{"review": "i bring all my business clients here . quiet , intimate , reasonably priced overall , excellent food , and wonderful bonfire smell . decor is cozy , sleek and modern . killer dessert and wonderful selection of draft beer . lovely mom and pop , or rather , son , pop , and daughter place . chef will make sure your food is prepped perfectly , even if you do n't notice the difference : kudos to the chef ! i had orderd some bbq beef skewers , and unbegnowst to me , the meat came out well down and smaller ; out comes a giant juicy skewer of plump medium rare beef , on the chef , without any prompting . wow . thanks chef ! ; ) i do n't really want to recommend anyone else to come here , because i love the cozy personal atmosphere , but heck , i want them to do well too . so , come on in , but leave me a seat at the bar !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "positives : the colorado lamb skewer was good ( always a good sign when i can remember what i ate ) and the apple , walnut and dried cranberry salad was fresh and plentiful ( i would go back to eat that salad for lunch ) . we ordered two other skewers , a chicken and a vegetarian , that were decent , not great . negatives : waiters seem to be a little inexperienced and it looks like they may need some backup designated drivers on the weekends for inebriated customers . we saw one girl so drunk she literally collapsed into the arms of someone else as she walked out the door . hello , taxi ? ? other than that little episode , we had a pleasant time . the layout feels a little too spacious and sanitary-new at this point . but give them a few months and i 'm sure they 'll tweak the sitting arrangement until it feels right . the place definitely has potential .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sexy meets casual meets deliciousness meets something new that scottsdale was missing . from the upscale look and dim lighting , it fits right in with the scottsdale crowd . but the best part is , you can go here to just relax too . they have lots of great seating whether it is intimate or larger group . the music is playing , the game is on , and there is lots to look at . did i mention the food is incredible ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as you walk in you are greeted by very friendly hostesses and the smell of bonfire- yes , they really took it there . my friends and i sat at the bar and was served by very friendly bartenders . my friends , who had been there for over an hour , were raving about the food and said it was bah-nan-ahs , so i had to try it ... and i was starving . i ordered the grilled cheese skewers- they come with bacon and who does n't love bacon ? ! my food was brought out very quickly and i was stoked , until i ate it . the bacon , bread and cheese were good but they put `` roasted tomatos '' on it as well and they were terrible . i did try the meatballs which were okay . the meat was good but it tasted like they were covered in , what tasted like , spicy ketchup . i will definitely go back for the atmosphere and the very friendly service but i 'm not so sure i 'll be eating their food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food but smaller portions so after our entrees we ordered appetizers because we were still hungry : ( the staff is very nice and attentive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "living so far away hinders me from visiting the place i would probably spend my entire paychecks on their clothing and accessories and down time chatting with the amazing customer service reps all while getting picked , poked and prodded from all their spa offers ! they offer everything a girl woman living in 2012 would need ! if you love yourself you will go here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased a groupon for this place for a waxing special so that is what originally brought me in . it was my first time in so it gave me an opportunity to shop around their store a bit before my appointment . the clothes i found were quite cute and very reasonably priced . as far as my waxing appointment went , i was far less than impressed with the waxing technique used . the only reason i was going to go back was to use my second waxing i had that was basically free because of my groupon . i went in for my second waxing and had a different technician and was much more pleased and i would now go back to her for another waxing appointment .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this review is for ... ana rivas , she gives good head ! best extensions , blow outs.. and overall insane flexibility , enthusiasm and knowledge about her craft ... i have never been loyal to a hair person in my life ... the money i have spent on my hair with her ... .is and was worth every penny . i leave here feeling like a new woman ... i trust her , bonus..i get to shop because there is a darling boutique in the salon..ana rivas goes out of her way to accommodate my schedule and is so passionate and meticulous ... she is more than reasonably priced , apprenticed in new york with some of the best stylists..i will follow her all over the city she is my go to ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't come here for clothes . i came to get my hair done . on a recommendation from a trusted friend i contacted blanca . in 4 hrs this dark brown haired girl went dirty blond & i could n't be more pleased ! she 's amazing . the time flew by ! ! ca n't wait to see her again . i am very particular about my hair and i hate driving . i 'll gladly make the drive to summerlin from silverado ranch . its totally worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mimi makes you feel absolutely gorgeous and is a totally low pressure salesperson ( though i always end up buying too much ) . hyatt gave me an excellent eyebrow wax . the store is adorable -- and reasonably priced considering it 's in boca park .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "review for salon : blanca blanca blanca ! all i can say is blanca ! trust me ! ! ! ! ! i 'm just saying ! ! got my hair cut by blanca today again . i 'm never ever let down ! i heart that women and the cute quaint chair she rents . she 's such a great person and stylist ! she heard i was in a car wreck and came to the local trauma ward to clean and wash the blood and gravel out of my hair ! now that quaintly customer service ! ! ! love !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not get lash extensions here ! ! ! ! i got them and followed all directions to a t and they fell off in a week- what a joke ! ! ! my lashes are now majorly damaged and look like little stubs i love the clothes there but will never get nor recommend any beauty treatments .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've found a brow artist ! ! ! ! after having them seriously mangled by a brow bar `` specialist '' from benefit , i have been trying to get them back to existing on my face again . once i had the caterpillars in place it was time to find a great wax artist ! thank you , maria ! they are turning out to be amazing ! i 've already been back twice and they are coming along so nice ! i now have standing appointments w this genius to keep my brows looking fabulous and i recommend grabbing a look around the place to see the cutest assortment of shoes , clothes and accessories . prices are reasonable and yes , mimi makes the experience at mixt so over the top wonderful . best customer service yet in boca park .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you want to look hip and fashionable in vegas ? this is the place to shop . they have the quality & stylish clothes that you can find . your friends will say where did you get that.. also , do n't forget to get eyelash extensions while you are there . maria is awesome ! love shopping at the mixt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while wandering around boca park i decided to check out this boutique . they have some very cute clothes at affordable prices ! there were n't many associates around to help , but it was nice to shop and not be bothered or followed around . i ca n't wait to come back and buy one of the many beautiful things i fell in love with !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i first drove by i wasnt sure what to think of this place but i got my lashes done here and i loved it ! i didnt pay too close attention to the clothes accesories because i was on a time crunch but i def . will be back to check it out", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i browsed through this store with my girlfriend . there were two employees working , neither of which said a word to us in the 5-10 minutes we were there . they were far too busy talking to each other .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here for feather extensions . service was phenomenal . nice selection of accessories . not really impressed by their clothes . they sell make up too . havent had a chance to check out the make up , ill def stop by next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lash tinting was great , but the boutique was n't all that interesting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "le 5 @ 7 du jeudi soir , c'est vraiment la cohue ! ! pour un groupe , il est imp\u00e9ratif de faire une r\u00e9servation ( ce que nous avions fait ) . l'ambiance est canon , les bouch\u00e9es \u00e0 partager aussi ! un superbe endroit \u00e0 ste-rose !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for brunch . very good food and service . nice cabin feel upstairs . liked the yogurt starter with fresh berries . will definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , really impressed with this place . felt like i was downtown and did n't even have to leave laval . great food , drinks and atmosphere on a saturday night . we had a set menu for $ 40 prs and the food did n't stop coming ! highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like there big kahuna sandwich . however , i usually get the jalapenos on the side , so they do n't overpower the sandwich . i also am a fan of their email club and enjoy the free sandwich on the day of your birthday . those things make me rate the chain of jersey mikes with 4 stars . however , this location lost a star for the following reason . they close at 10pm , but do n't go after 9:30 hoping for one of their signature hot , cheesesteak sandwiches . tonight , for the second time , i arrived about 9:40 and the grill was obviously cleaned for the night . frustrating , when they claimed each time that it was an exception and usually the grill is not cleaned until after 9:45 . i will buy that line one , but not twice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is your typical jersey mikes . i like the turkey club and the number 13 . get it mike 's way", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly staff , clean facility , fresh ingredient , a bit skimpy on the meat ( roast beef ) . i liked the bread , however , the pricing is too high for what you get in comparison to what you can find at a few local delis at a similar price point that would provide a more generous portion of meat on your sandwich above the quality of jersey mike 's .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "walked in at just before 915pm when they close at 10pm . tried to order a hot sub and the guy working told me that it was going to be 20-30 minutes for any hot sub because they 'd have to turn back on the grill and they already cleaned it . he seemed annoyed but there was 45 freaking minutes left before they closed . i have worked in food service long enough to know that 's not exactly the best customer service . it also eliminates half of what we could order and made me cranky .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love the sandwiches here ! ! ! ! my fav sandwich chain by far ! there are however , a couple things about this location that could be improved . 1 ) the speed of their sandwich making needs to be faster . 2 ) the soda is disgusting because they skimp on the syrup . after thinking they must have made it poorly on accident , i continued to get pepsi with each visit and being bad every time . it 's so disappointing , that i actually went for the dr. pepper today . mush to my displeasure , it was just as bad . stay away from their sad soda machine ! ! suggestion to the franchise owner and or manager ... stop cheaping out on the soda syrup ! ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "loved it ! got the # 13 italian , watched them slice the meats and prep the sandwich and the attention to detail is great fun to watch . the result is yummy and a very good bargain - i could only eat half of the regular-size sub , so two lunches for $ 6.50 is a pretty good deal . great quality meats and the 'fixins ' were perfect . the second half was still good the next day-the whole thing kinda married itself and the flavors intensified . i recommend the wheat roll - more sturdy . i wish they opened earlier in the morning , i would stop every week on my way to work to pick one up for lunch", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is good closest thing to a was a howie you can find in the valley . ... staff is a bit on the rude side , was asked today what do you want in a certain unpleasant tone again what do you want .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so happy about jm subs opening by where i live . it 's right by dickie 's and little caesar 's . philly cheese on delicious white bread . yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their sandwiches are great as long as you go when the day crew is in . if you go within 3 hours of closing time , it 's a different story . zach and clay ( or at least that 's who they told us they were ) are always rude . it seems like a huge imposition to get them to actually do their job and help you . i thought it was a coincidence the first time it happened , but after three times , i 'm over it . each time , they had the open sign turned off , grill turned off , and no one was in the front of store . an hour and a half before closing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a tad pricier than other sandwich places , but here 's the reason ! quality , quality , quality ... it 's refreshing to go a sandwich shop where they really care about putting out top notch products ! i love the old school way of custom slicing the meat for every sandwich versus the competition . bread is always fresh , and the produce is always in nice looking condition , and consistently replenished . by far the best of the large scale sandwich franchises ! i 've eaten here 100 's of times and have never received a bad sandwich !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stale roll at two locations this week . i think i 'm gona try somewhere else next . why do they cut roll in half ? it should just be sliced to hold together better . r these guys really from jersey ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm a bit surprised at all these negative reviews on here . i have been here on numerous occasions to get various sandwiches and never have had a bad experience here . all the sandwiches that i tried have been at least above average and the people helping you out at the counter have usually been very friendly and helpful . the location for me is excellent as it 's on hayden & thomas , located in a strip mall with other restaurants as well . jersey mike 's is nothing fancy but it 's a nice spot to get a quick bite to eat , and for that i 'm a fan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nom ! thrilled to have a sub shop that 's basic , yet good that 's so close to home . service is exceptional . the place is always clean . the food is always spot on . we 've visited 3 times since their opening and have been satisfied each and every time . thank you for giving us a sandwich option that does n't suck and does n't break the bank !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been to this location a few times now , i think i 'll return to subway for my lunch breaks from now on . people seem to like food from here when they order cold sandwiches , so please be warned , this is only from hot sandwich experience , which was meh . they make the hot sandwiches away from view and put so much dressing on them that the sandwich is always soggy . so gross ! if they would have warned me that i would n't get to specify toppings , like the cold sandwich people do , i would have been able to let them know when i ordered , but they took my order , said nothing to me , then just gave my sandwich to the register . i never got to customize it or anything . i guess now i know , but for a first time customer , it would have been nice to have them ask .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my fave `` chain '' sub place . i 'm a cold sub sandwich guy ... usually order the sub club with turkey and roast beef + all fixins . crew is helpful and friendly . ingredients , meat , bread and condiments are just a cut above the rest in my experience . have eaten at various locations in az and socal and my experiences have been consistently good . only reason i would n't give 5 stars is i feel the price is a bit high . beats places like subway hands down though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first i 'll just start off and say that brianna is the best ! from what i can gather , she is a manager here , and she is always nothing but amazing . everyone else here is pretty good , but if brianna is working on my order , i know i have nothing to worry about . i would call in my orders from work all the time , and this location is great . i advise you to order by menu # , as this seems to help . i recall getting one or two orders wrong over the hundreds we 've ordered , but this is tiny compared to any of the other places we 've gone . and the food is always amazing . compared to silvermine , jimmy john 's , subway , and capriotti 's , jersey mike 's is just the best . california club is my personal fave .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love jersey mikes so much . this is the only one i 've ever been to , and it 'll probably be the only one i go to . every time i come in i 'm always greeted with the sweetest employees , they really care about making your sub perfect just for you . the last few times i 've been through sueann ( i think that 's how her name was spelled ) has helped me out and she goes above and beyond to take care of her customers . definitely recommend the chipotle philly cheese steak . it 's a total game changer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time to a jersey mike and i have to say my husband and i were impressed . i got the # 13 and my husband went with the super energetic employees recommendation of the # 44 i believe which he loved . while we are in , the employees were cleaning and singing which is so positive . many places do n't have employees that show they enjoying working there . this wo n't be our last time there . my only feedback is i wish they had name tags so i can recognize there positive attitudes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "by far my favorite place to have a quick lunch in the valley . i do n't typically go in during the lunch rush but i found myself in the heart of one today , and i think the ladies working deserve some recognition for their speedy sandwich making . the line was huge and with just 3 staff members my wait time was under 10 minutes . even with the rush the usual top quality of my sandwich was n't sacrificed ! i love this sandwich shop , the employees are kind , professional and quick . the store is clean , and well kept , and the sandwiches are always delicious . thank you jersey mike 's crew for providing such an awesome place tograb a quick , tasty bite to eat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sandwiches are consistently good at every location i 've been to , but the young people working here at the flower mound location are extremely nice and pleasant . they seem to be having fun at work but are respectful and courteous to customers . i would imagine it 's difficult to hire responsible teenagers but they seem to do a great job here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad to see this place here . the sandwiches are great . my favorite is a cheesesteak hogie . the crew is top notch . definitely my new favorite sandwich shop near home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no greeting or eye contact . left after about 5mins of uncomfortable silence . i just want a sandwich , im not trying to fuck your girlfriend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great flavor and you have mini sub rolls . the sub roll size offering alone gives you five stars . i really liked my sub , tuna on white mike 's way , but really do not need to be eating a huge portion of it . everything was delicious , the store was clean , and nice employees .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's that time of year folks ! spring is in the air and uncle sam has his hand out ( much like my free-loading uncle fred at every one of my birthday parties ) . whether you dread writing that check or look forward to the irs returning your interest-free loan , it 's here . you ca n't avoid it . well , legally anyway . the best you can do is find a good tax man ( or lady ) to help you keep what you worked hard for , or hardly worked for , whichever applies . i 'm happy to say mr. holly is still in business , proof his clients are not in jail , nor destitute , and ready to assist with all of your tax preparation needs . as per usual , i showed up with my list of 102 ridiculously anal and sometimes irrelevant questions and all were answered . one week later , my forms were ready . thom 's a true professional , and i would recommend him to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thom has handled my business and personal taxes for 4 years . i was a self preparer before . i discovered i was doing a few things incorrectly , not keeping the right records on a few things , and lastly , throughout the year as i have questions come up , thom knows the answer and i did not ! they work with small business , audit work , payroll ( they offer the payroll service ) and business owner return work . i believe they handle accounting work as well but i have not used . overall , nothing to worry about if you work with them . trustworthy , safe , experienced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great cpa ! i just moved from california to arizona , bought a home here , and had to report my interest on a few investments . i met with thomas to secure the necessary paperwork , tax tips for filing this year , and get an estimate for services . a week later , my taxes were done ( had to wait for my 1099s to arrive ) , overall , thomas holly made a seamless move for me and in my case , was even a little cheaper than the estimate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my accountant , tom has helped me with a lot , he is what you want in an accountant he is very knowledgable , honest , helpful , explains the things you want to know , very highly recommended . i specifically was looking for a really good accountant and i 'm glad i found one , keep up the love tom you the man ! ps- sandy who is an accountant under tom has also helped me with a lot of my accounting questions and has also been very helpful . i enjoy working with her too and overall , i 'm very happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in a pinch and my taxes were late , i was also juggling some issues with my small business and just moved to the scottsdale area . i called thomas ' office and i 'm happy i did . he was quick to answer questions and his prices are fair . he was able to clear up my tax issues within 2 days ! i would definitely recommend him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome experience ! ! ! i was having a crisis situation when trying to file my taxes on my own . there was a particular area of my taxes that i just could n't figure out . i had called a couple cpa 's and h & r block but everyone was clueless . i originally called to find a cpa to hire to do this but tom spent about 20 minutes walking me through it over the phone ... ..i am not currently a client either . he basically walked me through how to do this on my own . -the issue was trying to file a 8606 for for the past three and calculate my basis for an nondeductable ira to roth conversion . i spent about 3 hours of my life trying to figure it out until i called tom . thanks ! oh and please do n't just call him for free advice , he does have to eat ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thomas holly is terrific he is as good as it gets ! i am very grateful for his services . b. schade", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thomas was excellent . his staff his extremely courteous and professional . both my personal and business taxes were completed by cpa thomas s. holly . i could n't be happier and more confident my taxes were done correctly . i will certainly continue to do business with thomas and his staff for many years to come . i will be happy to refer my friends and family too ! thanks again thomas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i changed accountants about two years ago , and i now realize i should have done it sooner . i 've used a few different firms and accountants for my business in the past , but none have come close to providing the level of attention and organization that thom and his staff does . sandy t was the team member that did a lot of the heavy lifting on our corporate taxes , rec 's and general cleanup . she is amazing to work with . i can not express how much of a pleasure it is to work with sandy and thom . i know full well how arduous some of the items were that i needed done . at every turn , they were professional , poised and just powered through the pile of work . thom and his team are very approachable , knowledgeable and accountable ( pun intended ) . it 's very important to me that people do what they say , and i am proud to have them handling my taxes , both corporate and personal . do yourself a favor and give thom a call .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an accountant is n't just a cipher for the irs . an accountant is someone you can talk to , learn from , share ideas with and most of all trust . i found thom holly through a great review online and now it 's my turn to add to the plaudits . thom holly is super . he 's kind , thorough and detail oriented . best of all he does n't treat you like just another customer . he 's across who you are , why you do what you do , and he 's there to advise you and make life just that bit easier . thank you to the unknown reviewer who told me about thom . for anyone looking for personal attention and or needing quiet , understated competence , kindness and a warm welcome - thom holly is the cpa to call .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my friends go there for a mani-pedi every so often and all 4 of us agree that the prices are very reasonable and the quality is very good ! we usually call ahead to make an appointment since there are so many of us and they have always been able to accommodate . just be sure to bring a cash tip because there is not a section to add one with your card !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mediocre . staff was not engaging , did n't seem very friendly , the salon itself looked like it needed a good cleaning . i got a pedicure and the polish looks fine , but i 'm worried that i 'll get an ingrown nail with how much the nail tech was digging around when trimming my nails . i would definitely try somewhere else next time , but this place is ok if you 're in a pinch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i went without an appointment and waited an hour ... so worth it ! my nails were jacked up by the shop in the mall at robinson my nail tech fixed them and was so perfect he made sure they were perfectly even . he did a wonderful job ! i made and appointment for my next visit and will never go anyplace else again . finally found my forever nail salon . i do n't know the name of the tech but he had the nail station right next to the front desk . he was so helpful and friendly . ca n't wait to have some more fun with more designs", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my sns nails done by henry , it 's beautiful and perfect . i am very happy w my service , thank you henry , love the people there , you all should give it a try too , i will come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have gotten several gel manicures here ( just on my regular nails ) , and i am always very pleased . they do such a great job of pushing your cuticles back and painting the whole nail without getting any on the skin . my manicures last a solid two weeks and rarely start peeling . i get a lot of complements on my nails when i get them done here ! and you ca n't beat $ 27 for gel . i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in for a gel manicure and was taken by the woman at the back right corner station of the salon . her only form of communication with me was grunting and she painted all the skin around my nails which then started peeling within the next 1-2 days . perhaps if a patron got one of the other nail techs he she would have a much better experience , but for me it was a waste of money . $ 27 was the price for the gel manicure .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . it 's a gem . everyone is very friendly and very talented . i almost always just walk-in when i have spare time and 3d has accommodated me every time . i 've had a different nail tech every time and i have always loved the results . i usually get a gel french manicure for $ 32 . in my experience , the gel has lasted 3 weeks with no problem . they give you a bottle of water while you get your nails done - nice touch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved to oakdale and needed a new mail shop , i found this little gem ... they now have a new customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed this nail salon . it 's one of the better one 's that i 've been to in the pittsburgh region . i was able to walk-in on a saturday for a full set . nobody pushed me to get gel color , and i 've found some salons get really pushy . a full set was only $ 25 before tip . i got traditional polish , the acrylics were put on well , i 'm a two weeks and i 'm ready for a fill , but they 're not peeling or coming off . the only downsides were polish was put on so-so , and the technician seemed very distracted , he never said a word to me . overall i 'll be back if nothing else for the cleanliness , and the price . i 'd recommend to a friend . next time i 'll probably splurge for gel polish just because i find it goes on better regardless of the tech .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to 3d nails spa for the first time yesterday with my friend , and we were both getting fill ins with gel polish . on their website and on their menu in the spa , they 're listed at $ 25 . however , i got charged $ 25 , and my friend got charged $ 30 for the same service ! when she asked the guy who worked on her why , all he said was that the prices listed were incorrect . $ 30 is still cheap for a gel fill in , but she felt like she got scammed . all in all , my nails ( and my friends ) looked great after we left , but they need to update their price list ! also , both my friend and i picked out gel polishes that looked nothing like their respective swatches when painted on . we both confirmed that they were the correct bottles , but they looked so different . be wary of that !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best nail salon in the area . the owners are polite and consumer centric . they have a good range of polishes , gels and sns . great pedicure , and the place is clean . you wo n't be disappointed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful nails , terrible service overall experience . more than a week in advance , i called to schedule appointments for myself and two friends to get mani-pedis ( all at the same time ) . day of , we arrived early but were n't acknowledged for 30+ minutes . after that , our services were dramatically staggered -- meaning all of our manis and pedis started and ended at different times . would n't have been a big deal if we 'd walked in on a whim , but these appointments had been scheduled and confirmed . nails looked great , but we did n't end up leaving the salon until more than three hours after our scheduled appointment time . overall the value was n't worth the amount of time we spent there . also , not sure if this is a normal thing ( i rarely get my nails done ) , but the nail tech was pushing my cuticles down with his own fingernail . seemed marginally strange and unsanitary to me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we stopped in this week for dinner and had a great visit ! the staff was very welcoming and friendly ( and checked up on us the appropriate amount of times with genuine concern ) , the decor is quite nice ( comfortable and cozy ) and the food was incredible . we started with the siracha chicken skewers over rice ... wow , spicy , but so good ! i had the lamb gyro with a side of rice for my entree ... seriously the best gyro i have ever tasted - the lamb was so tender and the pita was so fluffy ! we will definitely be back because i am already craving that gyro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for dinner with my mom and 3 sisters . delicious food and great service ! raving from all 5 of us . no wait , great and quick service and everything was delicious ! ! ! fries were crispy and yummy . we tried wraps , gyros , salads and sandwiches and all of them were great ! definitely would recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've come here several times and love it ! this is seriously a hidden gem of a restaurant . delicious food , great happy hour and super friendly staff ! definitely wo n't be disappointed ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently yelp says this place closes at 6pm but yelp is incorrect they stay open much later ( we were there until at least 8pm ) . anyway service was very kind and our food was great . i encourage getting the lollis as your appetizer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have eaten there twice and both times were delicious . do not miss the lemon chicken rice soup ! if i could take home by the gallon i would , it is that good . love the siracha chicken skewers . great service and nice patio . is our new neighborhood favorite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our server , justin was the bomb ! knowledge of the wines was very impressive . good , apps , decent prices , calamari , perfect ! ! ! very comfortable , nice atmosphere ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for an early dinner on a tuesday night . the food was of high quality and very tasty . the decor was modern rustic and service was perfect . we enjoyed the salad and wraps . my 10 year old asked to come back again . i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was decent . but the service was terrible . went with 12 people , they took way too long for us to get drinks . we ordered over $ 600 worth of food and drinks . they then messed up our checks . we 've now been waiting 45 to leave . and there are only two other tables with people at them in the restaurant . this is unacceptable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "char was taken over by binks , it was a really cool spot when i was inside . so far i 've had the spinach salad and the kale and both were delicious . however , i do want to have a dine in experience but since i have been limited on time , i 've gotten take out and they have been really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in for dinner and everything was great ! shrimp skewers were awesome ! shrimp were big and tastey ! menu needs a little work , not sure what but everything we had was delicious . recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met a friend for happy hour on a friday night . they said they only honored happy hour prices at the bar , but there were only 3 tall tables at the bar and all were taken . i had the siracha chicken skewers , they were good with the perfect amount of spice , but very small sized portion .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food . there falafel bites , grape leaves and sriracha chicken skewers were amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meat was raw and food was just not good . chicken lollis tasted like they were dressed in ketchup . my least favorite mediterranean food i have ever had .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food ! since it is mediterranean inspired , there are definitely healthy but tasty options ! for appetizers we had the calamari and the chicken lollies , both were good , i was partial to the lollies . as entrees i had the steak wrap , with veggies as my side and my fianc\u00e9 had the gyro and fries , both did not disappoint . on a random note , while i did not have a salad for my first visit , i feel that you can really judge a place by what it does with the salad menu . their salad menu options had a diverse mixture of vegetables , garnishes and dressings that i thought was impressive . i will definitely be recommending this place to friends , and also keeping it front of mind with my fianc\u00e9 when we want to go out to dinner and want to have healthy options ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good . atmosphere was cool . wait staff was very pleasant . could have done more with table settings and lighting on tables to make each dining experience more inviting . prices are way too high ! 21 $ for a skewer . $ 138 bill for chicken app , 2 salads , 2 skewers and two cocktails . if it was half the price we would go back for sure . but the prices are way too high for that establishment in my opinion . we could have eaten at houston 's for the same price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , great patio , great atmosphere . locally sourced foods and grass fed meats ! highly recommend this restaurant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here twice in two days . food is great and service is excellent . will be back many times ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great neighborhood join for our family . casual , yummy food . really friendly service to our kids which i really appreciate . i would try it if you like checking out new spots . nice addition to the neighborhood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the food ; second time i 've been there and neither time disappointed ! the service is a bit slow ( both times ) . hopefully they get that part ironed out ; i 'd hate to see it fail .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first experience was last night with two of my good friends ... was very friendly , love our server kelly , very helpful good suggestions , she obviously likes working there . i was very pleased as were the two others will return . and my chicken wrap was to die for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! ! ! sorry ... i was in the middle of eating my mediterranean steak wrap while writing this . i should probably put my wrap down first ... : ) anyway what a great place . this has just been s to go place for several time and finally decided to check out the bar . very modern and beautiful inside , slot of wood ... the bar is very comfortable and our bartender was prompt and very courteous . we had the crispy calamari and chicken lollis and both were really good . everyone there is very friendly and fun . everything we have had is very fresh and done right . so far my favs are the savory pita ( awesome ) mediterranean steak wrap ( awesome ) and chicken lollis ( double awesome ) really ca n't go wrong here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "family friendly . awesome food . friendly staff . good service . enjoyed the meal . too bad we are from seattle and ca n't come back anytime soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our first visit to this restaurant . ( we were looking for the restaurant that preceded it in that space . ) we had a good experience . there are interesting cocktails and we each had one . i did n't care for mine but still was glad to have tried it . my wife enjoyed hers and also had a moscow mule . i had a good red . i had the sliders which were excellent . my wife had the patty melt and fries and also enjoyed it . service was decent though not great . we came in and waited for a few minutes to be noticed and seated . there was a problem with ingredients for my drink . would we go back ? definitely .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was adequate but overall experience was seriously lacking . our poor server seemed to be doing the job of five people . orders got mixed up in the kitchen . when the missing food cake out , it was clear it had been rushed- crunchy rice and soggy grape leaves . it took a long time to process our checks or return them to us after we gave them our payment method . a gentleman who i assume to be the owner ( who was not dressed professionally at all ) just seemed to wander around aimlessly , not helping while the server hostess bartender was running around frantic . when he finally came to our table after we waited 20 min for our checks , he stated that had he known we were `` in a hurry '' he would have processed our checks sooner . then , rather go do it , he hunted down our waitress who was still overloaded to do it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everything was delicious ! fantastic salads ( santorini was so delicious with the pink dressing and sonoma was amazing ) , great service , amazing meat skewers ( shrimp was amazing ) ! ! ! ca n't wait to come back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our second visit to char . the rosemary chicken was a wonderful dish . grilled chicken breast with a mediterranean touch . light drizzle of balsamic vinegar to finish . a nice friendly feel as we watched the staff assist three generations of one family get settled in , including an infant , with helpful suggestions of menu items for their other child . jennifer was pleased to accommodate our request to split our salad and main . perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews so i had to check this place out . newer restaurant with a patio in my neighborhood . we came on a weekday so it was n't very busy when we arrived . service was average , could have been a little better considering the lack of crowd . the great food and nice wine selection made up for that . i had a wonderful chicken strawberry salad and my mother and husband had a cajun shrimp dish with a chocolate dessert to share . when we were leaving i noticed the place had gotten much busier i was happy to see . everyone should get a taste of this great food and wine", "score": "4"}
{"review": "now this was a hit ! everyone in our party was well satisfied with their tasty choices . the lamb burger really is as great as they say , and the mediterranean offerings are all first class . no wonder this place is hopping all winter long . summertime is quieter but you 'll get the same good service and exceptionally good food . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spinach salad was so fresh and good . i had the filet and it was excellent . we will definitely be going back . great dining option in the pv scottsdale area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is right in my neighborhood and has changed hands a few times . tonight was the third time i came into char and every time i 've left happy , full , and impressed . their chicken is amazing , tender and juicy . both the pol sandwich as well as the chicken kebabs are fantastic . their lamb gyro is quite tasty , i credit it to their delicious tzatziki . i definitely would suggest this restaurant to someone who is not wanting to wait the hour lunch rush at houstons in the same parking lot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great new option for the scottsdale-lincoln road corridor ... we are hoping this mediterranean-focused casual spot gets some local love as an addition to the well-established other restaurants at hilton village . there 's an interesting selection of apps , including sricha grilled chicken on skewers , a lovely hummus platter & more . salads include a greek style nicely done w a handful of other options . the lamb gyro was very tasty- crammed w lean slices of smoky meat , fresh veggies & creamy tzaziki sauce . the pita was soft & lightly grilled yum . service was efficient & friendly . a black board notes seasonal drink specials including creative renditions of the mule . try it a few times to sample the entree skewers , the rather unique lamb burger and creative sides .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! good food and the staff was well trained and awesome ! pete ( the owner ) gave us some history and liz made sure every thing was timely and hot . the mezze plater featured tasty hummus . and entrees from the chicken skewer for our 7 7 8 year old grandson to the lamb chops for our 70 year old grandfather were served perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lemon soup is a must try . the chicken kabob , i 'm not sure why , but just tasted better than any kabob i 've had . maybe their preparation . and the cypress salad , very very good . i highly recommend it . oh , and i 'd be remiss if i did n't give a shout to stephanie . she is cute , super friendly and did not steer us wrong ! ! thank you stephanie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped here on saturday night for the first time . we started with the chicken skewers which were very tasty . would definitely order them again . we also had the palo sandwich and the mediterranean steak wrap . the ingredients inside the palo sandwich were delicious , but the bun was way too large . every time i bit into the sandwich it tasted like it was all bun . the steak wrap was pretty good , it included an eggplant spread inside the wrap which was really good . the fries were n't great , but good . the grilled vegetables were really good . i thought the price of the food was on par with what we received . i will be stopping by again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "solid , clean food . everything made in house . bar is a hidden gem , have some of the best cocktails in a town over-saturated with places that claim to make craft drinks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! i had a lamb burger which was delicious . the vegie side was a mix of red peepers , squash , broccoli and onions sauteed in oil . really great ! we definitely will go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful little restaurant with a nice patio and bar . a great view of the mountains at sunset . the service was friendly as were the other patrons . the food everyone was getting looked delicious . we only had an appetizer , which was good too . they have a decent happy hour and i would try it again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a nicely run bar and restaurant . i highly recommend this restaurant if you are looking for quality food and an affordable price . the steak wrap had at least 5 ounces of very tender steak . their gyro is amazing . get out of the busy old town area and enjoy a top notch restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we did the take out and it was cold , the portions were small , the hummus came without bread . i have to say i would never go back or order again . four of us waited one hour and spent $ 159.00 for awful dried out chicken . we called manager and she spoke to owner and she gave us a $ 50.00 gift certificate which i will donate to the homeless . i never review like this but had to display my feelings . ... . just an update , i never received the gift certificate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "superb . i wish we lived closer . exc service , except food , great prices too . the grass fed hamburger was done perfectly , not burnt and very tasty . lots of choices , it was hard to decide . do n't miss this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ambiance : modern and upscale restaurant that is par for course in this part of scottsdale . the vibe is a cross between a gastropub and modern mediterranean restaurant . i really appreciate that the bar is physically separated from the dining room . this allows a more intimate setting for those that want to enjoy their dinner without flat screens showing the latest espn replays . patrons are all ages . good music playing at a appropriate volume . perfect for a date or business dinner . seating options for pairs as well as groups . food : excellent prepared burgers and salads that would remind one of a gastropub . there are chicken steak skewers with tzatziki for those in favor of mediterranean . service : i love new restaurants because there is still a zeal for customer service . we were seated promptly . both our server and manager checked in on us to make sure we were happy . price : on the higher side but par for course for this part of town . overall : a great bar grill with a unique mediterranean twist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is solid ... must have the tomato and basil starter and the pink goddess dressing is a delight . a little pricey for lunch but delicious and i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i tried this restaurant for the first time , last night . we look for mediterranean food wherever we travel . we shared a large spinach salad . very filling and delicious . strawberries , thinly sliced apples and roasted pecans . perfectly seasoned with a light vinaigrette dressing . i ordered a lamb burger and a side of roasted vegetables . everything was perfectly cooked . my husband ordered a steak skewer . it came with rice pilaf . it was also perfectly cooked . we ended with rice pudding . we will definitely be returning to this restaurant . i 'll ask for a patio table although the booth was very comfortable . we had a nice chat with the owner . he is a history buff and loves talking about the balkans . so do we !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not much to say here , basic diner food , nothing spectacular . breakfast , lunch , dinner all fine as long as you are n't expecting gourmet . wait staff is efficient , mostly friendly ( seem to treat regulars very well though ) : just do n't sit at the counter or you 'll listen to them complain and read the paper together . not necessarily unclean , but dated , well-worn decor and furnishings give it a bit of an icky vibe . but some people seem to love the place- i just do n't see it !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "more like 3 1 2 stars . there were not many places to eat on us route 2 and we were delighted to find this place . it was recommended by a local . the place was comfortable and the service was good . we had some peach pie with ice cream , which was excellent , and a chef salad which was tasty and reasonably priced . recommended .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were driving through and wanted a local , homey place to stop . best friends was the perfect place for that . the menu was varied and the place was busy - always a good sign . the server was very sweet and helpful . i ordered a burger with hand cut fries and cole slaw . best cole slaw i 've had in a long time . the burger was great ! a real hand formed patty . flavorful . simple with lettuce , tomato and onion . exactly what i wanted and so good . my husband had the fried shrimp meal . came with fries , a second side and soup or salad . he chose baked potato soup which was a meal on its own . great flavor and texture . we shared that ! he said the shrimp were great and the garlic bread was awesome . desserts looked good and were homemade but we were too full . next time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place looked dreary at first ; then i realized it was n't dingy , just brown-painted wall over wood wainscoating with brown carpet and dim lighting . there were actually some attractive decorations on the wall . it had an fashioned lunch counter with white tile on the wall behind the counter , and some soda cases piled up by the counter . we all had haddock sandwich platters . the fish was ok , probably frozen pre-breaded pieces , deep fried , a bit greasy but ok , on a very nicely toasted bun . the onion rings were unexceptional . my son 's french fries looked fresh cut -- i wish i 'd gotten them instead of the onion rings . the ladies restroom was dingy-looking but relatively clean ; it also served as a storage area for vacuum cleaners and assorted cleaning supplies . all in all , a decent experience for a quick lunch , and the service was pretty good for how busy they were .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here on my day off for a good relaxation . and it did not disappoint . went there and i was greeted with a smile by the receptionist at the front . very welcoming . he then proceeded to direct me to one of the booths for my hour body massage . the room was clean and it looked so relaxing and i just could n't wait to get massaged because it was so enticing ! my masseuse was pretty good ! he put in so much work on my knots . i also did not expect the hot stone massage that came with it for the price that i paid for . i feel like i got more bonuses than what i 've hoped for . just to add , the place was pretty small , and it 's not as fancy as high end spas . but they do keep up with the whole aesthetic of their business . if it 's massage and relaxation you 're looking for at an affordable price , this is the good place to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a cozy family owned foot spa . they are very skilled and good at doing the massage . my boyfriend and i enjoyed it a lot . the massage really helps my neck and shoulder problem . i always had a great sleep after a 90 minutes spa ! will come back routinely !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just go in , do n't worry about the exterior . you ca n't beat $ 35 for an hour of relaxation . i 've been to a few different foot spas and even if this is n't the most fancy place the massage was great ! i did n't want the hour to end .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . i work out and steve is so good ! he uses a lot of pressure if you ask . 60 min for $ 35 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "be sure you get the rate for your massage in advance and in person . i was quoted one price over the phone and once my massage was over , the price doubled ! ! not cool . the massage was actually pretty good , but , the rate quote was lost in translation . i reluctantly agreed to pay the difference but will not be returning here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've now been to this place several times , and while i 'm certain it 's still one of the best things going here in scottsdale ... i 've been to so many of these types of spas and one of my favorite parts is when they massage my scalp for a few minutes ( i do n't mean when they just press hard with their fingers in a straight line ... i mean massage , scratch and even tug on my hair ) only once have i had that here . also they do n't spend enough time on hands and arms , which also feels amazing ! . but again , i am a `` foot massage spa snob '' i guess , and i notice when they spend enough time on certain areas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here that day after i went shopping . i was tried and sleepy , want to get relaxation . this is a really good place . people are really friendly . 60 mins only $ 35 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is no reason to use this company . they `` mistakenly '' overcharged our card by thousands of dollars for a $ 500 trip and have done very little to rectify it to date . i would not recommend this service to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was a nightmare . when i called , it was always taped messages . the first quote and actual charge was very different . we finally accepted the higher charges for door to door service to go to las vegas . on the day of picking us up , no body showed up . we were calling for 45 minutes and finally we checked our e-mail and found an e-mail of refund for the service . they cancelled our trip without notifying us 30 minutes before they were to pick us up . we end up driving ourselves . this was a terrible experience with them . we will never use their service and we warned everyone to not use them either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i scheduled a trip with these guys things fell though and jenny s. was very helpful and prompt on getting my refund ... thanks chuck griffin", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible service ! they try to scam and nickle and dime you anyway they can . when their bus breaks down , they dont refund anything , even though they didnt provide the charter service ! ! ! here is where you file complaints against them , we are doing ours now . http : consumers.cpuc.ca.gov carriercomplaint", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the date of my reservation was the same day as rock-n-roll marathon so i gave myself an hour for the drive - took only 25 minutes . the bus never came ! ! ! i called and called . i have sent an email and a letter . no reply . no trip , no refund . if it was n't for reading about the lack of drinks and wifi - that i too was expecting - i would have thought this a completely fake company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after reading my original review , owner personally looked up my information ( which is against the law if he has already denied my service ) and cursed me out over the phone lol ... when i asked him to please stop calling me if he did not want to rectify the situation that caused my review , he grew more angry and started yelling as i hung up the phone lol ... the owner is like a big ghetto baby who throws tandrums yells and curses out customers ... . leave these jerks alone and try megabus or bolt bus .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "made reservations for us to go to vegas for the husbands birthday . confirmed these reservations 2 days before we were due to leave . heeding their warnings we showed up to the pick up location 15minutes early at 0830 . 845 came and went 900 same thing , when it was 915 and still no bus we called . of course it went to voice mail . rechecked our email just to make sure they had not sent a cancelation email , nothing . we called 3 more times with the same results , left 3 voice mails . finally at 0945 , cold and damp from the morning mist we decided to drive ourselves to vegas . left another voice-mail after 1000 , when they were supposed to be open , letting them know they could expect this review and requesting a refund . two days later and they still have not responded . rip off , do n't waste your time with this company ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have ordered take out a few times at this location since it 's close to work . the person taking the orders have always been nice . the specials they have on certain days-fridays- are great ! i got 2 medium special pizzas for under $ 20 , really good crust . pacific veggie , 7 cheese , and surpreme are just yummy ! something about the crust that makes me keep going back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly people working . food was done quickly . i was shocked that they charge for parmesan cheese . but then what do you want for a $ 7 pizza .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "keep an eye on your delivery people , folks ! my order arrives , brought to me by a very young man , who starts to chit chat me up for a minute before our transaction . he proceeds to tell me that he had to get into work in a hurry and did not get a chance to pick up any change . naturally , he saw that i was paying him with a 20 . i told him , `` sorry , but if you do n't have change to give me , then i do n't want my order. '' . gee ! all of a sudden , he had change `` in his car , '' but had to take it out of his own pocket . i told him , that would be fine , and that i would hold the 20 until he could show me the change . this is not the first time that this particular domino 's has done this to me . how stupid do they think we are ? as soon as he left , i called the place and filed a complaint with the manager .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here last night with my boyfriend and my gluten free , dairy free friend . we got two gluten free pizzas with no cheese ( she took one for lunch today ) , a medium wisconsin 6 cheese , and a chicken parmesan sandwich . we also got 8 bone in hot wings . the sandwich was quickly devoured by my boyfriend and i tried a bite ... it was good ! the wisconsin 6 cheese pizza was amazing , lots of cheese and just the right amount of crispy . the gluten free pizzas my friend said were really good as were the wings . total came to about $ 57 so it is a little on the expensive side ... .but it was all good , and not many places have the gluten free crust .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast service , good pizza , friendly drivers . whenever i really want some pizza , this domino 's is my go-to . their location is right down the street from my house , and they usually get my order to me within 30 minutes . their drivers are friendly and competent folks , who are good at their job . i 've never had a problem with them finding my place . in terms of food , this domino 's is constantly running specials ( coupons and online ) , which make it easier to come back because you 'll save a bit of money when you order . i have always been impressed with the quality and freshness of my orders from this location . pizza and wings are always a good choice , but so is the chicken parmesan sandwich ( my favorite ) . i 'll gladly order from this domino 's location in the future . 4-stars !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yesterday i ordered a large 3 topping pizza with extra sauce and it was , like their commercial said , $ 7.99 . it was hot , right out of the oven and it was still crap . who thought this crust was good ? i see now domino 's is testing drones for pizza delivery . which is great because now , fans of domino 's can get this crap pizza even more quickly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered a bunch of larges for a class party for 2nd graders . asked to have pizzas double-cut . when they came , they were not cut straight . knowing the pizzas are for kids to each have an equal slice , the pizzas should be as perfectly cut into 16 skinny pieces and not some 5 inches huge and some one inch strip . it causes negative issues to have kids picking about size of slices . would have been nice to have them cut nice and evenly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "let me tell you something about this dominos : they bring you pizza every single time you try to get them to do that . it 's very quick and the guy shows up holding pizza . you sign a little piece of paper , then you get to take the pizza , and then you eat it by putting it in your mouth and chewing it . you also have to swallow , but i ca n't explain how to do that - it just sortof happens . like just put the pizza in there and see how it goes and i bet it works out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect tasty pizza & excellent prices too i order a hand tossed pepperoni & pineapple pizza & it was delicious i also received excellent service from domino 's pizza", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered delivery and was rather impressed . worker on the phone took my order very kindly and ensured i had everything i asked for . delivery guy was very quick . surprised about the cost of the pizza , but it 's phoenix . everything is priced high .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "order took 55 minutes to complete and did n't even get at least an apology for the error and yet it was only two items and it had to take that long .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had my toilets back up and overflow at my rental property and travis with summit restoration responded promptly , was able to disinfect and refer me to an excellent abatement company for the demo as well as a plumber to come out and fix the plumbing issue . he referred summit 's sister company everest construction for the put back and i was extremely pleased with the friendly and trustworthy staff ! they treated me like family and took the time to listen and accommodate changes i wanted for both bathrooms . i highly recommend everest for any reconstruction repairs or remodeling you plan on having done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a flood in my house just a while ago ... i have to say summit took over and did an awesome job getting my home to looking even better than it did before the leak occurred ! ! they were prompt , courteous and each of the employees went above and beyond what they needed to do . they all made sure i was satisfied with the work and everything got done immediately . i highly recommend this group . what started out as a huge headache is now just a bad memory ... ..thank you summit ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had to have an extensive mold job done on my house . summit took care of everything start to finish and did a great job ! they made sure i was happy and informed the whole time . could n't have asked for a better experience in a horrible situation . i would recommend them for any restoration job that ever arises .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are not enough good words to descirbe this organization . no one wants to have water damage repaired , but they made it as good as it gets . from the initial phone contatct , to the initial home meeting to review the problem , to the great techs , it 's one of the best experiences we 've had in vegas in 40 years . efficient , courteous , knowledgeable , and clean beyond belief . their very high standards are apparent in all they do and it 's hard to imagine any area where they could improve . pride and care in their work shows in every thing they do . we would recomment them to anyone searching for a really trustworthy , reliable , and superior business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decently fast , good flavors and potion size . i just wish the had the noodle dishes for lunch . i had the teriyaki tofu bowl . fried tofu a few veggies and a bed of rice , i appreciated the light hand on the teriyaki sauce which was not too sweet at all and the hints of sesame oil .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "easily the best teriyaki in town ! it 's very affordable and generously portioned . service is as quick as possible for the size of the business , and the atmosphere is cozy and family-style . speaking of family , it feels good to support a local business . particularly since the menus is quite expansive for their limited staff ! the only complaint is that lunch rush means seating fills up very quickly and you may have to take your meal to eat outside or somewhere else . a small price to pay for the cheapest and tastiest lunch in tempe ! recommended dish : teriyaki bowl with extra vegetables . divine !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "edit : the service is actually pretty slow . but it is good here . great little place for good , cheap teriyaki . they 're not the fastest , but the staff is friendly and it 's not unbearably slow . the food is very good for the price . although the place is kind of small , its cozy and there is decent seating . the boba is n't the best . the boba itself is kind of chewy my taste and i taste a lot of sugar in the tea . but the flavor is n't bad . overall , it 's a nice plae close to campus - good for a between-class lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was good for its price . it is defeniy place where it gives you the college atmosphere . their lunch box menu is pretty simple . many people seems to get to go box because of the space limit . i would recommend this place to everyone if you are hungry . everything is under 10 so it is budget friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went back two more times and tried their chicken katsu bento , hawaiian shrimp and kal bee bento . i think my favorites are chicken katsu and kalbee so far . the portion of food you get for the price definitely wo n't leave you hungry . i actually had to eat my bento in phases so i can finish everything . i love the fact that the whole family are working there from ordering to making your food . a really nice and friendly place to relax and enjoy affordable good korean food . ca n't wait for them to extend their hours and add more korean dished on their menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently tried the spicy bulgogi rice bowl , and my post impression is that it satiated my hunger at the time , and the pork bulgogi had good spice and flavor , and for serving size they were generous . as for price , it was inexpensive and service was quick . my grievance is their milk tea size selection . there 's only one , and it 's a large . not a fan of being relegated to a large size drink , they should just stick with a small regular size and not be an enabler to growing waists .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fast , reasonably priced and decent quality when school is in session . had the chicken teriyaki bowl with white meat and found it generous in portion size and filling . i like it for lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really wanted to like this place but i was thoroughly disappointed . for starts , the service was bad . the guy taking our order acted as if we were a burden . we ordered passion fruit slush with boba , mocha slush with boba , teriyaki chicken bento , and a shortrib bento . it took about 30 minutes . the boba was garbage . the drinks were chalky , overly sweet with syrup and the boba was hard and tasted old . we tossed them in the trash immediately . the shortrib meat was mostly fat , what a ripoff . the teriyaki chicken was tough and dry , and the macaroni salad is like mystery mush . i 'm so sad and disappointed and will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome place ! ! lots of different food options and everything is pretty good . the boba drink options are the most i have ever seen and they are pretty good and worth trying . one of my go-tos here is the las vegas roll ( amazing ) or the orange chicken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , good service ! also pretty good prices . definitely recommend the chicken katsu and bulgogi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the one star is for location . that the only good part . the teriaki chicken bowl is nothing but fatty meat and over priced . the amount you get is so small and their brocolli isnt cooked . its practically raw . will never be taking my business here again . also , they seem to have no idea what customer service is .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've come in here a few times and i must say that it is delicious food at cheap prices . i got an entire teriyaki bowl and dumplings with a drink for under 7 dollars . decent atmosphere , it is usually quiet , so perhaps a good spot to get some work done as you eat . great place for lunch w friends . take out is always an option too . check it out if you 're in the mood for something asian and different .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this cozy express eatery offers primarily teriyaki bowls in chicken ( orange , katsu ) , beef ( bulgogi , l kalbi ) and rib from 4.99- $ 5.99 . bento lunches , which include macaroni salad , steamed rice and vegetables are only $ 1.50 more . the surprise hit here is the sushi rolls . there are only three kinds , but they are not only made fresh and are incredibly flavorful , but at $ 5.49 they are a delicious value . you absolutely have to try their version of the las vegas roll , with avocado and cream cheese combined with spicy crab and lightly tempura battered and fried , then drizzled with a sweet chili sauce . their assortment of smoothies ranging from coconut to guava , iced blended coffees , and boba teas is also notable . the seating area is small , the space is cramped overall , the air conditioning does not seem to be working well , but the staff is friendly and committed to their product - and it 's just a great place to come by for take-out or a quick bite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "paid for extra meat and veggies , went back when i opened the box to find neither . they just shrugged . it did n't help they did n't speak english . 10 dollars gone for a 5 dollar meal . thank grilled ave .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yay decent teriyaki near campus that i like better then the nearby paradise hawaiian got the katsu bento for 6.95 and friend got the teriyaki chicken sans bento for a dollar less . big portions - cheap - cool interior so far i 'm a fan of this restaurant row of grilled ave and gluttons ( oh yea its korean owned ! and you can draw on the walls like they do at the street boba )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "update- i 'm sad to say this but i 'm actually quite disappointed . i went yesterday during lunch and ordered a bowl ( half orange chicken and half teriyaki chicken ) . since i last ate here , they 've hiked the prices and the food is n't of the same quality anymore . the bowls are now $ 7..they used to be $ 5.50 . there were barely any vegetables . the orange chicken was lacking the sauce so i basically had dry breaded chicken . only one or two pieces had sauce on top . the teriyaki chicken was rather bland . my food was luke warm ; not hot . not sure if i feel like going back again . it used to be my favorite place around campus because of how affordable it was .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered a chicken teriyaki bowl on my lunch hour . the service was very fast . but in turn , that was not a blessing . the chicken was not tender , and tasted either over cooked or just old and dry . portion was decent , but overall flavor was n't impressive . chicken was cooked in a wok and not grilled . i would suggest yogi 's grill in place of this establishment .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best place for korean and japanese food on the go . great food , great prices . i 've gone here so many times and really love their chicken katsu bowl and bulgogi . all the food is made fresh and does n't take that long . only downside is it 's cramp and very small , so not ideal for big groups . but overall the place is amazing and serves some of the best japanese and korean food i 've had . if you 're an asu student , definitely go to this place ! lots of good food for a good price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good place for a cheap meal and centrally located close to mill ave and asu . i 'm a fan of the chicken katsu bowl- $ 5.50 and very filling . i 've also tried the hawaiian shrimp- breaded and fried served with a sweet and sour-ish dipping sauce . they were decent but i was a little turned off when i noticed some of the shrimp still had the poop-vein in them ... but hey , a little shrimp turd never hurt anyone , right ? but seriously , i ate them regardless and feel fine . they also sell candy and other sweets if you want some gummy burgers to go with your bento . yum !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was introduced to grilled ave by my coworkers . service and value are beyond compare . i always get the teriyaki chicken bowl . with tax it comes out to $ 5.45 and is enough food for 2 meals . the chicken is very tasty and the sticky rice is perfectly cooked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i honestly liked the place , it was cute in a cramped college loft kind of way ( do n't take large groups , there is n't much seating ) , my tariyaki bowl was good , if a bit over priced for what it was , and the potstickers were very good if you like them crunchy . however my boyfriends ramen was rather unforgivable . it was literally a .25 c top ramen noodle , spice packet and all , with a few veggies and pathetic tiny meat bits in it . the beef pieces were n't even the size of a split pea . we also got some boba teas that were pretty good , though their interpretation of thai tea is a bit different than any other thai places we 've eaten at . sorry to say we wo n't be coming back , we could have made the exact same thing at home in half the time for not even an 8th the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a family-owned korean restaurant . their kimchi is the best ! ! sometimes the wait is looong but i do n't care about the wait as the quality of food they serve is awesome . definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes to have delicious healthy lunch : - ) ^^", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great little place right near campus . seemed under the radar but i 've been going for over a year and they do n't disappoint . the katsu chicken is my favorite meal , sometimes with a side of hawaiian fried shrimp . the boba is what sells this place for me . their flavors taste great and are never watered down whether blended or on ice . black milk tea , thai tea , and taro are my favorites so far . definitely coming here even after i graduate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was good on my visits as described in my original review . however , i have found the bubble tea to take a dive in quality . it is far too sweet and contains about 90 % water sugar with little to no tea flavor . also , i always get met with confusion and hysteria when i ask for no ice . this is a completely normal request and i have never met this resistance at any other boba shop . i wo n't be getting tea here again , although i may go again for food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time back in a while . tried the split bento half orange chicken half teriyaki beef . had to pay $ 1 extra to split . portions we a decent size . price is great . less then $ 9 even with the extra $ 1 . service was great . seating are is very small . orange chicken was good . kinda tangy . better than the beef which was also kinda tangy for some reason . not even close to pei wei but not bad . side salad was typical asian salad . mixed greens with a vinaigrette .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was eating the new york sushi benti and i realized that tempe is not that bad . seriously , so so delicious ! i would live inside grilled ave if i could ! they make their macaroni salads with the tears of angels some pepper and some corn ! definitely the most redeeming factor of a dry ass , hot ass desert town . super bummed that they 're closed on sunday because i want to eat here everyday ! i want to live here everyday ! often is half the price of chipotle without the fckn corporate greed ! get fed without feeding the machine mannn ! - al", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here at noon during spring break . when i walked in , no one was there . i rang the bell on the counter . no one came out from the back . i waited and rang the bell again . nobody . i waited and rang the bell a third time . no one . i walked out having been unable to even find an employee much less place an order and try the food . pathetic .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to this place a few times and i really like their bentos , especially their macaroni salad . its really nice and not too greasy . they do take sometime to service your order but that is typical of a small place like this . i find the young girl at the counter very pretty and polite as well . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very impressed with this little place . have n't had good bugolgi since i lived in hawaii . meat was tender and had a lot of flavor to it ! macaroni salad was very good also . going to go back and try the kalbi and chicken katsu . young waitress was nice and polite . definitely going to keep going back to this place . i 'm happy and full right now . now time for a bicycle ride : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered a thai tea with boba and a teriyaki chicken bowl . the chicken was overcooked but they give you plenty . the boba was good but the tea was over sweetened . this place use to be a lot better a couple of years ago but it 's starting to go downhill . such a huge disappointment .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i found this place on accident earlier this semester . good food , service , and not crowded and noisy like panda express . works for introverts like me . i 've been coming here often lately and had the chicken katsu with the egg rolls which were bomb tasty . it 's the perfect spot to `` get away '' from the hustle n bustle of campus and to wind down . i like to draw on that big chalkboard they have .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've eaten here twice and it 's okay . the meat to rice ratio is kind of sad , and they 're not generous at all with the amount of boba in the boba drinks . the smoothie drinks themselves are all powder-based , i tried the avocado and it was yuck . the boba itself is alright , they were kinda harder than the average tapioca ball . however , this place does the trick if you 're hungry , but i 'd just go to paradise hawaiian bbq for the same type of food for better quality and value .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i come here often with my friends . this place is great if you are in the mood for rice and meat or boba . it is also good during asu football game days because it is close to devils on mill and the stadium . i love getting the bulgolgi bowl . it tastes delicious and is probably the best bulgolgi around the area that i 've tasted so far . the boba is not bad either . the fruity drinks are just okay , but the green tea and milk tea taste really good . you 'll usually get a mixture of hard and soft boba balls . the staff is nice , but sometimes hard to understand because they talk so softly and the place gets noisy a little with the ac on . there are not many seats , but you can also try upstairs or outside if there is no more downstairs . they have a bathroom upstairs too . i would definitely recommend coming here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food : amazing , absolutely delicious . my favorite is the new york roll and the teriyaki tofu . service : horrible . it 's not in a timely manner . once i ordered my usual , thai boba with teriyaki tofu ... they brought out my food really late , i waited over a half hour and there was n't many people there . also ... they forgot the tofu ! they brought my plate to me with just rice and greens but no tofu ... . how does someone forget a detail like that ? the service is horrible ... . but the food is worth it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my favorite place to eat around asu ! their chicken katsu is the best ! great atmosphere , quaint and sweet . very delicious sushi , salads , bowls and appetizers . ramen too ! i am always delighted to eat here . get their chicken katsu bento with seaweed salad ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is small , but it serves the purpose , so far i have only tried the teriyaki chicken and the new york sushi and they are actually really good . it is conveniently located near asu which is a plus for me since i have classes that are close by , so whenever i get hungry i walk a block and get a quick snack . also their boba drinks are amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the spicy pork bowl with a green boba matcha prepared by a family owned shop . perfect ! favors are much bigger than the seating space . has a tokyo `` elbows to elbows '' noodle shop vibe but the table outside on a day like today . 5 stars . i really enjoyed it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good spot walking distance from asu to satisfy my chicken katsu craving . i prefer the katsu here to that at paradise . the portions are generous and the katsu was made to order . one complaint is that my order took about 30 minutes , despite the lack of a crowd . not a bad choice if you do n't have any time constraints . friendly owners and employees .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found this place on yelp and wanted to check it out . i read the reviews before going and it turned out to be exactly like what the reviews said . their food is decent , but nothing to crave over . i get the katsu or bulgogi cause they give you a decent amount of meat . i never tried any of their milk tea drinks because i heard they were n't that great . it 's all powder according to a friend . price is whatever , i just go here sometimes when i want to eat something korean and i 'm still stuck on campus . only go here if you 're desperate !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quick and friendly . 1st time here . i feel like the chicken could have been fresher for the teriyaki meal . will come back and try something different .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i decided to check this place out because the numbers did n't sound too bad . $ 5 for a chicken teriyaki bowl . decent portion , i will say that ... .. however i can get the same stuff for $ 2 at # 1 sushi in metrocenter . also , they cook their food ahead of time , and scoop the rice and chicken out of containers . it 's okay , a little too dry for my taste , but by no means the worst i have ever had ... they are really nice though and the potstickers were great ... . they fry those to order .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "an adorable cozy cafe style family owned restaurant , portions are good ! and look and taste amazing ! and they have boba drinks ! ! ! 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found a place near campus that has some of the korean , japanese , hawaiian food i like . i got the katsu bento which was pretty good . the portion was good i was satiated after my meal . as far as quality it was n't anything memorable , but nonetheless it is probably a place i 'll frequent out of convenience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have had several rice bowls there including orange chicken and teriyaki chicken , and they were both awesome . portions are nice and big , and there is an awesome selection of items to choose from . the drinks are wonderfully varied as well , and i was even able to get iced coffee with bobba in it ! it was awesome . and also always check upstairs for the extra seating ! it 's really pretty up there : ) only drawback is closeness to the street , which can make you an unintentional hearer of misunderstandings between passer-byes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been going here since they opened . this place is a go-to for me when i want a cheap , delicious meal . i usually just get fried rice and a half-order of potstickers , which is enough food for my small appetite . the prices are great - about $ 3.50 for my order . the potstickers are crispy and come with a tasty vinegar-soy sauce . their fried rice is the bomb . it has small pieces of carrots , broccoli and onion in it , and the seasoning they use is so good plain , but i 'll usually throw a little sriracha and soy in it for my own personal tastes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do n't honor the yelp deal they have listed here . i ordered a plate ( bento ) and was n't offered my choice of sides even though they were listed on the menu , so make sure to ask for what you want as sides . ordered the chicken katsu and the teriyaki beef . the katsu tasted pretty good and the beef was alright . overall , the food is aesthetically pleasing and tastes okay for the price but a bit of a let down , even if i disregard the false advertising .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "actually ordered food from here this time . i got the fried sushi roll with lobster ( i ca n't remember the name ) , and it was pretty good considering this eatery does n't exactly specialize in sushi . also , if ordering a drink , or at least a milk tea , i personally recommend getting it blended , as opposed to iced , as last time my iced milk tea came out far too potent , but my blended milk tea today was far more suitable for my palate . the boba , however , was far too firm for my liking . warning : it can be a little pricey though , as a small -- although the cup itself is n't too diminutive in size -- milk tea is $ 4 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place , great food and service . chick katsu bento is the dish ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their prices are more reasonable and their staff friendlier ( at least the older individuals ) than paradise hawaiian , however , the quality is questionable . the teriyaki chicken is unusually tough leathery and the boba in their drinks are terribly starchy , clumped together , and at times , not completely cooked . the boba smoothies overall are over-icy and are simply just powder mixed with ice ( i 've watched them assemble it ) . i recommend their bulgogi or katsu bentos or ramen for first-time visitors . hawaiian shrimp is also good . their kalbi takes a while to cook but , it 's worth the wait . warning : they do n't serve macaroni salad on thursdays ( i do n't hold that against them ) . also , do not order the fried rice or the shrimp udon . they are frozen food items that they reheat ( if i might take a stab , the fried rice is the chicken yakitori you can find at the frozen section at costco ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best value by asu campus . fresh food , good size , great taste . cons ? very small inside , and sometimes there is a wait . spicy teriyaki chicken bowl is my go-to option here and it is ideal . so much more flavor than your average fast-food asian restaurant it just wakes up my tongue with flavor . just so you know , despite the name it is not very spicy at all . for about $ 7 bucks it 's the most food for your money you can get around campus , and the punch card gives a great incentive to come back for more . the bento is worth the few dollars extra i really like their macaroni salad it 's not mushy or generic like others . depending on the time and the day there can be a bit of a wait . seating is very limited too and not the kind of place you could sit and pass the time . but for lunch or to-go there is no asu place i 'd recommend more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for boba based on a review . i got avocado , it was pretty good but there really was n't much boba : ( a little disappointed", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice mix of korean , japanese , and americanized korean japanese . the bento versions are enormous and i usually go for the bowl sizes . it is on the small size ( but has a bit of space upstairs & outside ) and gets busy at lunchtime , so plan on take out if you do n't get there early . great flavors and nice folks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! not too pricey really nice and typically does n't take long at all . i go there atleast once a week and my wallet is n't complaining and my stomach is certainly thanking me every time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're around the brickyard this is a great place to get a meal i ca n't even begin to describe how hard it is to find good rice around asu . the chicken katsu is deliciously crispy and sliced super thin so its easy to eat on the go . the dish is a little heavy on the sauce , but overall its pretty good . i stop by this shop maybe once a week on the way to work and its worth a try . however if you 're looking for some real juicy korean bbq and lots of sides i 'd recommend paradise hawaiian down the street", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great boba , good teriyaki , and cute a location . i 've had the ramen and found it to be far too salty , but that 's ok , i know now to stick with the teriyaki or the bulgogi , which have never disappointed . it 's definitely my preferred boba spot in tempe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is decent to say the least . i only come here when i 'm desperate . i typically go to the nearby paradise hawaiian bbq for asian bbq and local dishes from hawaii . the chicken katsu is just ok and the same can be said about the teri plates . the prices are also decent . the service is spotty but this place is family run it seems so that 's understandable . they do not honor the current free drink after yelp check in deal . wish this place had better quality food and service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place , the food is amazing , it is run by a very nice , hardworking family , and the food normally comes out pretty quickly , however , it can get overly packed on some days and may take longer . overall this place is a great hole in the wall restaurant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here only once and had to stop and get a quick something . i was amazed at the prices and looking at everyones food it was big portions . sadly i only got the pot stickers with i got a dozen for like $ 2 ca n't go wrong with that . i must go back and have a real meal next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok place if you are a student on a budget , i suppose . i am usually a big fan of places like this , even though it 's been a few years since i 've been in school . cheap teriyaki , prepared fast . the only problem was that the taste was a bit underwhelming both times i went there - passable but not very memorable . worth a stop every once in while if you only have $ 6 in your wallet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the chicken teriyaki bento . nice sauce , grilled very well . the macaroni salad seemed to be pretty standard , and the `` veggies '' i got was little more than some salad mix with a ginger-y dressing . overall it was good , but i think a little overpriced for what it was . also , they did not honor the yelp check-in coupon for a free drink with entree that i attempted to use .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great little spot next to asu tempe campus . pretty fast w good quality food ! ( love their mac salad ) . much more affordable than the hawaiian spot down the street .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! the one guy does everything from taking orders to cooking to collecting money . but great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no matter your religion marvel , dc , indy or god forbid 20th century fox you will be welcome at drawn to comics . the staff manages to be knowledgeable without being condescending . that is important to me because about once a year i break down and relapse into my old comic book addiction . i do n't want some young geek ( i am an old geek ) mocking me because i did n't know the ff ff disbanded or the falcon was now captain america . at first glance you may discount their selection , but they do have lots of stuff in the back , if you do n't see it ask !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like comics , this is the place for you . tons of magazines to choose from and so much more . i stopped in here with comic-enthusiasts . i am a novice , but it was fun learning about the history of some of my favorite comic strip characters . the store is fairly large and there are a ton of things to select from . i think you will find it to be a very interesting place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ken and susan ( the owners ) are awesome . they take the time to learn the name and box numbers of everyone , which is crazy ! i 've been a customer for years and there is nowhere i 'd rather go on wednesdays ( the best day of the week ) . the staff is knowledgable and ridiculously friendly . they offer free bag and boards on all comics ( important to collectors ) , 20 % off new titles that week , 10 % off less new titles , 30 % off back stock , and military student discounts ! i admit the other stuff they offer is a bit cumbersome at checkout ( though probably appreciated by some , like 1 cent variants if you get a certain number of new comics ) . i highly recommend this personable , family owned business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great local comic shop hidden in old town glendale . as soon as entering this seemed like a comic shop that can be someone 's local shop . well stocked in basic comics and a variety of figurines . the one thing that i think really makes this place special is the guy who owns this place . he is super friendly with great customer service ; as soon as i walked in he introduced himself and shook my hand . he is also very knowable of all things comic . if you want to have a comic book guy that can help you find what you like or give you information when looking for something new i would definitely recommend drawn to comics .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great store . wonderful atmosphere . reasonable prices . everyone is so friendly . they talk to you like you 're a part of the family . i get really shy sometimes when people try to talk to me , but they do n't make me feel too uncomfortable . there is even a place for our two small children to play and choose their own comic books . we 've been looking around for a good comic book store since we moved here in 6 months ago . i think my husband and i have definitely found it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selections of the latest and greatest mags . the full-size surfer in the front window is cool to look at too . they keep arranging and re-arranging , meaning there is always something new to find .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an extremely friendly comic book shop . i was overjoyed to find such a great shop after moving to az . the owner is always very outgoing and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best comic shops in arizona . the staff is always friendly and willing to help you find anything and everything . if they do n't have it they 'll try to order it . ken is a wealth of knowledge . susan is super helpful and loves `` lock and key '' . daniel is all about the customer service . he loves trying to find the best books for all that come through the doors . jason loves superman ! and is a huge fan of the show community . chris is hilarious and loves to help everyone . gabe is all about batman ! if you 're in the area and looking for a great place to hangout and talk about almost anything , this is a great place . they always have great events planned . everything from book clubs to card games . they have signings and art classes whenever they can . ken does a great job of gathering local talent for all of they 're special events .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my best choice to purchase comics in arizona no doubt about ! awesome family atmosphere . ken brown and his staff are knowledgeable and often going out of there way to assist me . i appreciate that they offer discounts to students and military individuals , along with bagging and boarding every comic purchased from the new releases or back issue bins . they have a great selection of posters and collectibles as well for sale . i like the fact that they often get involved with the community to have activities like `` free comic book day '' or collecting food for food banks or packages to send to military overseas . this place is a finalist for eisner ( think the grammys for comics ) shop of the year award just about every year . this constantly place exceeds my expectations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the customer service alone is worth the five stars . by the third time i went there they already knew me by name . the selection is fantastic . the store has moved into a new space that opens it up and allows you to move more freely . they have hundreds of comics and dozens of toys . they offer a 10 percent discount for students and military personal . ken knows more about comics then any human should . i 've recommended this to my friends and they fell in love with it too . i 've been to several comic book stores and this is the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best comic book shop in arizona ! ! wall to wall comics and figures . clean great shop that welcomes you right away . it 's the best place to hang out because everyone is willing to talk comics and film . if you 're in town , make the trip over here , you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot right onthe conner in downtown glendale . must visit its awesome ! everyone is nice and the service is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! they are all about helping their community and comics of course ! you ca n't help but to like the creativity , as this is not your normal comic book store . ken and his family are great ! this place is worth the trip even if you do n't live in glendale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! ! ken ( the owner ) is awesome , always greets his customers and will always answer your questions . as far as his merchandise , he has great attention to deal . back issues are in tip top shape , bags and boards all new stuff as well . just a cool place ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "literally the best comic book shop in all of arizona . great selection of anything you 're looking for and the owners are the most genuine nice people in the business . it 's great walking in and having everyone know your name and treat you like family . there 's always a sale of some sort too . if you 're into pop culture , comics , or toys this place is a must stop for anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "right away i was greeted by the owner , i am sure we looked lost . the people shopping inside were just as nice as the people working . they had a large selection of kids comics which is what we were looking for and the reason we will go back . i love being able to help out locally own shops too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son and i happened upon drawn to comics while visiting downtown glendale last week . the staff was very friendly and greeted us as we went in the store . the store itself was very comfortable and was packed with not only comics , but toys , collectibles , clothing and even had a nice upstairs gaming room . the knowledgeable staff took the time to ask us what we were interested in seeing , and helped us find a few books . the owner was very friendly and even though we only bought a few books took the time to introduce himself when he checked us out . even though i do n't live in glendale i will go out of my way to shop at drawn to comics again . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! been comic shopping here for 3 years and i always feel welcome . ken and susan are the nicest owners ! if your a comic collector or pop culture fan stop by !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far one of my favorite comic book stores . only criticism is the staff will hardcore ignore you if they 're already talking to others . typically wait about 15 min to be acknowledged . i 'm in and out , not a browser so 95 % of my time is spent waiting in line and the customers do n't care either as they go on and on . however staff is warm and friendly once you finally get talked to . lots of geeky events here throughout the months and overall year . wide selection , good amount of room .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for almost 3 years now . i use pubic transit and live in central phoenix and never think twice about the bus ride required to drop in ! i am always greeted with smiles . ken has no hesitations taking time to fill me in on new old titles , letting me know what story arcs i am behind on , etc . great selection of comics , trades , and figurines . if they do n't have it and you want it , they will find it . ken has even sold me stuff out of his own collection before ! it 's the corner stone to any trip i make to downtown glendale . allways worth the trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great comic book shop , the employee who was there was very helpful and knowledgeable . lots of great things to see and many collectibles to snag as well . prices were a bit higher than i would like unfortunately on the collectibles but i can understand that . overall i would come back to grab some figures soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "helpful people , great selection of comics , lots of extra goodies , and most importantly , a brony friendly environment . i promise that i 'll come by when you 're not having a sale of some kind .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ken the owner is one of the nicest guys you will ever meet . he 's not pushy , does n't act like you 're an idiot if you do n't know much about comics and always tries to greet you and shake your hand when you come in . i never carry cash but i always make a mental note to have it when i go there so he will keep every penny i give him and wo n't have to pay the credit card companies . all i got ta say is if i ever win the lottery , ken is going to run out of inventory so fast ! ! it 's a great big store , plenty of toys and comics and even clothes and great sodas . this is the place to be and honestly one of the few places i actually like in downtown glendale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great shop , prices seems reasonable . good trade selection . staff was friendly . have a good selection of back issues and some other uncommon stuff . pretty well rounded shop . nothing bad to report but did n't blow me away . will probably be coming back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a great shop . the owner is very knowledgeable about the product and loves to strike up a friendly conversation with whoever enters the store . the store has a solid modern and silver age back stock . you can get a good deal here because the owner gives great discounts to box holders and bag boards every issue for free . the store is clean and bright with lots of toys and cool prints on the walls . the owner prides himself on creating a family atmosphere which is evident by the variety of people who enter the store . just look for the life-size silver surfer display in the front window and come on in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! they really helped me out in getting a birthday present for my younger brother . he has been wanting `` emperor doom '' for ages now , and they helped me order it so he could have it . awesome customer service and great selection . if they do n't have it , they will order it for you : ) fantastic local shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started at samurai comics off of 107th and moved over to drawn to comics one far drive but worth it especially for an avid collector who also likes to talk to people . best customer service in a shop i have been to and i have been to most of the shops in phoenix . got ta say i love this place.. 11 outta 10 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drawn to comics is the best comic store i have ever frequented . i was once a box holder at atomic comics , however after 2 deployments in the marine corps , they had over 20 comics missing from my collection and an additional 25 of issues i had never requested . the folks down at drawn to comics corrected the mistakes of atomic comics at cover price ! they are a veteran friendly company and i am always greeted by name whenever i visit . no matter how obscure the request i put in , they always find what i am looking for . i think it is safe to say that if i were to leave the az area , that i would pay them to ship my comics to me , because they will be right every time , no question . if you love comics , no matter how obscure ( tank girl , haunt , ect ) they have it , or they will bend over backwards to get them for you . to include toys aswell . i am very happy to call drawn to comics my comic shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection of comic books . in a good location , too . afterwards , you can walk around and have lunch at a nearby restaurant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop is great ! lots of comics and figures . not too small either it 's actually pretty big . all the staff were very nice and helpful . i recommend checking it out because it is definitely worth your time . there are comics for kids too if want to bring your family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drawn to comics is simply the best , we can not emphasise how friendly the owners ken and susan brown are as well as the rest of the staff . anytime i am there we are greeted and promptly asked if there is anything they can help with . they always have a very good selection of comics for any age , and the knowledge to suggest new reads if your looking for something new . they are also very involved in events in the downtown glendale area . ever since we first walked into this store i have felt that i was part of the drawn to comics family and have been treated as such since then . if you have n't yet , you need to stop in and meet these wonderful folks and experience this yourself . no need for me and my family to consider going anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited the restaurant next door and decided to stop in here on our way out . very friendly and way better service than the restaurant we just ate at . they welcomed us like family and made you feel right at home . nice decor and fun to be in . everyone we encountered went above and beyond normal service just to make sure we were satisfied . my daughter and i just went in to look but ended up purchasing a few items . they really made it worth the time we spent there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service . once i walked in i was greeted and given a run of the store . i visited az and since i 'm an avid comic book reader i like to visit comic book stores in each city i visit . the customer service alone gave this place 5 stars but it is pretty big and filled with great stuff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy smokes . i went to this comic shop today and was blown away by both the helpful staff and the selection , which is arranged in a sensible way so it 's easy to find what you 'd like .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff here is extremely helpful and most importantly knowledgeable . the prices are good and if they do n't carry something - they can usually order it . my girls have recently shown an interest in comic books and the staff here has always been great with them . we have placed special orders and have received them in a timely manner . their selection of art work by artist is great . i love coming here and bringing my kids .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has such a welcoming and relaxed energy . i love it . the staff was awesome and extremely friendly . susan and robert were great ! i opened up a subscription box on my first visit : ) . selection seems okay ( i did n't get a chance to see it all ) , and it seems that you would love this shop if you 're a marvel or dc fan . grooviness !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite comic shop in glendale hands down . these guys love comics and the store shows . the store is extremely organized which is huge for me as i like to find what i want and go . they have everything you could want from comics , trades , local comics , and action figures . the staff is always extremely helpful as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the first comic store went to that was so freaking pleasant . the employees were engaging , they wanted to help & they strived to get the customers what they needed . and not only that , but organized . wow ! this shop is not close to us but i can see us making the trek over just to visit this place , it really is a diamond in the rough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we live in st. louis but visit the phoenix area about twice a year . drawn to comics is always a must do visit ! they are always so very kind and helpful . i feel like they go out of their way to help , without being pushy . absolutely love this place ! ! ! thank you for always being so sweet to my little guy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic comic book shop . all the employees are incredibly knowledgeable and the owners are just genuinely nice and caring people . the shop itself is also great , organized and very clean . they have a huge selection of current issues and back issues and anything they do n't have they will personally order for you and offer a discount on it for you . great place and my favorite comic shop by far .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the absolutely best comic book store i 've ever been to . they have great stock , a lot of their books come with boards and bags . well organized , great discounts and the staff is friendly . love the owner and his family , they 're friendly and remember people even though they 're super busy . they have a big free comic book day event every may . locally owned and operated , support the little guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "number one store in phoenix hands down . ken is always ready to talk to you about comics , tv , or movies . and the discounts at this place are outstanding - 20 % off new releases , .01 variants when you buy 5 or 10 comics on release week , 10 % military discount or student discount . free bag and board . how can anyone beat that ! make mine drawn to and add it to my box .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best comic book store . i have never met an owner of a business as passionate and knowledgeable about their products . if you look up customer service in the dictionary it should say ken brown next to it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a helluva comic shop . great selection , great pricing policies , and great service . i will be passing shops to come to this one on a regular basis . if you are a comics fan and you are n't coming here , you are missing out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so great . i was visiting from ca and was trying to complete a set that i 've been tracking down and they were super helpful and had two issues ! great place . i 'll definitely be back next time i 'm in town . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the single greatest comic shop in az . the staff and owner , ken are awesome . every time i walk in i feel ike i 'm home and surrounded with friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people here are so helpful my son loves this place . they always give him some free comics and he can always walk out with comics he buys as well . the comic book store by our house closed so it 's nice to find another one near us and have amazing deals . a must go place when in downtown glendale", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not the bigest comic book store i have been to but they do have a lot of comics . the staff is very pleasant and has a good atmosphere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great selection of comics and other related merchandise went in to get an issue of dead pool before seeing the film and get ideas for my sons birthday . staff was extremely helpful", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! the owner is absolutely the nicest guy around and he makes quite the effort in remembering who you are , what comics or characters you like and your opinion on what is going on in the shop . the fact that it moved into a larger building is is quite exciting since now they can expand even more and ken can squeeze even more unique and original product in . they regularly attend geek-awesome events like phoenix comicon and arizona amazing con in addition to being members of local first arizona which supports efforts in helping shoppers understand why shopping locally is so important to our community and how vast the positive effects are . the collectible action figure selection is awesome , posters are prints that can be hard to find elsewhere and the comics themselves always have me discovering something new . i am a customer for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best comic store in az . great selection and the staff are very nice and knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they say business is about people , well this place is the quite welcoming . their staff are crazy friendly and even seem genuine , who knows that could be part of their secret identity cover : ) this is the holy grail of comics ! apart from the massive collection of current comics and back issues , the owners sell shirts and merchandise , posters . now the icing on the cake is the local artists drawings of characters on the walls , which are sold at a reasonable price . might possibly be the overall best comic shop in phoenix ! `` asgardian out , cough cough for midgard ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is definitely my favorite comic book store and one of my favorite places in downtown glendale . for the amount of space there is an awesome selection of comics and good pickings in the dollar box . i really like the atmosphere - nice layout - comfortable lighting . what really makes this place stand out is the service . friendly and knowledgeable . even walking in for the first time i was treated like an old customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owners are great people , huge inventory and great prices , keep going back to this place and always find something new !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this old classic shop ! ! ! lots of comics and toys to pick from ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owners are so cool . they always have good recommendations and are very knowledgable when it comes to the more obscure independent graphic novels . i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for good reads , old and new . very kid friendly as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely my favorite place in phoenix , and i have been all over the valley . always excellent customer service . very knowledgeable staff . all around best place if your an avid comic reader collector . please do n't miss this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just on a whim , we stopped in here . wow , they have a lot of stuff . not my cup of tea , but for those into this , i could see that this was the place to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are very organized with lots to see and consider in comics and collectibles . staff is friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ive been working out with doug for a few years . i have lost over 30 lbs but also have learned to love working out and staying healthy . he is an amazing trainer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love working out at j & d fitness . doug is very knowledgeable and passionate about his work . there is always a positive energy in his challenging workouts . doug is very aware of the individual challenges of his clients and adjusts the workouts accordingly . trx , sand bag and kettle bell make for a great workout . i am stronger and have an `` increase in motion '' that i have n't had i since i had knee surgery 30 years ago . it is very obvious that doug loves what he does and genuinely cares about his clients reaching their fitness goals . doug is an awesome trainer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i workout my my friend dougie , he 's the best trainer because he understand all different fitness levels of his clients . there 's never a no i ca n't , it 's always i 'll try and do my best . our classes have become not just a workout , but a great support group of friends that we all ca n't wait to see each other . we 're getting stronger together ! we rock it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been working out at this place for a month and love it . i did 21 day trial and i think you get 17 times . then i signed up for unlimited for the year with no hesitation . doug is a great guy and very professional . this staff is fantastic . i have injuries and challenges and they work around it . everything is customized whether you have one person or a full slate of six in a class . usually its 3-4 . all the classes are great they keep you interested and there 's never a dull moment . your heart rate gets up your whole body gets worked and you really feel accomplished when you leave . it 's very rewarding . it 's well organized . and leading-edge . i highly recommend this to anybody . i have worked out with personal trainers that i thought were great so my bar was high . this is as good as it gets and the cost structure is half of what personal training can be . although that is offered there as well of course", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ah yes ! another favorite place on the west side i thoroughly enjoy killing time at . the architecture of the building is modern with crazy geometrically shaped windows and vast open spaces . did i mention it has art exhibits they change up from time to time ? they also have various mediums to check out too : books , audio books and dvds . with their free wi-fi , this where i 've spent countless hours studying for school -- since there 's no way i 'd get anything done at the comfort of my home . lastly , the staff is always friendly and willing to help you with anything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today , i went to the sahara library at 4:00pm to renew my library card . the worker at the cashier desk spoke to me in a very rude manner . she 's a senior citizen , overweight , and reddish hair in a ponytail . she is an instigator . she kept saying things to me to try to make me upset . this lady is too rude , too slow and too old to work in customer service ! i 've been going to the sahara library for 8 years because its my neighborhood library . i never had a problem with the staff until now . she needs to be reported .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place feels really comfortable to me . i love the building . i have n't had any problems with the staff . the library is fairly quite ; a really nice place to study !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found the first thing that i do n't like about this library . you ca n't use library computers to download the emedia software , really sucks if you do n't have a personal computer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have bad back problem so i would prefer to sit somewhere that has good support , i found some couch with good cushions in teens room , i know i 'm not a teenager , but the room was quite empty , so i just sat there at a corner by myself crocheting not bothering anybody , then this security guard kindly ask me to get out since this is for teenager only , wow really ? if it 's me they are worry about causing problem or just simply that i 'm not a teenager , maybe they should worry about those teenagers first and not me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my local library . it 's the closest thing to my house to run away to and study . just wish they stayed open later , especially on sundays , to accommodate college student study hours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to this library since i was a little kid , and i have to say that this is my favorite library in las vegas by far . sahara west 's outer design looks modern , and the place is clean and neat . not only that but the lighting inside is nice , and the interior is comfortable and roomy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my kind of library ! very well organized and a pretty nice place to relax . i love their book store and i 'm glad i found a place where i can find good books for a reasonable price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family got a huge plate to share and it was n't too bad ! it 's new i think so we did n't really know what we were going to get . i thought the rolls were fresh and the plater was beautiful . the menu is big and they have a nice lunch menu . with specials and combos . we placed an order to be delivered at 7pm and they were there on time . you pay in advance . i would order again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there for lunch . they have lunch special which is a good thing . i took the chicken katsu but i should have taken sushi . the chicken was ok . it tasted like kitchen . the rolls that come with it were not that great . i was with someone who took the sushi . i will be honest and i regret not taking those . they looked fresh with the right amount of rice . i 'll try those next time and update my review accordingly", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great little family run sushi place in central montreal . guys who work there are really nice . fluent in both english and french . prices seemed pretty cheap and food was very fresh . give it a shot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great sushi bar . we picked up some freshly made sushi , and they were delicious ! i would highly recommend this place , the gentlemen serving us was very nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always love my choices here . the young proprietor runs an excellent biz . the good variety of ingredients are really fresh , portions are very good and the rolls are tasty and creative .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3am , and a night filled with way too many drinks , way too many bets , and great times with friends and family . where to get a greasy fix ? fatburger . this one is located within the red rock casino resort , and is open to fill your needs 24 7 . the big fat deal with cheese and fried egg was heavenly , especially considering the state of mind i was in . nice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yelp says they 're open 24 7 , and their sign & website says they 're open until 4 am - but the guy working had the audacity to say they were closed and act like he was doing me a favor by firing up the grill at 3 am . likely story , dude . quit graveyard if you 're too tired or lazy to do it . this was literally one of the only places open at 3 am that was n't a bar and i 'm not 21 so sorry i 'm hungry dude . i 'm sure fat burger would n't appreciate this guy acting like they 're closed when they are n't . he had the lights turned off and was in the back hiding , an hour before they were supposed to close . he said they closed 45 mins ago , and i said they needed to update their hours in that case . will not waste my time during late hours again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food took too long ... ..and ... . when we got it one burger was wrong other was cold . onion rings not cooked well either . we asked for our money back and went to jack in box instead this place was a joke for the price and they had smart ass comments when we told the what was wrong", "score": "1"}
{"review": "seriously i could have killed a cow and cooked my own burger faster than my one order came up ... i have to say the burger was good tho , when i actually got it ... all the stuff seemed very fresh . if you 're in a hurry ... do n't bother ... got time to burn , give it a whirl : )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have hot dogs here ! perfect for the kids . burgers are good too . fatburger is located at the food court inside the red rock casino . they recently took over johnny rockets . convenient to get the kids a quick bite before going in to see a movie .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok ... after you lose thousands of dollars at the casino , you can always run to fatburger for cheap eats . it 's just too bad that it does n't do a good job of cleaning the loser taste out of your mouth . the junior fat does n't nothing for an appetite and the steak fries are ... well , just fries . nothing spectacular about this place . avoid it if you can .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fatburger in red rock is one of my consistent sanctuaries in las vegas . usually i am here babysitting my grandmother during the weekly drawings on the weekends . the wonders an order of fat fries with cheddar and a chocolate shake can do for your soul is wonderous . ^_^", "score": "4"}
{"review": "burger is pretty good . but they charged for ranch witch is on the free menu also charged $ 1 to cut my burger in half . wtf a dollar to cut the burger and did n't even tell you it cost a dollar . $ 2 dollars for cheese and in the pics it has cheese on it . but will definitely say the burger is good . customer service a little lousy though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when it comes to beef i am very pick ( only because i do not eat it a lot and when i do it has to be a decent quality ) . i went here using a groupon and i wish i could get my money and my time back . it was the worst tasting hamburger ever . it is very overpriced and i will never go here again . it took everything in me to eat most of my hamburger ( only because i am not a fan of wasting food ) . usually when a person is hungry just about anything taste good . when i arrived here i was starving and i still could not finish it . i will not be coming back here ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fat fail ! by far one of the worst fatburgers i have been to . four people working , yet could n't seem to produce burgers at a speedy efficient rate . we waited forever . asked to `` dine in '' yet our food was packed up to go and we had to retrieve it . watched my burger made incorrectly twice . and then when i finally got it my onions were hardly `` grilled '' and the meat was pink and the patty not pressed properly . cheese halfway off the patty and wrapped around the bottom bun . far too busy socializing ! no loyalty programs ! ! as a fatburger gvr regular i was very disappointed when i was told i would not receive punches on my loyalty card . another gvr plus is : bring your receipt back within two weeks and receive free fries with your burger purchase . no such luck here . give your regulars a reason to be loyal to you and they will . i expected far better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have to add this : on more than one occasion we 've seen the cooks handling buns right after touching raw meat without washing hands or changing gloves . not safe !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i found this place surprisingly good . the only other time i had eaten at a fatburger my experience was n't great , so i did n't know what to expect when i bought a meal here before a movie at red rock . the burger was very tasty and filling , and the staff was very friendly and helpful . i would definitely eat here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live in the area and i had a serious burger craving a couple hours ago . every time my boyfriend and i go to red rock casino , he gets fatburger so i decided to give it a shot . our cashier was clearly miserable with her life and it was everyone else 's fault , apparently . the burgers were not timed with the fries , by the time we got our burgers , they were cold . fries were bland and unseasoned . i got the thousand island burger and there was barely any thousand island on it . both of our burgers were dry and to top it off , something was wrong with the soda machine . the syrup in the coke was running out so we gave it back and got an iced tea instead . that also tasted weird . i 'm all set with eating here again . if you 're at red rock and want something in the food court , you 're way better off with the yummy fish taco place or capriottis ( i think i 'm spelling that right ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just horrible . i 'm waiting on a simple order and i ordered it at 9:45pm and they told me it 'll be ready in about 10-12 minutes . mind you there was one other person in line who was behind me and she received her order before mine and they still got her order wrong . they messed up one of my burgers so it had to be remade . oh btw , i 'm working for postmates so this is a delivery order and it 's going on 20-25 minutes now when there is no other freaking order besides mine ! they should really consider hiring new employees because all i see is just workers standing around with their thumbs up their rear end with faces full of attitude . do not eat here ! ! ! ! ! so after waiting 25 minutes i got fed up and went to the counter and the freaking food was just sitting there and they could care less .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was amazing like it always is but your host name tanya with an employee number 86 has a horrible attitude and really upset my wife after having an amazing night at the red rock casino .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food here is greasy and not worth it ! the fries also were n't seasoned . 3 stars for the nice cashier .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "totally unimpressed . they did n't even make the burger as i ordered it . i was the only person in line , and they rushed me to take my order . then got it wrong . way over-priced .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ate here twice the past week . ok , not great . cheeseburger was good . expect to wait for food which is fine , they cook to order so your burger is fresh . thick fries were nothing special . staff here are great . extremely friendly and courteous . staff gets 5 stars !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here once for your curiosity and once because i was dragged here . fat burger is mediocre at best . its overpriced and takes wayyyy too long to get your food . in n out kills this place and is almost have the price . i would rather go to burger king or carls jr and those places are shit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this one is inside the red rock casino food court . very nice staff who asked me if i was seeing a movie and gave me a 10 % discount because of that . so if you 're coming here , grab your ticket first and then order to save yourself some dough . the burger came out promptly and was great too - as usual . i like mine with everything on it but you have a choice to pick and choose what you want on yours . a value for your money !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got our order wrong and ubereats driver had to wait for them to fix it . then it turns out the order was still wrong . i did n't eat the item they messed up on so it was a waste of time and money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on a 4 night trip to red rocks ate here twice ! medium burger with cheese and all the fixings and still could not finish it . exceptional burger- freshly made . when you order they give you a number on a stick and bring out your order . cheese fries were tasty . free refills on soda . come hungry- these burgers are ' fat ' ! a little pricey but worth every penny ! a quick and fast meal between gambling , bingo sessions or before or after a movie . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great burger ! i asked for ketchup and mayo for the base . the people working there did a great job . the grill is nice and clean and it hit the spot . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay , i admit it . i did n't eat here ... but i can still review ( & update later ! ) i was waiting in line to get an application ... wait time : est . 15 min. ? ! no joke , redrock is always poppin'.. especially lunch time . as an interested to be employed , i was keen on the chemistry of the workers . they are nice . individually speaking.. but it gets so busy that they lose the camaraderie feel as a team . like factory line robots.. that cook burger meals . anyway , i 'm sure the food 's good.. it sure smelled like it . but to be part of the workforce with fatburger.. i 'll try in-n-out instead .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "$ 13 for a disgusting veggie patty , fries that were stale and beyond greasy , and an iced tea . puhlease . so , so , sooooo bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible service . ordered a plain hamburger at 7:16 pm . at 7:30 pm they had n't even put it on the grill ( needless to say there was nothing on the grill for about 10 minutes ) . not sure where the disconnect is between the cashier and the cook who is 8 feet away . everyone is complaining and the customer in front was waiting even longer . samantha did nothing about it until people started demanding a refund . said she was sorry and could n't give a reason why everyone 's food was so delayed . 7:43pm we got our plain hamburger . corporate please help before this location fails ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is okay . i figure anyone could probably make this hamburger at home . nothing really special about it . if all you like is a lot of meat on a burger this may be the place for you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "during christmas break i tried fatburger for the first time . it was simply amazing . the burger was moist and one of the best i have ever consumed . i was kind of reluctant about eating in a food court at 10:00 p.m . but was not disappointed . i had the original with fries . next time i 'm in vegas i will return . much better than a shake shack , in and out and five guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first burger during the day was a little on the dry side , but still tasty . next burgers were at 5am , and ordered the `` baby fat '' this time . basically a smaller burger . these were very tasty and good . the steak fries are also a nice addition to any burger meal . btw , this location is open 24 7 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheers to the saturday late late night cook ! the chili i like to order is mild for me so i asked him for the tabasco since it was put away . he knew what i really wanted and went back to get me diced jalapenos ! best chili there ever ! smile", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is inside the red rock casino food court , near the movie theater . the staff was friendly and they made your burger to order . they cam pretty close on the beef . you can get a very large burger with lots of toppings on it . my favorite is the fried egg , although my egg was bit undercooked which made it runny , resulting in quite a messy burger . i ca n't imagine trying to eat one of these burgers with chili on it as well . the seasoning on the burger was bit unusual but i really liked it . i think other locations of fatburger do a better job . this one is just a food court version . a vegetarian `` burger , '' a chicken sandwich and a turkey burger are also available if you want something a little lighter . the skinny fries are pretty tasty as well . good eatin . if you are staying at the hotel you can not charge your food to your room which is a little annoying .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good fast food burger . i just was ticked off there was nothing else open at a casino ( red rocks ) at 11pm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is okay , but i admit i enjoy the green valley ranch location better . ifind they make the burgers way way way too salty , but on the upside they will chargrill your burger if you ask , which i always do . i like the flavor of the char on the burger when it gets grilled in that manner than on the fryer they use normally . honestly , if you 're in red rock casino and you want a burger , you should be going to lbs instead of here , it is miles better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "every time i feel like and old fashion greasy burger , this location seems to fill that urge ! the xxl with thick cut fries never seem to disappoint . probably one of the best and more consistent burgers with so much flavor you ca n't go wrong except for the price ( $ 18 ) for the combo . groupon had one of the best groupons for this location , but they were probably losing money with it . hands down best shake in the near area and always consistent with haagen daz ice cream !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fitlife is a small , personal fitness facility with excellent staff and a strong following . a very comfortable setting where you can receive either one on one personalized training , or workout on a self paced program with assistance as needed . they also specialize in training athletes , both professional and youth , so it 's never a dull environment ! i have been there for about 8 years and find it useful and effective to keep my other workouts more focused .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been training at fitlife for over ten years . the trainers are very personable and attentive in addition to being extremely knowledgable and up to date on all the latest techniques and approaches to fitness . it is a good place regardless of your age or skill level and can help meet anyone 's personal fitness goals . the trainers are also very good at working with individuals that have what might be considered obstacles to their optimum fitness level . i 've enjoyed my experience at fitlife and consider myself a lifetime member .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started coming to fit life several weeks ago with my fianc\u00e9 and am very happy with my experience and results thus far . john , craig and nick have made me feel comfortable and push me to a limit within my level of fitness . they are attentive and conscientious , aware of my fitness goals and offer motivation and support . i attend sessions twice weekly and they are always able to accommodate my schedule . i highly recommend fit life for anyone seeking fitness training !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very accepting workout facility . it 's affordable , even for me being a full time college student plus a full time job . somehow i fit the time to work out . they have modern equipment , trainers that are willing to assist you if needed . you can either have a plan where your on your own working out or you can have a trainer show and assist you . the trainers are able to ease pain in your body and recommend doctors if they think it 's needed to . they have yoga , strength , conditioning , agility , and weight loss training available . it 's a very fun and you feel the burn every body part that got a work out . these guys are fun and not like la fitness and life time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to work out ! the staff are all certified professionals who can help you reach your fitness goals in a healthy way . they 'll push you to improve while providing a friendly and comfortable environment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the mac & gaydos show is without question the worst show on radio . these guys have no class what so ever . today our community buried a fallen police officer shot in the line of duty while responding to a burglary call . the officer was 50 years old with a few young kids and has given his entire life to protect and serve our community . yet , mac & gaydos today ridiculed the closure of hwy 51 for 1 hour . they made a big issue out of nothing . it was in very poor taste and has turned me off of ever listening to this station again . poor form ktar ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the day radio shows have gotten worse ever since darrell ankarlo left due to his car accident injuries . bruce st. james is a moderate left leaning . the afternoon guys are both atheists . ktar has turned liberal . i only listen to am 550 now .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my whole family loves to listen to this station . from my 8 year to my 14 year old all request this station when in the car . they were specially fond of mac and gaydos , we have been listening since before they became a duo . unfortunately we have started listening to another station in the afternoon in order to avoid their show . it just seems like they are trying too hard now and are just pulling stupid $ & @ out of their @ $ $ . some of the assumptions they come up with are just ridiculous and far fetched , i feel embarrassed for them just listening . this is specially true for gaydos . i think they have had a good run but it 's time for a replacement . the 3 stars is for the rest of the earlier shows , we still listen to those .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am so sick and tired of them saying they are not republican or democrat . they mention this and then say , up next our weekly call with jan brewer . they love megan mccain . give it a rest , you are right leaning . if you were honest about it , it would be fine because there is nothing wrong leaning left or right but just be honest .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they started this thing they call , '' news expansion , '' where they tout `` no commercials . '' but that 's not really true . rme , howard air , breyer law , are all broadcast as sponsors . so wtf ? when a formerly trusted news source starts to do something , they stated that they would not , can they be trusted to report other things accurately ? i think not . try npr for unabridged news and weather . zero commercials ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the news segments are ok but bruce st james makes those commentaries discussions hard to take . his high-pitched and often shouted rants make fingernails on a blackboard seem like a day at the spa . the content of what he 's actually saying is lost in his stuttered , frenzied delivery . calm down bruce , use level tones and then i 'll listen to your opinion .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mac and gaydos are the two biggest racist one sided cowards ive ever heard on the radio waves ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love me some mac and gaydos ! they are funny and deliver the news that we need . ned and connie in the mornings are great too ! they have a fantastic dynamic together and help me smile while waking up ( not a fan of monica who does the entertainment news but she 's only on twice an hour quickly in the mornings . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i very much enjoy listening to bruce st james . very funny and comes up with some great points . reminds me a lot of adam carolla who i miss very much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved here 11 yrs ago ktar was very vood but i am done with ktar when you have a talk show called reality check when this moran has no reality . he would never be allowed on any other station . he does not know law . he does not have any reality . he us a un educated radical .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always listen to this station . all the host are pretty entertaining ... bruce st. james and mac and gaydos are probably my favorite ... . and who does n't like dave ramsey ? ! i totally need to read his books ... then only thing i dislike about the station is the syndicated glenn beck show ... he talks too much religion , but whatever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have moved to am thanks to the whining and non-stop berating of our leaders . bruce is pitiful . i dont know how she can stand to listen to him . mac and gaydos have gone off a cliff of self righteousness that is unforgivable for new persons . pathetic .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ktar is n't `` live and local '' anymore , which was their tagline when they moved to fm . regrettably , the station 's only local talk worth listening to these days is the thursday 'war room ' segment of mac & amp ; gaydos ( w pat mcmahon , gayle bass , et al ) and weekend hosts like jay lawrence and tony femino . let 's just hope bonneville does n't outsource its local weekend programming to syndicated shows .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only people that deserve to work at this station and worth listening to are mac and gaydos . the rest are amateurs who provoke as much thought as a 5 year old , especially bruce st. james with his `` eeelclcccccjcchchchchh '' and his `` no ifs ands or buts '' and his constant need to be total opposite of `` popular opinion '' and his ridiculous justifications of it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was the worst decision i ever made in my entire life . dr. hiatt performed on me a tummy tuck leaving me with a big and deep indentation of 2 inches long where the stitches go in the middle of my abdomen and a belly button that is too high . i also had liposuction on my neck , jawline and arms . the result was significant irregularities and depression of the skin as a consequence of dr. hiatt inattention to detail . the unevenness , lumpiness and disfigured neck and lower face made me very uncomfortable to be in front of people because they keep staring at this area . this last procedure it really changed my life for the worst and i wish i never had it done . i consulted the best plastic surgeons in orange county and beverly hills with the same results : there is nothing they can do to make it look better . no a day goes by that look at myself in the mirror and cry . dr. karl hiatt ruined my life .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. hiatt is a superb physician that gives great care . he has come to my family 's aid for numerous injuries requiring his expertise . dr. hiatt has great bedside manner and his staff is kind and knowledgable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had been thinking about fixing an augmentation procedure i had done many years ago with a different doctor . cost , possibility of being disappointed again , as well as time and effort were all part of my contemplation . today i am 1.5 weeks past having my procedure done and i am thoroughly ecstatic . i can state , honestly , to future prospectors that all my concerns were put to rest . the cost was totally reasonable , dr. hiatt truly heard what i needed wanted and went above and beyond to help me . the time down was also reasonable and while i still ca n't do any upper body weight lifting in the gym i am able to function with my normal living and working life . some other important info for future clients is that i never felt like i was a nuisance ; i felt very comfortable with all the staff from office managers to nurses and of course dr. hiatt . if your unsure , make a consult . you will see feel what i am describing : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had 2 procedures by dr. hiatt and have been extremely happy with the results ! ! i had somewhat of a complicated re-constructive surgery after having mastectomies . his attention to detail is amazing and because of his expertise in making the most of what you have , helped me feel like myself again after chemo radiation . he 's also kind and compassionate and puts the needs of his patients first and foremost . he has a state certified facility to do his surgery cases so need for hospital stays . the staff is helpful and they care about their patients . i highly recommend dr hiatt and have complete trust in him ! ! book a consult and see for yourself . he 's worth the wait if he 's busy ! a busy dr is a good sign . kf", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an absolute joke , scott the owner pressures us and other parents to do tournaments , and then makes the kids feel guilty in class if they do not go to them . he is only interested in making money and not developing your kids chess", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my kids have been going here since age 4 and it has been a great experience ! it is a terrific place for kids to learn how to play chess , learn how to lose , not give up , learn strategies on winning , and have fun along the way . the only thing- i would not recommended using their services for anything other than chess lessons for young kids . they offer day long camps , but their staff is really not interested or equipped in dealing with children outside of the realm of teaching chess ( imo ) . i noticed that the staff was ignoring or oblivious to a conflict that was occurring between two kids who were hanging out during unstructured time , which i believe at a typical youth camp would have been addressed . perhaps this works for older kids who want to spend a whole day or week playing and learning chess and do n't need much redirection .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful opportunity for learning the game of chess . the coaches are patient and present the material perfectly for children . my kids have learned an abundance about chess , strategy , confidence and the ability to win and lose . awesome opportunity !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my manicure started chipping 4 hours after i got it . now that it 's the next morning , it has chipped ( very noticeably ) in 11 places ! i could go into detail about how incompetent the front desk girl is , how the nail tech kept leaving for 15 minutes , or more without a single word to me , how half of her polishes are 99 cent brands , how she overcharged me , or how she rushed through the services , but the quality of work just about says it all . the front desk girl had said that none of their groupon customers are coming back for second visits , and i can totally see why . i feel ripped off having paid half price . why would i ever come back , and pay double for a manicure that does n't even last through the day ? it 's a shame , because the salon really is cute . also , as far as the `` champagne saturdays '' the other reviewer mentioned ... flawlace never had a liquor licence , so that 's definitely over .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have to totally agree with the other reviewers . - terrible service , rude people . walk away from you . do n't answer when you ask a question , etc . - junky nail polish that peeled and came right off , even on the same day . - inexperienced nail techs . no idea what she was doing . - took way too long for a really bad job . - not worth it , even with the groupon . i can go on and on , but all of it has already been stated in prior reviews . they are not friendly and do a terrible job and are ridiculously slow . we came to get pampered prior to my sister 's wedding . we explained our timing needs . they did not care . my sister 's nails were smudged before we even were out the door . nobody 's polish made it to the wedding intact . we left there very stressed out and furious . i tipped them too much because i just wanted to get out the door fast . it was a really bad way to spend the wedding day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first of all i feel terrible when i have to write a so so review . but with that said ... i usually go to the nail shop around the corner but had a gift card to use . so i went in today for a pedicure . went to the old location , which the receptionist might have mentioned on the phone ... that they moved ! the chairs were nice and so is the decor ... however ... when i ask for change and she only brings back half of my change that is a problem ! plus a pedicure here is $ 35 and my regular one is $ 20 and there is no difference ! will i go back ... probably not .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm going to give them a 3.5 mostly because of the area they are in.. i would n't say it 's in the ghetto but it 's not the nicest of neighborhoods.. any who.. i got my hurrrr did here and i would say it came out great especially for the value.. i got a cut , ombre & style all for only $ 85 + tip ! i have long hair so this is a steal compared to most other places . i dyed my hair black a couple months ago so we could n't get it to lift to a really blonde color without damaging it but that 's fine because i was very satisfied with the end results~ the salon , itself , is very cute and girly with hot pink and black everywhere.. but you can definitely tell that it does have some age to it.. hot tip : daphne is the hair stylist who did my hair and i do recommend her if you need to get an ombre done ; ] ] ]", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am not a super girly girl , and going to get my nails done is not something i usually do . however , it was my friend 's birthday , and i took her for a mani pedi . the salon is super cute- all pink , black , and white..but the prices are high for what you get ! the girls doing our nails were young and seemed pretty inexperienced . they were nice , and once my friend got them talking ( she has a gift ) we had a fun time . i paid extra for us to get gels.. mine were decent , but my poor friend 's were not done well , and the paint was chipping off within hours . i wanted to give them a second chance , but after all of the reviews i 've read.. not sure i will .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "thereceptionist is awful ... i had to wait almost 20 minutes for my appointment to start . hair dresser was very unfriendly . my hair look decent , it took 3 hours just to do a press and style . from what i observed they can not do highlights . only weaves and haircuts . staff in general is rude . it was a waste of a drive there and my money . i would rather go some where else and pay more money . do n't waste your time ... it 's unfortunate the interior is so nice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as i was walking into the salon i was reading the yelp reviews ... not good at all . it was too late to turn around though since i had already purchased my mani pedi on groupon . my appointment was for 11am - and we got started at 11:15am . i was preparing for the worse ... but my experience was not bad at all ! my lady did a really nice job on my toes and my fingernails , taking the time to redo a nail that was n't perfect . i only wish they had a larger selection of polish colors - it 's only been three days but not a single chip yet . yay !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i saw a groupon for this salon and decided to call before i purchased it . the girl who answered was helpful and procedeed to schedule my appointment . it was n't until i actually showed up that i read the reviews on yelp . eek ! however , i was already there so i decided to stay.there was another person that was working on someone 's nails . she came downstairs to grab something but did not even acknowledge i was there . nice overall , the girl who cut and styled my hair was nice and did well . she seemed tired though and i kinda felt bad for her . will i be coming back here ? probably not , seemed dreary .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came there because i purchased a groupon months ago . this place has too much drama going on . the lady who took care of me has n't even graduated from beauty school yet . she did n't know how to do nails at all ... my polish peeled that same day when i washed my hands . she also could n't stop talking about her lady boss being a b tch . it was a waste of time and money . lesson learned : check reviews before buying a groupon deal . i would rate this place zero if yelp has that option .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "flawlace beauty boutique ! is a fabolous salon ! i am a regular custom , and my appointment is always on time and professionally done . i recommend flawlace salon to my friends in vegas and all over the world ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a groupon for this salon for the full highlights , shampoo and dry for $ 60 - good deal i thought . arrived at the salon , there is parking spaces at the rear in the car lot . the salon decor is really nice , quite funky and girly at the same time . receptionist was pleasant and friendly . had daphne do my highlights . was a different experience for me , have been getting my hair coloured for over 10years now and she is the first person that asked me exactly what i wanted . as this caught me off guard , she assisted me by showing me some magazines and asking what i liked . the end result was amazing . very very happy . she really listens to you and gives what you ask for . the blow dry was fantastic too , lots of volume and bounce ! i have lived in vegas nearly a year now and was struggling to find a decent hair salon i can use regularly . i have now found one . definately returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried this place because i had a groupon . i will never go there again . i had to wait for almost 20 min after my appointment time . then i go upstairs and they have only 2 manicure stations and 2 pedicure stations so once my manicure was done i had to sit there and wait for a pedicure to get done before i could get mine done . it would n't have bothered me so much if they were at least trying to make an effort to get done in a timely manner but they were taking way to long . i posted extra for gel polish and had bubbles in the polish and sides of my nails were n't painted all the way . this overall was a horrible experience from start to finish . i feel ripped off even with the groupon . i think a 5 year old could have done a better job . do n't waste your time or money !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bought a groupon for a deluxe mani-pedi . made the appointment last week and they did n't bother to tell me the address used by groupon is wrong . so i show up today as scheduled and no one is there and i wait 20 mins . there 's no sign at their old location saying they moved even though it looks like an actual business is still there . i called and left a message and no one has called me back now 4 hours later . i went to elan nail & spa which is less than a mike away . great service at elan 's ! i recommend them over flawlace !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my nail tech was great.. the receptionist was horrible.. the other staff rude and not friendly.. ie hoarding some of the gel nails so her clients could use it ) i guess i was n't important.. very meek nail polish and gel collection.. i bought a groupon on and felt discriminated against because of it.. i will never go there again.. i will definitely follow my nail tech she was great.. : ) ..just an fyi if you are going to offer a groupon a better nail polish selection would be ideal and better quality my toes where chipping in 4 hours after i left ... : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "brett did blond highlights today for me today . everyone was super nice & the color & cut came out great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you love pink , girly , and awesome ... you have to check out this salon . i have gotten my nails done here a few times and i would n't suggest it . however , i do get my hair cut here frequently and i would suggest their hair salon services to any one of my friends for a great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have the worst customer service . i called to see if they had any open seats and i got passed around to three different people all of them were extremely rude !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got two stars instead of one only because the manicurist that did my nails was very good at the gel manicure . but even though they spent alot of money fixing the place up they do n't have enough manicure stations and the one 's they do have ( 3 ) are ill-equipped . the deluxe mani-pedi is not so deluxe . i think i will stick with the korean nail salons they really know how to massage calves and hands . this place was like going to a beauty school but 3times the cost . $ 25 beyond the groupon to upgrade just my nails to gel 's . and with no other clients still had to wait 15mins for someone to start on me . those not working were chatting on their cellphones . that is so unprofessional . not going to bother bringing in my husband for his mani-pedi will take him somewhere else . they need to drop their prices even if they lower the booth cost to the manicurist to get repeat clients .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they 're very good at blowouts . i bought a groupon , not sure i would go there again though . staff was a bit rude and and seemed impatient . inside of salon is very nicely decorated though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was a very disapointing experience . my young cousin came into town last weekend and for her 16 birthday i bought a groupon for a delux manicure and pedicure at flawlace . long story short ... . not delux , it was the most minimal pedicure and manicure i have ever had ... and the worst part beside my lil cousins pedicure being smeared ... it ended up costing me $ 60 extra on top of the bought groupon ... it was shocking ... and the women felt intimidating when paying ... i asked why it was so expensive ... and they talked circles until i left ... i do not reccomend this place ! very expensive ... horrible quality , and it almost felt as we were an inconveinece to them for being there ... .sad ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was referred to redline automotive for my brakes on my 2012 jaguar xf . the dealership was going to charge me about 1,600 dollars to get the pads and rotors replaced . i also spoke to sales at autozone , advance auto parts and o'rileys for pricing . when i spoke with leo to get a price estimate , he explained the process to me and gave me a rough estimate over the phone . he was honest and gave me honest prices which were competitive to what the auto stores were even selling them for . this mechanic is amazing at what he does . when coming to him with questions about cars , he is an expert and knows cars like the back of his hand ! i would n't trust anyone else with my vehicles ! flexibility with appointments , quick service and also provides reminders for oil changes and upcoming maintenance . this guy is impressive as he handles it all !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had to get my head gasket replaced on a 2011 kia soul . dealer wanted $ 2565.00 and 10 days leo got it done for $ 742.00 in 3 days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed my oil pan gasket replaced on my 98 jaguar . leo not only quoted me a great price over the phone he also went over everything with me and never tried to sell me on anything unneeded . this place was a great find just on word of mouth and i am glad i came . las vegas needs honest auto shops and this is one of the very few that can do honest work and are quality people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy with the service i received at redline auto . i have taken my car to countless repair shops here in the valley , and i 've always felt like i was being sold more than my car needed . leo ( the owner ) was very honest with me upfront and told me exactly what i needed to fix now and what could wait . my car was clean and ready for pick up in 2 days . i will definitely be going back to redline for all future repairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my review may be a little emotional however the staff at this establishment have bowled me over . i 've spent 4 of the last 10 days here with my mom as she has gone through a batteryof test . from admissions to radiology on the 2nd floor we have been treated with the utmost respect and care . as a care partner not only did they check on my mom and her comfort level they checked to make sure i was okay . after being there for hours on end everyone still had smiling faces and caring words of encouragement . all i can say is thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "check on your patients once in a while and tell your receptionists in the waiting room to keep the noise down .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is pretty nice , to have a forum to gripe about hospital food . carolinas medical is a top notch hospital , i used to go here every time i broke a bone in my childhood days ( and that was quite a few times ) . the nurses are all very friendly , not too many witches around . the food is no good ! i do n't want to be in the hospital anyways , and when i eat i want that to be comforting . the macaroni and cheese is dry and not really that cheesy , the bread is cold and the meat-well it probably is n't even meat . the servers were some sweet older ladies though ; they assured me that they go across the street to eat . i do n't blame them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just wondering how such a racist person can be employed here ... .says a lot for staffing . i would never go here . see photo", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i spent half of the day at cmc mercy due to an anaphylatic episode . i was extremely impressed with the staff there . when i walked into the ed , the woman who check me in , loretta , was extremely kind and continued to talk to me until i was seen just to make sure that my breathing would not get any worse . once inside of my room , the ed nurses , ishmel & beth , came in and immediately began to go to work . they were tremendously polite and professional as this was my first time at cmc mercy and my first allergic reaction . they acted great as a union and showcased above average teamwork . i was then introduced to ashley , my nurse , and dr. dutton . they were both professional and polite and definitely eased my apprehensions and anxiety . i encountered a lot of different professionals there and they were all courteous and respectful . if i am ever in the need of emergency assistance , cmc mercy will definitely be my stop !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm sitting here at cmc mercy hospital . in the worst surgical waiting area . while a loved one is preparing for surgery . why would you have a waiting area smack dab in the front of the hospital . with all the other families . there is no quiet no privacy . the chairs are not comfortable . i 've had surgery at novant and they put some thought into their waiting area . it 's comfortable and closed off . from other visitors . cmc 's policy 's for family to see their loved one in recovery is also something left to ponder.i will never have surgery at this hospital .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "regularly on hold for at least 30 minutes , if not an hour . hire someone to answer the goddamn phone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after living near dc for 8 years , i absolutely caught the cravings for ethiopian food . where else can you eat delicious meat and vegetable curries served on spongy pancakes ? i admit it is a cuisine that either you love or you hate ; count me in for some love . that said , i had not been near a good ethiopian restaurant in almost 5 years since we moved to san francisco . when our friends suggested meskerem in charlotte , there was no hestitation . yes . the food was excellent , the service adorably friendly , and the environment perfect : a tiny restaurant with a few booths and huge plates . we devoured two meskerem combos and a veggie combo between the four of us . i even asked if they do the ethiopian coffee ceremony , and sure enough they will ! meskerem , we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm grateful to have this around the corner , for sure . i do n't crave ethiopian food like i do other types of ethnic food , but when i 'm in the mood , meskerem hits the spot . as far as i can tell , it 's pretty traditional , with the same types of lentil , chickpea , collard , and cabbage staples for the veggie sampler . the lentil sambosas are killer ... i could eat a whole plate of them by myself . so yes ... yes to meskerem .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "along with bill and bruce , this was my first time sampling the cuisine of ethiopia . it was definitely a cultural experience and an adventure in dining . i waited over 24 hours to write the review as i mulled over the decision of what score to give meskerem . it was n't really my `` cup of tea '' , but it was good , nutritious and unusual . even though i wo n't be rushing back to dine here again , it is a place i will keep in my back pocket for when i want to take friends or guests out for something different to tickle their fancy . while on a personal level it was n't better than good , the fact that my friends loved it and we had a great time counts for something as well . due to the unique dining experience , and my understanding that it is one of the best examples of this cuisine on the east coast , i will go four stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i want to check out the lunch buffet here . i really enjoyed getting my hands dirty with ethiopian food , but i felt like i was limited in what i could try . once i get this baby out of me and i 'm home on maternity leave , i plan to go check it out . there was a decent selection of vegetarian options , and what we had was really good . they do the thing where your sodas come in a can , and you get charged individually for them ... i hate that thing . they also do the thing that a lot of ethnic restaurants do where they wo n't dim the lights ... it would be much nicer with slightly lower lighting ... but overall , it was a great dinner , and perfect for a couple date .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best ethiopian food in north carolina . if you 're coming from or planning on going to amelie 's , be sure to stop here at some point . it 's only three miles away . the food is simply outstanding . what you take is up to you ... but i recommend getting the combo plate , which is more than enough for two people ( veggie dish with eggs , chicken drumstick dish ) . expect to eat with your hands . it 's just easier and better . highly recommended restaurant . just a head 's up : the service is a little inconsistent but staff is always friendly and nice . parking can get a little crowded because of the other restaurants and businesses but a space is usually open .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly a sharing experience with the whole table . very interactive . the spices were just right , and the portions perfect for my party of two . the best of the two ethiopian restaurants i 've discovered in charlotte .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a nice little spot in the city . an okay amount of veggie options , mad tasty injera , and a kind and helpful staff . what more could you ask for ? my friend and i split the veggie combo . it had an assortment of lentils , sauces , collards and chickpeas . way too much food for one person . the restaurant is elegantly laid out and very clean . i think the only complaint i have is theres no effort with the spicing of the dishes . ethiopian tends to have creative aromas or pleasant heat -- i did n't get either from here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "get a group together and enjoy a plate of scrumptious ethiopian food . staff is cordial . food is wonderful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "4.5 stars . food brought out quickly , great service , and nice tea . wish they had ethiopian desserts . highly suggest you check out the place and order the veggie combo , believe me you 're in for a treat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first experience with ethiopian food , and i must say , the food did meet my expectations for being unique , tasty , and authentic . the food itself was 4-star , though i do n't know that i 'll find myself craving ethiopian again . the staff seemed overworked on the friday evening we dined at meskerem . upon ordering a bottle of wine , we received two small glasses from an opened bottle . this was quickly corrected , but did start things off on the wrong foot . our wait for food , drinks , and checks was long . my guest and i continued to ask each other if we were being ignored , forgotten , or if this was merely culture playing out before our eyes . 4 stars for the food , 2 for the service . convenient location , and might go back again if entertaining guests that were craving ethiopian food , but do not believe that i enjoyed the ethnic cuisine enough to return on my own .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the lunch buffet is no more . boooooo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , great service . better experience than the random closings of red sea . i came here for my birthday dinner and we had a great time and they accommodated my cake . i just wish i could get injera for take out , but i do n't mind ordering food , since it 's fantastic . lunch is only $ 8 including tax . wish they 'd open a place in south charlotte .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had been dying to try meskerem after having been to red sea several times before . meskerem is located in the same strip mall as mama ricotta 's . there 's plenty of parking , too . compared to red sea , the food is very similar , but the atmosphere at meskerem is brighter and more welcoming . it 's also more spacious . service is usually pretty fast and is always friendly . we 've been back many times , and meskerem is now our preferred place for ethiopian food . their sambusas are very good , especially with the spicy mint sauce ! for our entrees , i usually get the vegetarian combo , and my hubby rotates between the veggie and the meskerem ( meat veggie ) combo . the food is very flavorful and well-spiced . we really love everything , and are usually stuffed when we leave . i 'm not usually a fan of collards or cabbage , but theirs are awesome ! meskerem is a great choice for vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike , and i highly recommend them !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ethiopian food was a new experience for us , so i ca n't make a direct comparison but i am very familiar with all sorts of north african , middle eastern , persian and turkish cooking and the cuisine did n't taste unfamiliar . the different items we tried were very good to excellent and the prices were moderate however everything is served on top of their traditional `` bread '' -a sort of french crepe made out of grain- and this lends a degree of sameness to the whole meal . we will probably only dine there occasionally for that reason . it may be sacrilegious to say this , but it 's too bad they do n't offer also indian nam or hand made pita ( not the mass produced pita pockets ) as an option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a nice breath of fresh air from the usual italian , american or any other blah restaurant in charlotte . plus , an excellent choice for vegetarians , like me , to have many choices on the menu to choose from . the atmosphere is very laid back , if your in a rush do n't expect curt service or a short wait because this is a place where you can enjoy the atmosphere while nibbling on your large , flavorful portions . also , the food portions are enormous for the price , great value ! charlotte only has about two ethiopian restaurants , meskerem is by far the better in my opinion . the fermented bread your order comes with is delicious , it taste like sour dough bread but very spongey ! and do n't expect to use utensils if you really want to eat your meal the proper way . overall , a great experience from the usual restaurants in town !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very tasty vegetarian buffet . the only complaint i have is that there were two tvs on the whole time plating two different news stations . why ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! i lunch buffet-ed the other day with a veggie girlfriend of mine and we were really impressed with this unassuming little place . the food was fresh , varied and well seasoned and the woman who seated and checked in on us was really friendly . i will say that i do love ethiopian and while i do n't know much , i did like this but wished it offered more spicy options ( nothing on the buffet that day was spiced ) . also , no salad bar here which is something i could see adding to it - just some greens and vinaigrette dressing is something i love to pair with the heavier dishes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stoked to find ethiopian in my new home city . i love the spice combos in ethiopian dishes ... it 's just enough to add a satisfying flavor but not overwhelming by any means . and the food here met that expectation . service ... eh , a little pokey , considering we were one of two tables being served at the time . and all of the domestic beers listed on their menu were not available when we went , who knows why . but the food was pleasing enough to still merit fandom . just come maybe 20 minutes before you 're actually hungry , you know , when you 're like well i could eat right now , but it 'd be more out of boredom than hunger . yeah , go when that feeling hits you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good ethiopian food , friendly staff , and very , very reasonable prices . the cabbage , carrot , and potato dish was delicioius , and the lentils are extra spicy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i appreciate having a place like this nearby , especially when i have friends visiting who want something really different . everyone i have taken here loves it and ends up going back numerous times . my boyfriend loves it . on the other hand , i 'm not a fan of the mushy food . it 's not that it does n't taste good , it does . i am not usually picky with textures , but pureed type food just does n't appeal to me and i 've never visited meskerem on account of any craving for it . it usually gives me a stomach ache as well , though it has never bothered anyone i 've taken to eat here . it 's just me . too bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here again this past wekeend ! everytime i come to town i manage to work in a trip to meskerem ! this place is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had doro wat and the veggie combo . veggie combo was excellent . the chicken of the doro wat could of been more stewed but the sauce was terrific nonetheless . a return trip is definitely in order .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have come here a few times for lunch or an early dinner - so the place has already passed the `` will i come back ? '' test . i 've had ethiopian at about four different restaurants in my life , and compared to them , i would call this one `` solidly good '' . it is tasty but does n't quite wow me - but if every meal was a wow , then a wow would be boring ... the portions tend to look small when spread over a huge plate on a typical ethiopian pancake ( sorry if that is the wrong word for it ) but i 've never left there hungry . the staff is extremely friendly , and the place is always quiet ( though , once again , never been there at real dinnertime ) . this is a great place to go for people who , like me , go to restaurants for foods they would n't make at home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i ate here around 8:30on a sunday night . our meal was excellent . the man running the restaurant was efficient and courteous . our sambosas were perfect , and the sampler platter was exceptional . soft drinks are served by the can . the atmosphere was very pleasant , and the whole experience is located only a few minutes from the heart of downtown charlotte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best of the two ethiopian restaurants in charlotte . the service was slow and there was only one waitress for the entire restaurant . i recommend the meat and vegetarian combo 's . each of those will give you a nice sampling of each dish . the miser alecha ( curried lentils ) come on both combo 's and was my favorite item . for a party of two willing to completely share the meal ( traditionally you use your fingers and the sorghum dough to scoop up the food ) have the restaurant combine both of the combo 's onto one plate . make sure to order a glass of the honey wine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first let me say , i 've only had the lunch buffet at meskerem . it was my first time trying ethiopian food as well . the location is small and plain . there were n't very many other customers for the time of day , but that was a plus for me ! i was happiest about the amount of vegetarian items on the buffet . if i remember correctly only a small section of the spread had meat . the quality of everything was good , but there was n't anything i really got excited about ... maybe that 's just the tune with buffets in general ? i would definitely visit here again to try the dinner menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was my favorite place to eat , especially for ethiopian food ! i 'm so sad to see it closed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super yummy ! my friend rebecca loves this place and honestly at first i was a little nervous about the ethnicity . ca n't believe i waited so long to try it . love this little place . great quiet , local spot . and who do n't like to eat with their hands ! ! ! check it out ! i love the avocado salad !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was decent . terrible service . the guy in the picture was the worst host . it was in until he gave a nasty grin when u asked for a box . felt terrible asking for him that ... never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love ethiopian food and was excited to try this restaurant . what a disappointment ! the waiter ( owner ? ) was not very friendly with my table of two during most of our visit except towards the end as we were paying for the bill . also , do n't combine everything on one platter- we did and ended up getting much smaller portions of one of the dishes but charged the full price . we ordered the veggie combo and the beef tips -- the tips ( about a 1 4 cup ) was very dry and flavorless . along with most of the veggies . and we were charged for our waters . i dont know what we did to displease the waiter but he just did not like us as soon as we walked into the place . red sea is much better compared to this place and much friendlier .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to quite a few ethiopian restaurants and i love the food . the food here was good though the bread was very sticky . ambience was ok. we had the vegetarian combo and as part of the combo , were two dishes we had n't tried before . it was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food but subpar service . we got the veg combo and it was delicious . bread was soft and the curries was well cooked . but the service was slow even though no one was at the restaurant . the staff tried to engage us but ended up coming across a little abrasive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time i tried ethiopian food in charlotte during my cross country road trip . family owned , gracious service and top notch food ! loved it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was amazing . i have n't had ethiopian food like this in quite some time . the best was the injera which was perfectly done . as some one who used to cook ethiopian food back home , it was spot on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my mother is currently in ethiopia visiting her family and when i ca n't visit my parents ' home to get great habesha food for free , i have to settle for great habesha food at a reasonable price . it 's all very authentic and delicious . there 's plenty of parking and i 've always been served in a kind and timely manner . it 's mostly healthy and there are so many vegetarian options . i live for their shiro wat and it might be as good as my mother 's but i wo n't tell her that ; ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time eating ethiopian and i really enjoyed it . i got the combo which was 12.50 ( a bit pricey for lunch if you asked me ) but it comes with a bunch of things i ca n't pronounce but were very similar to chick peas , lentils collard greens and beef . it was really good but i could n't eat it all . their suggestion is to eat with your hands but i found it easier using a fork . i would suggest dining in so that you get the whole ethiopian experience , i got take out but am really thinking about checking it out for dinner ( prices are the same )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my office met here today for lunch . as a group of five , the waitress recommended we order three dishes and share . there was a ton of food and a lot of bread . it was delicious and well worth the wait . this was my first time having ethiopian food and i 'll definitely come back . we tried the dessert and coffee afterwards and that was great , too ! i highly recommend this place - give it a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time eating ethiopian . loved it . got the veggie combo . ate it all myself . no sharing here . cozy with nice enough decor and the folks are very nice . no problem with service at all that some guests had mentioned . great experience . my new favorite restaurant in clt on lay overs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish there was an option to give two separate ratings ... .one for food and one for service . the food is excellent ... .my favorite ethiopan food in the charlotte metro . injera is fabulous , tibs are well seasoned . five stars . the service is horrendous . this small family business is always terribly understaffed and service is insanely slow ... .beyond anything you can imagine . one star . that said , if you go in knowing the service will suck and are willing to put up with it for the delicious food , this may be your place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i went to this place for the first time last week . my husband is ( or should i say was ) not a fan of ethiopian but i am a huge lover of ethiopian food . this is the first time i tried it in charlotte and expected to be disappointed but what we got was some of the best ethiopian i have ever had . we got the veg combo and the chick pea vegetarian dish and everything came out amazing . the injeera was perfectly light and all of the vegetable dishes were so fresh and had so much flavor everything we ate we had to say mmm this is so good ! and now my husband is a huge lover of ethiopian or at least meskerem ! we left promosing the owner we would be back as soon as possible and we mean it - neither of us can stop thinking about those flavors ! also , i saw some other commenters were upset about the service . i would suggest they relax and enjoy . we thought the service was awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poor , un-friendly service that was also slow . the waiters failed to explain that three entrees will be served on a single plate while we waited for them till about half way through . fruit juice was served diluted with water . not going back ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food , great service . the owner couple are really sweet and provide a great service with very welcoming environment . get ready to eat with your hands and enjoy one i the best ethiopian food in charlotte . i really enjoy the combo plates , vegetation or meat , does n't matter . food tastes very fresh every time i dine here , and love the constant great quality throughout the years ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty much on par with my past experiences with ethiopian food . had the vegetarian combo with the avocado salad . tasty but nothing crazy exciting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am giving this place a four because the staff is friendly and the place is clean . i give the food probably a 3.5 . it was good food , but something about it made it taste more americanized . i like the atmosphere of this place and i will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i discovered ethiopian food about 5 years ago while in washington dc , but meskerem is by far my favorite . the tibs wat ( think that 's how you spell it ) and the timatim fitfit are my mainstays at meskerem . for anyone who is a bit apprehensive of ethiopian food , take it from me ; i grew up in rural nc and ethiopian food tastes very similar to old fashioned home cooking ( just with a few more spices ) . my advice ; eat with your fingers and finish dinner with ethiopian coffee", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you know ethiopian food , this place does a good job of it . if you are not familiar with it , then you really should be . this place is delicious , clean and well priced . try skipping applebee 's for one night and let your taste buds have an adventure . try this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and good service . the vegetarian lunch buffet is a bit meager but sill enjoyable . i will say their bread ( its more like ethiopian nan since i ca n't remember what its called and i 'm too lazy to google ) has a very strong sourdough taste to it . i 'm not a big fan of that , but maybe thats normal for where the owner is from . but , its the first time i 've had it that sour . their lamb is amazing though . give it a try and they do have take-out as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while the service here is n't the fastest the food is pretty delicious . i enjoy my meal every time and am disappointed that they have closed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the tibs wat has such great flavor with plenty of sauce for your injera to soak up . our kids loved the special chicken tibs & vegetarian combo , especially the lentils . they were out of kitfo ( insert sad face ) , but everything we ordered was plentiful and so delicious that i ca n't complain . friendly service , too , that included a quick lesson in tearing injera for the kids .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shovel food into your mouth with generous portions of bread ? check . use your hands and forgo all eating utensils ? check . check . this restaurant was my first ethiopian experience and i have since taken any guest that 's come into town to visit . i love this food . the service is typically lacking but this does n't deter my overall star rating . if this is your first time , the bread is a traditional bread made of teff flour . it 's a little sour ( it ferments for few days ) . the texture is pliable and its used to scoop up the food . oh the food ! glorious . lentils , collard greens , beef , chicken , all made with wonderful spices ! please order an entree per person and eat `` family style . '' i would suggest the sambusas to start and the vegetarian combo and the meskerem combo ( or any of their chicken or beef dishes ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved this place . amazing ethiopian food . served in authentic style . the waiter was very pleasant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is great ethiopian food . my lovely lady and i absolutely love to come here . we come frequently . we strongly recommend the appetizer with avocado and tomatoes . we always get the vegetarian combo . take the time , make the effort to come here . you will be amazed by the unique and delicious flavors that true ethiopian cuisine offers . five star rating only because ten stars was n't available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "keep your eyes peeled for it 's located at the end of a shopping strip on the corner - look for the big 'ethiopian cuisine ' sign . we were excited to have dinner here with our little sister & her boyfriend . the veggie combo is amazing ! they had the meat combo & cleaned their plates as well . we began with the avocado salad as recommended by our lovely server ( owner ? ) & was blown away by the flavors . this is hands down the best ethiopian food & experience i have had to date . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great first experience eating ethiopian food . delish ! i would have gave it 5 stars , but the owner ate our food and did n't give us a discount . he wanted to show us how to grab and wrap the food with the bread . we did n't mind that he ate that first bite after touching the food with his hands , but he stopped by again and ate another huge bite ! i admit that we were not eating it correctly , but there 's no need to eat the food that we 're paying for !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been wanting to try this place for months now . got here around 3pm . it was totally empty besides a few folks at the bar . i was treated like royalty from the time i walked in the door . so ashamed to admit but i had no idea you ate ethiopian food with your hands . the waiter took time with me to explain everything and he was so very kind . the food and service were amazing . i ordered the avocado salad and the veggie combo . i can not wait to come back for more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious ethiopian food . if you 've never tried it , order a combo platter . use the rolled injera bread to scoop up scrumptious bites of lentils , veggies or meat . one veggie combo is enough for two people if you 're not too hungry . the chickpea dish was dry but everything else was lovely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ! ! food was delicious and the service was fantastic ! we 'll definitely be back ! so glad we found this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing experience . waitress was sweet , and the food was amazing . a novel eating experience , executed extremely well . we tried the lentil and beef pastry appetizers and they were crispy and delicious . the lentil was much more tasty than the beef . with the entrees we had the lentils and the chicken entrees . as with the appetizer , the lentils were so much better than the chicken ( which was really good ) . in short try the lentils . we also enjoyed the ethiopian coffee which was special . very hot and very flavorful . it was smooth as butter , but tasted a lot different than a normal starbucks coffee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "buffett with five standard but very flavorful dishes . great value and very filling . we are very lucky to have such a nice restaurant in charlotte . tucked away in a strip mall ; you almost forget about this unless you crave ethiopian . take out-of-towners who want to try something new , and are open-minded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i love meskerem ! the sambusa is absolutely delicious ! i ordered the lamb tibs and it was cooked perfectly ! i love the spicy lentils and greens !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love meskerem , they definitely have the best-tasting ethiopian food in charlotte . they bring you everything on one platter , so be sure you like your dining companions and you 're ready to eat with your hands . they will bring you as much fluffy injera as you need , and the baklava is some of the best i 've ever had .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went in for a quick lunch ... i had to be uptown for an appointment . i had never eaten ethiopian food before so i did n't know what to expect . within minutes they brought a huge plate with different piles of food and a squishy bread in leu of silverware to eat with . again , i 've never had ethiopian food but it was delicious ! great flavors , fresh veggies , and the squishy bread was very yummy . i knew i would n't have room for dessert if i finished and i love baklava so i surrendered my plate . they were very polite but concerned i did like the dish . i assured them it was wonderful , i just had somewhere to be and wanted to save room for desert . lovely people , great service , excellent food . will frequent this place often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst food and service i have ever had ! ! do not ever go there ! ! it is the biggest waste of money ! our server was so rude . i asked for recommendations and he said , `` can you read the menu ? the descriptions are there for you to read ! '' ? wtf ! ! i feel so stupid for even staying to even try the food . the prices seemed reasonable until we saw the portions . the menu read `` chicken chunks '' in the description and somehow we ended up with two chicken legs lol . i would give this place less than one star if i could . dine at your own risk ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do not frequent ethiopian restaurants but when i come to charlotte i always eat here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gluten free diner review : wow . i have been there twice and had an amazing experience both times . they were very good at accommodating the gluten free diner and made gluten free injera . the avocado salad appetizer was very fresh and perfectly seasoned at both visits . we ordered almost everything on the menu on my first visit , as i was with others who had never had ethiopian food . each dish was unique and flavorful . the second visit , my husband and i got the veggie and the meat combos to share . these were presented on one large injera covered platter ... a delicious feast . while the atmosphere is a little dated and drab , the food and service were excellent both times . i was surprised that there were few other diners there on both visits . will go back whenever we are in charlotte .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't think i 've ever had bad ethiopean food so the best i can say about this place is that it 's not so bad , but not so great either . i ordered the meat combo and veggie combo .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's still good , but my memories of past vistis were more , um , orgasmic ? ? the food is n't as well or heavily spiced as it once was , though i 'd certainly still eat here with no major complaints . the tibs wat is much better than the lamb tibs . all the veggies are good , but especially the spicy lentils ( miser ) and cabbage . i found the shiro wat ( chickpeas ) pretty bland . but service is prompt , if aloof and the place is still clean and decorated as i remember with ethiopian art on the walls and the injeera is , well , injeera in all its spongy goodness .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and excellent friendly service . it was a perfect date night for us and we learned a little about ethiopian foods and culture thanks to the owner and his family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome spot but only go with people you do n't mind handling your food ( literally ) as it gets very messy . not a great first date spot perhaps but fun for family and very close friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love ethiopian food , i also love ethiopian babes , but thats another story . while the service was standard ( why is it that every ethiopian restaurant worldwide only employ one waiter no matter how busy empty the place is ) i thought the food was a bit sub standard . the injera wasnt great , the tibs were just ok , and the veggies were not fresh . i didnt complain because the price was certainly right , but im not sure i would return there again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "meskerem is an easy comfortable place to be . i have been there three times in a year , and the waitress remembered me after the first visit . as the token vegetarian in a group of six , i had my own platter , consisting of spicy red lentils , mild yellow lentils , cabbage , cauliflower , collard greens and green beans . this was served with their spongy , stretchy bread , which resembled rolled wash cloths , but did n't taste like them . i loved the red lentils , because of the nice burn they left in my mouth . i also enjoyed the green beans , which is a vegetable that i do n't typically like . their green beans are also highly seasoned and spicy . the other items were good as well . i would have preferred that the cauliflower have more flavor , as it was quite simple . the collard greens were fine , but not outstanding . my carnivore dining partners enjoyed the platter of lamb , beef and chicken . there is something for everyone here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the meskerem combo and sambosa . omg those dishes were fantastic and the lady server was so nice and was very patient with me . you have to try this place you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the beef tibs were a little dry but overall it hits the spot if you 're craving ethiopian food . the man who runs the place is very friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here with my friend . super nice ! hands down the nicest people i 've met yet . they take their time and ask you if you like it . i live nowhere near this place and i will drive all the way across the city for that kind of service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the girl who did my gel mani was very nice and took her time ( i had to ask her to hurry after 30 min so i could get home ) . because i was short on time i asked for just a gel polish although i 'm guessing she did not understand my request as she proceed with the warming mitts and all . i can overlook that the color i selected was all out and there was not the same replacement . the reason i am upset is it is less than 2 weeks later and it 's lifting and peeling badly . i paid $ 30 ! i should have just gotten a regular mani . i 'm not made of $ unfortunately so now i have to soak a few off and repaint them myself .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "at first i really liked this place . as a new customer they were very attentive . i continued to go for about 6 months but recently they have pushed back my appointments and made me wait close to an hour on two occasions . the manager is extremely rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for being a neighborhood watering hole in a strip mall , this winking lizard has more character than you 'd expect . i met a friend here for her thursday night skee ball league . yes , they have that here , and i 'm pretty sure all of the winking lizards have skee ball leagues . all deserve at least 3 stars for that alone . the great beer ( and gluten free beer ) selection gives it another star . it was hopping for a thursday in the burbs . the server hussled and was very friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a sports bar for the whole family , but not a great compromise . too big and family oriented to be a real sports bar . too noisy and eh in the food department to be a real family restaurant . a real divey bar or a decent casual restaurant would be better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went here with high expectations as everyone i know praises the winking lizard . and they were right ! first of all , i want to steal the iguana . that said , the food was delicious ! i got my usual spinach and artichoke dip , and it was some of the best spinach and artichoke dip i 've ever had . prices were fair , and the decor was really cool ! my only complaint is that because i was with my sister and her friend , who were minors , my non minor friend and i were not allowed to drink . i have never heard of any other restaurant having that policy . overall a pleasant experience , and i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for the first time , in many visits , my husband and i had horrible service tonight . our waitress was more concerned about flirting than helping us . my portion of food was so small that i ordered an appetizer to go ... it never showed up ! ! ! we are usually very generous tippers , but not tonight !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife surprised me on halloween with big bucket of wings . we both have patronized the lizard for years and have usually always had a good meal . the wings we had that night were bland and lacked any flavor . these were sorry wings . i had to mix up some of my own wing sauce to half way enjoy them . i 'm not sure if it was the night and the staff was pissed they had to work or what . the lizard in mentor needs to take notice as quaker steak and bw3 are always good or they will lose my business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am sad to say that the winking lizard has completely gone down hill the last few years , and after many years of going there , i probably wo n't go back . went there for a birthday party with about 15 friends , and to watch the browns game . in the 3 hours i was there it took anywhere from 15 minutes to a half hour to get a beer , and we were sitting at the bar ! ! very few people in there , so this made no sense . almost walked out without paying as we could not even get our checks ! terrible service , just terrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been traveling to ohio for years and every trip , i make it a point to visit the winking lizard . the food is average bar food , but the beer selection , service and atmosphere are excellent and make the place . it is also a great location to bring your kids during the day for lunch with a basic menu , games and entertainment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "took way too long for everything . good beer and wing selection but that is about it . super noisy , server was ok , nothing to wrote home about . was never checked on once we got our food . wo n't be stopping back anytime soon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my family and i really enjoy going to the winking lizard . i have tried many of their different dishes and i have not found one i did n't like . it 's an all-around good place . the hamburgers are good , i like their corned beef , and ( of course ) their wings ! for their spring menu , they added a lamb burger ... which is awesome ! great beer selection too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here several times i never considered this close to the original winking lizard in terms of food or atmosphere sometime you just ca n't copy the original . i found the service leaves a little to be desired and the food is average at best located in a strip mall it just does n't have much appeal it has always been busy but considering the choices in the immediate area and i understand why . i would never go out of my way to come here i would stop in for a few drinks with friends then go somewhere else for food . it can get a little loud at times .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "easy for this one , go on monday 's or tuesday 's for pizza and wings ! you ca n't go wrong food wise , but service can be hit or miss ( just like every other casual restaurant in neo )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what has happened to the lizard ? ? ! ! i ordered a summer special , brisket tacos . tacos were so greasy that the grease was running onto the plate . they came with stale tostitos with cheese whiz . awful ! ! ! waitress was so dingy . had no idea about the beer we ordered from the menu . so sad . i only get to cleveland a couple of times a year , and i used to look forward to stopping by the lizard .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our waiter cory was superb , what a gentleman , fast and funny as well . the asparagus steak salad is worth eating over and over .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it has been a long time since i 've been to any winking lizard . i 'd call it a solid `` ok '' . we were seated right away ( good for a friday night ) and the service was fine . maybe i 'm misremembering , but i thought they used to have a lot bigger food selection . they had a bunch of burgers and chicken sandwiches , ribs , bbq chicken , appetizers , and that was about it . i got the ribs and my wife got the bbq chicken . both were ok . the portions were generous , the taste was ok ( but nothing special ) , but both were a little dried out . it was n't bad , it was n't great , but i wo n't rush back . they do have a huge beer selection and i have a very nice belgian .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been here multiple times and loved it more each time i went . right when i walked in they have a free popcorn that was impressive . the price was pretty good and service was very good every time . ive had from amazing wings to great pizzas and some pretty good burgers i recommend this to anyone . probably my favorite restaurant ever ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice selection of beers . there beer club does not work for people passing through like myself . the beers were good and the bartender was nice and even cleaned the bottles for me since i collect beer bottles so i could take them with me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "try not to go to the east side but yesterday i had no choice . typical mentor spot in a strip mall . big restaurant with games for the kids . food came out right and fairly quickly . server was ok..not very friendly . we were the only table there and our tab would of been higher had we felt more welcome . next time ya might wana be nicer to the table of 6 irish people who drink more than they eat at lunch ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to several winking lizard taverns across northeast ohio , and the bar restaurant in mentor , is the best by far ( imo ) . the bar staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the craft beer selection , which totals about 300 ! a plus is the free self-serve popcorn with unlimited refills , although it is on the salty side , it 's a nice snack to munch on at the bar . i ordered the loaded nachos as an appetizer and later the white pizza with jalapeno peppers . both entrees were fresh , hot and well portioned . you will come for the beer and stay for the comfort foods , which are priced reasonably and served timely . cheers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "typical bar food ... one day service and food is good the next time you do n't go back for a year . for some reason employees still sit families with children between 2 days and 4 years old on the bar side . most of the time bar side has a chucky e cheese atmosphere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sales rep michelle is a gem ! extremely helpful , patient , professional and cheerful ! absolutely appreciated ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` you 'll be required to wear a white lab coat '' , in my brain translates to , `` you 'll have to go to work in a shapeless sack that will make you look like a marshmallow with legs '' . nooooo ! after calling multiple places that sell lab coats , but do n't have a single one in stock for you to try on , i came upon this place . they had 4 different styles of lab coats in stock , ready to be modeled , lol . i found 3 that where cinched at the waist 'yay ! ! '' and 2 fit , so i walked out a happy camper . if i must look like a marshmallow , it will be like a marshmallow with a waist & plenty of pocket space : ) added bonus : this place has extended hours & on most days closes at 9 pm ! check their website for the exact days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent service ! i did n't need much help , but the two ladies were very willing to answer all of my questions and we 're always available to help anyone . the store carried a variety of the top brands of scrubs , shoes , and assecories . while at the cash wrap the associate gave me great info that i never knew about such as writing the uniforms off my taxes and the 20 % discount when i bring in a gently used scrub during nurses ' month . the store did n't carry the jockey brand of apparel that i like , but i still give then 5 stars for their service and cleanliness .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots of selection and reasonable prices . they have a lot of the popular brands in a lot of different colors and sizes . if you prefer to buy your scrubs in person or you want to try on in the store to see if the sizing fits , this is a good scrub store to visit in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "going into the medical field ? welcome to the candy store my absolute favorite ! very attentive and knowledgeable staff that will help you with all of your needs . fun atmosphere , reasonable prices and great selection . being a grey 's anatomy fan , i almost jumped out of my skin when i saw that they have their scrubs and shoes line ! i 've already shopped here several times for my stethoscope and scrubs . thank you all for making my experience real enjoyable every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been getting my scrubs here all year i love the prices and the fit greys anatomy are my favorite brand . they have every single color a person could need . they even have printed ones that are adorable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was beyond excellent ! the 2 ladies who helped me were just the sweetest ! i came in looking for a specific color of scrub pants for my uniform , and they helped me pick the size and everything . i will definitely go back when i decide to purchase more scrubs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service here was excellent ! the two ladies who were working made sure i found the right size and fit , and there was a sale on some scrubs so i ended up going with those ones . i love what i bought ! i will definitely be shopping here in the future . they have a great selection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible services ! the girls who worked there were very unprofessional . she talked to me in a very rude tone of voice . it was my first time visiting . i will never come back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here today , friendly and quick service with a lot of availability for males.on top of the fact that 's it conveniently located right off the 101 and northern . recommending indeed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in here to find scrub pants that actually fit me for work . i was pleased to come in and get greeted and helped immediately . very nice two older women who were helpful and thoughtful . they were quick and honest . i recommended this to everyone who needs scrubs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the store has a variety of the top brands of scrubs , shoes , and assecories . the staff was great . they even offer student discounts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't tell you how excited we are to finally have a plan for making our home our own ! judith really understood our vision and we could have never never never put this all together on our own . the whole idea of decorating our home has changed from an overwhelming and frustrating notion to a well-planned project where the only overwhelming part is which fun thing to do next . we just loved working with judith , jennifer and pam and ca n't wait to get started on the next project !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unprofessionalism at its finest . property was damaged and i got blamed for it countless times . when asked for reimbursement for the damaged property the owner was argumentative , called me inexperienced and stated the law is that they are not held responsible for damaged bags . he also stated that since i got it a while go `` what value does it have now '' really ? move took long and i was charged for extra time i did not use because they `` do n't charge by the half hour '' which was n't explained when i booked . this is my third time moving and i 've never had such an argumentative , unprofessional encounter with a business owner . at this point i 'm less upset about the damaged property and livid about the response i got when asking for a resolve ! unhappy and i do not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i loved using maurice and his crew . they were so friendly and professional ! worked hard and made me laugh while working with them . i was moving in a hurry from a bad situation and they were able to work with my schedule and put me at ease while getting me out of an awful apartment complex . when they were running late from another job , maurice kept me up to date and brought another crew member free of charge and discounted the truck fee for me . i will definitely recommend them to my friends and will call them first if i need to move in the las vegas area again . 5 stars almost seems too little to give them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome movers ... maurice , adam and cory they are amazing ... i had such a bad experience with another movers last year ... ..but maurice and his team did a great job ... i will use them over and over and over ... i will highly recommend them ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic and friendly movers ! i hired maurice and another mover through a u-haul partnered website , but will definitely work directly through his company next time to deal directly with the company . super friendly , helpful , and actually made the unload fun ! moving is already insanely stressful , and having kind and courteous help during the process seriously takes a load off . as i 'm writing this , i 'm noticing a few unintended puns . guess they have their marketing in order : ) would definitely recommend and hire these guys again . fast . friendly . good times . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used less stress movers 3 separate occasions in the past 5 years . i will never move by myself or have to bother friend 's to help again as long as i stay in las vegas . they work quick , efficiently , move your things with no damage , and all at an extremely reasonable price . my tip is to always have your small things boxed up prior to their arrival so they can grab them with ease along with all your larger furniture . only movers i have used or will use in the future . maurice the owner , is a really friendly and professional guy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "reserved date and time weeks in advance , however , received a text 2 days before my move saying that he was out of town and was unable to help me move . i understand things come up , but to bail 2 days before a move ( that i could n't change ) is very unprofessional . to their credit , they recommended another moving company , but did not call them or make any arrangements on my behalf , so i found another company on my own . in short , their name should be changed to more stress movers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i have used maurice and his crew 3-4 times over the last 10+ years , with the most recent being on 4 27 16 . these guys are phenomenal ! i trust them to not only get the job done and get it done right , but as a bonus you 'll have a fantastic , uplifting day while the guys are with us helping out . you 'd think they were having a picnic lunch in the park , with the way they enjoy themselves while doing all of the hard labor . laughs , jokes and just all around good nature - i truly can not say enough about them . thank you , maurice and crew !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maurice and his crew were awesome ! not only did they get everything i needed out of and into my new place quickly ( for a better price than others , trust me i had them all quoted ) but they were all extremely personable and made the moving day fun ! if you 're going to move and do n't want to pay $ 100+ just for the movers to drive to and from your house and if you want a good hourly rate , these are the guys ! thanks for everything guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an experienced mover ( moved almost yearly for the last 8 years and twice across the country ) but this was by far the best moving experience i have ever had ! the guys arrived on time and ready to go and were able to move two full one bedroom apartments into storage units in way less time than expected ! they were so fun and energetic to be around during the process and they gave me so much great advice on packing the last things i had left . they also packed my pod way better than i would ever have been able to alone and i 'm confident that everything will make it across the country ( again ! ) safe and sound ! i can not recommend them enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a day ! ! maurice and his team are amazing ! 3rd move with these gentleman and they are always pure professionals ! they worked so hard and even set my furniture up for me ! ! i so appreciated spending the day with these awesome guys . i could not have chosen a better company to move me into my new home ! ! no more moves for me , but will always recommend this top notch crew to everyone in need of some less stress movers ! ! ! i can not thank you all enough ! ! ! integrity and professionalism at its best ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just realized i never gave these guys a review ! they helped me back in august 2016 , and it was super hot of course ! not only did they get my house moved , they also helped me by making 3 stops after the move to drop off large items i had either donated or sold . of course , i paid them to do it , but the fact that they did it was just awesome . thanks maurice and crew !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maurice and his guys were awesome . they showed up on time and if it 's possible to make moving fun , maurice has it down with a great sense of humor . i hope he sticks around because if i have to move again i will definitely use them again . they were real careful with our stuff and work fast . their prices are good and they do good work most importantly . you will not be disappointed with them if you gave them a try and i recommend you do , especially if you want a smooth and inexpensive move .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend hiring less stress movers ! i was stressing out about moving day and decided to use movers a day before i was moving . i was pleasantly surprised that lsm would be able to do the job on such short notice . they moved my stuff from a storage unit into a one bedroom apartment about 20 miles away . maurice and another mover showed up on time and got to work right away . they had me completely moved in , in 3 hours ! very nice guys and good prices that ca n't be beat ! definitely made my move less stressful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never had a move that was fun before . but maurice , and his 2 co workers made that possible . talk about less stress ? ? ? we laughed the entire time . even though it was a fun day , we got everything packed into the truck , moved and unpacked without any damage to anything . in fact , they helped kind of repair some stuff that was already falling apart ! ! ! i could go on and on . these guys are the best . professional but personable . quick and efficient , safe and secure ! awesome job and i will be calling them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my move was truly made stress free ! maurice and his partner are professional , prompt , and knowledgeable . i was making the move to socal . they packed everything perfectly ! since my things were going in storage when i arrived in la he even explained to me how to pack up my storage which was a great help ! thank you maurice for making this a positive experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great experience i had ! maurice and his crew were amazing . so personable , friendly , professional . definitely will be using them again . they made what typically a stressful day..not stressful at all . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "less stress movers moved my wife and i from out 1 bedroom apartment to our home in a very timely manner . they were organized and helpful . the guys did n't have any problems with our larger items and everything moved without damage . good crew and great conversations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kudos to maurice , dante and steve . you made my move easy with no stress . i will use you again whenever i move . you guys are great , rock on super stars ! i highly recommend you to any and all . thank you all for making my day a great one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all , thank you for making our move stress free ! they accommodated us even though i called them two days prior to our move . it was very last minute ! they came in 30 min before our scheduled appointment which was great because we finished early ! it is very affordable and they provide their own truck for the move . maurice , santino and billy were very professional . they were also very polite and fun to talk to . they were very hard working . they worked non stop and secured our fragile items in a safe padded place . great family business . keep it up ! thank you ! we definitely recommend less stress movers if you want a less stress move !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "less stress moving company moved my 3000 sq ft home recently . maurice and crew were amazing . they took very good care of my furnishings . placed everything in my new home with care . they were professional and efficient . i would highly recommend this company . from c.m . las vegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys moved me a year ago and i forgot to leave a review but these dudes were top notch and did n't break the bank .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maurice and his crew really did make our move less stressful . they arrived on time and worked quickly and efficiently . the guys were all very professional and polite . we would absolutely use them again and will recommend them to all we know . thanks ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the move went so smoothly and was done faster than i anticipated . this is my second time using them and the rates are very reasonable for the number of people that they send out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maurice and his partner were so professional , fast and accommodating through the entire 2 hours that he quoted us . moved our stuff from the storage unit to our apartment complex and up a flight of stairs in record time . very friendly and easy going . was 20 minutes early and even finished early . definitely going to use their services again in the future ! thanks maurice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maurice and his guys were awesome . i have never seen guys hustle like him and his team ! 12k pounds worth of furniture in a 28ft trailer up stairs and everything and they handled it like absolute pros . we will definitely hire them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "less stress movers just finished helping me with a local move and i was impressed with their service . they arrived on time and really cared about my belongings . rates were reasonable and maurice is easy-going . i booked about 10 days in advance and they were able to work with my schedule to do an afternoon move . great company to work with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful company ! i was planning to move my family 's stuff myself with a couple of friends , but when i looked at everything i owned , i decided to try to find a mover the day before the move . i spoke to maurice on a friday and he had two movers at my home the next morning . i thought it would have been impossible to find someone on short notice yet alone find someone who could do the job right also . our movers kory and dante were very efficient and productive . they worked nonstop throughout the entire move , and the way they stacked everything in the moving truck then in storage was amazing ! i referred to them `` tetris champions '' as they stacked boxes , furniture , and various household items utilizing every inch of space . thank you for job well done gentlemen ! if you 're looking for good movers , stop now . you 've found them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely recommend less stress movers . they made the moving process much easier for me and took care of all my items making sure nothing was damage during the transport .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved from san diego to las vegas last week . i was nervous about the timing on when i would arrive and if `` lsm '' would be available to accommodate us . i came with my wife and 2 kids 1yr and 3yr old . sure enough , maurice contacted me that day and was checking up on me and my drive . i knew i was going to arrive late , but maurice said , `` i got you when you get here . '' that was an awesome feeling . he was at the house before i knew it . they tackled our full , 26 '' u-haul truck within the time frame they stated . they are very friendly and professional . yes ... moving is stressful , but these guys make it less stressful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is hands down the best moving experience i have ever had ... these guys work hard , have a great positive energy about them , and they are experts at what they do ... i still ca n't believe how much they managed to fit in my storage unit ! ! if you want your move done right , hire them & u wo n't be disappointed ! ! ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough good things about this company and maurice and his crew who helped me . his crew was fast , polite , professional , friendly , careful , and meticulous . they moved all my furniture in two hours and did it methodically , making sure each piece was carefully handled and moved to where i wanted it . on top of all that , the price was very reasonable . after all the work was done , they came back and even helped me set up my bed . again , a warm and great big thanks to maurice and his team . the next time i need to move stuff , i , without a doubt , will be calling less stress movers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a joke . i do n't know who is so dumb that they pay these prices . even with a builder discount , you can do much better elsewhere . their in store selections are pretty much limited to brown and bronze . stay at home . use the web . buy online at a lower price . if you want to see a light in person , call first because they probably wo n't have it in the store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we purchased new exterior light fixtures from madison lighting as our originals needed to be replaced . it was important to make sure they fit exactly where the old ones had been . i received help making sure i got what i needed for choices and we had three good choices selected in a short time . once our family voted on our favorite , i ordered it . one screw on one of the screw on one of the four fixtures was not right . they sent out roberto and another kind gentleman ( sorry , but his name escapes me right now ) to make it right . i appreciate people standing behind their products . we have purchased things here in the past and will return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "giving these guys even two stars was done out of pity . frankly disappointed in the lack of customer service here . ive been shopping around for light fixtures and felt pretty defeated after scouring home depot and menards . a quick search online led me to find madison lighting . despite the frank elevation of pricing in the setting of similar quality product to competitor stores , i thought i 'd give it a go . i went in to find a ton of light fixtures . great , i came to the right place ! in the first few minutes i noticed none of the free employees approached me . at first i was pretty happy about it . at 15 minutes i was starting to wonder what was going on - why didnt the four employees behind the desk who didnt seem to be doing anything come and offer help ? instead of asking for help , i expressed a couple nonverbal cues . after 30 minutes of not being offered help , i decided there was absolutely no reason why i should pay this place for their overpriced products . shop online instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the service here is terrible . the place is never super busy but i always wait forever before i can get someone to notice that i 'm there and need help . they even have `` take-a-number '' system like you 're at the meat counter . buy the same stuff for less money online , and avoid the rude service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we built a new home and worked with meghan to select all our fixtures . she was incredible helpful and helped us pick the perfect fixtures to match the style we were looking for , all while fitting into our budget . if you need to get new lights , madison lighting was great and meghan has gone above and beyond for us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped here yesterday for ceiling fans . i wanted to shop local and these guys are about the only game left in town . but do n't think they rest on the laurels because of this . definitely worth a visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in to get help replacing a pendant and sconce that we had bought years ago . the lady who helped me was not very helpful and seemed bothered to even give me minimum information . i had a bad experience a year or so ago with customer service here but hoped they might have improved in this area ... nope !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "looking to replace the chandelier over our dining room table - there were many selections . we liked one in particular but some of the lamps were a bit crooked . we asked about it and the man who helped us dove right in to make them straight , getting tools and making it right . we bought the fixture but when installing found it needed to be a foot longer with longer rods from the ceiling . we went back to the store and another person spent a half hour with us pulling spare parts from the back to make the light work for us . very pleased with the nice service , and of course , our new chandelier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great thrift store in a cute neighbourhood with wonderful finds that supports a great cause - win , win , win , win . it 's almost impossible to go into this shop without buying some treasure ! this thrift shop has a great selection of dishware , books , music , movies , jewlery , clothes , collectables and more . pegasus thrift store is a fundraiser and job placement for the wonderful local non-profit organization pegasus community project for adults with special needs . so you know the money you spend on the great deals you find goes to a great cause . staff are mostly volunteers and all are super friendly and very helpful . if you have gently used items that you would like you donate for resale they take donations as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a big fan of thrift shops , and this is my favourite . i 've found really wonderful items here ; yesterday i saw a like-new acquascutum trench coat ( alas , too big for me ) and easy spirit shoes still in the store box ( too small for me ) . the book section is much better than most thrift shops . prices for most things are very low , a bit higher for designer , vintage or brand new items . frequent sales make the prices even more attractive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been into pegasus before but recently i have seen improvement in the store . since the last time i went in , the store has drastically changed . it is not only more tidy but more clean . this makes it easier to move around , since it 's a small space . i could n't believe how good the store looks . i bring in donations to pegasus whenever i have them . all proceeds go to a good cause , so i do n't hesitate to spend my money here , rather than at , say , a value village .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have tried many different thai places in the east valley and this has been my tride and true . i am consistently pleased with the food and the staff ! the atmosphere is nice and makes dining there a joy . i encourage anyone to try the thai custard dessert . its my favorite !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the portions seem okay , but actually they are n't that great ( they really cheap out on meat ) . i 've given them a couple chances , but both times i 've been very disappointed by how stingy they can be -- it 's almost all sauce ! come on , mint thai , you can do better than that ! i can understand being frugal with seafood , but ... chicken ? it 's not just with their entrees , but with their beverages . i got a $ 3.95 thai tea which was 3 4 ice ... on one of the coldest days of december . is the tea made of gold ? mint thai , for what special occasion are you squirreling away this cheap beverage ? sigh . it 's tasty overall , but i just feel awful paying the same price as other thai restaurants for truly half the food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place needs an a c. i 'm not going to visit this place between the months of june and august until they do .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place pretty good . a bit pricey especially for 4 spring rolls that are cut in half . i think those were almost $ 9 . i had the panang curry which was really good . i think i picked a level 7 of hotness and it was not hot enough for me . so overall good thai food . brown rice was yummy too . thai tea was ok and over priced for the amount they give you . server was nice but very hard to understand .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a nice little hidden gem in gilbert . pros : great food and flavor ! i am not a fan of super spicy food and this place is able to deliver great tasting thai food without burning your mouth off ! the inside is never busy , even on a saturday night . cons : they dont deliver and that is a real bummer . the inside is a really strange set up . there is odd placement of curtains and really bright lighting . there is also the family who probably owns it sitting around the resturant . my advice get the yellow curry and take it home and watch some netflix . now that sounds like a good night ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we saw this place a few times just driving by . we looked up the yelp reviews today and gave it a shot . whoa nelly ! this place is great ! the ambiance is ok , the food was spectacular and the service was a little `` moody '' - but maybe she had a bad day and there was a slight language barrier . the prices were reasonable and the portions were ample . we will return ! a solid 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered lunch to go for the first time today . i got spicy cashew chicken , hot . it was n't too hot i think next time i may get extra hot . the vegetables that came in it were good . i liked the chicken it was white meat and perfect size pieces . the man who took my money was very nice . i will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed this place . you get some great thai food with fresh ingredients for a great price . one of the ladies that runs the place was very friendly . her personality made the meal all the more enjoyable . i 'll be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went with a group of three on a friday night around 845pm . the first thing i hear when i get there is multiple tables complaining about the slow service . i should have taken this as a sign . we ordered the stuffed chicken wings , fried wontons , and the thai pork chops . while the food was n't anything to write home about , the service was slow , did n't provide silverware , and when we got plates they were dirty . the thai tea was decent .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "thai places in the east valley are all pretty similar . most offer a 6.95 lunch with an appetizer and one of the standard red green panang curries with some other dishes you would only try if you 'd already gotten your panang on this week ( or phad thai for the wusses ) . this place is no different in that respect , but i have found the food consistently pretty good and the service fast . dinner size portions are giant and will feed two people for 2 days . they can be skimpy with the rice here though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great first experience . loved the thai tea & soup . chicken rice was delicious too . looking forward to coming back soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to like coming here but there is one waitress that is so annoying that i wo n't be back . the last time i had my baby along and she hovered for 10 minutes saying what a cute baby he was . i think she wanted a big tip and was trying to butter me up . it 's really annoying to try and eat your food while a stranger is hovering over you . so if you do n't ' mind a strange person waiting on you then be my guest .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "did lunch on a tuesday , and ordered a lunch special . food was mediocre , and service was quite slow - it looked like they were well under-staffed , even for a slow ( ish ) weekday . close to where i was ( thanks yelp ) , so may go again , but i would n't make a special trip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "took out of towners for dinner and was very surprised at the poor quality of food and service . ordered one thing got another . ordered medium got mild . did n't complain cause there were 4 of us and did n't want to wait while others ate . but will not return anytime soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was so so . we went on easter they were not busy at all but the service was awful . they were slow and the food was n't that good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been here twice for dinner . excellent food and wonderful service by some very nice folks", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is amazing , service is atrocious . definitely worth braving crappy service , one of my favorite restaurants in the valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is stellar ! the staff is friendly and helpful . i highly recommend the mussaman curry and coconut shrimp !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually get the pad thai and it is sooo good . this place was my go to for thai food . as of lately the pad thai looks and tastes like it has been sitting out . not sure what 's going on but the lady on the phone has a chip on her shoulder . probably wo n't eat here for a while .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the best green curry chicken i have had in a long time . not much for ambiance , but it 's a great take out place . they are very accomadating to special dietary needs and have really good brown rice-upon request and will even add tofu to various dishes . i prefer to not eat in , as the staff is very difficult to understand and a bit too chatty ! if it was located in a nicer building and had better ambiance , i 'd give it a 5 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time i tried the place . th spring rolls were good , but the pad thai had zero flavor and zero spice . also no ordered the sizzling beef , and i couldnt figure out whether the flavors went well together , or were just plain weird . definitely better thai places in gilbert , and i wo n't be going back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we 've been here a few times . they do n't make my thai hot quite as hot as it is at swadee but it 's still very good . the service is hit or miss , though . sometimes it 's spot on , sometimes it 's not . last time we were here we waited a long time to be served and our one friend 's order was wrong . the food , though , is very good . i enjoy their panang curry and their nam sod . the nam sod is very good with a lot of ginger . i actually like the flavor of it better here than at swadee but the heat is better at swadee . they have a lot of vegetarian options which is nice and the portions are ample and good prices . i can always get a few meals out of one of their dishes so that 's a good thing . so , service is n't stellar , food is good , prices and portions are good so it 's a regular for us .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't be fooled by the meager strip mall location and the simple decor . the thai food here will delight your taste buds . when they offer the pumpkin curry , get it -- fantastic ! they also do a great job with coconut shrimp and pad thai , and they make a killer thai iced tea . the staff is friendly and attentive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love their curry noodles and spicy soup . their coconut ice cream with peanuts on top is delicious too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good thai . had the spicy chicken cashew , and it was really , really good . great flavor ... just thought the portion was a little bit too small , as i was definitely wanting more ! also had the `` siamese twins '' of chicken & seafood , along with bamboo shoots & green beans in green curry , and would definitely recommend this dish . server staff was humorous and amusing throughout the meal , and added to the peculiar ambiance of this restaurant great restaurant", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved it . the place was quiet , so we got good service , the lady was super friendly . we had all kinds of curry , and they were excellent . do n't know about the rest of the menu , but the curries were great . we also had desert some kind of ice cream and that was also good . we will definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sorry to write this bad review . the quality of the food is not there . their pad thai tasted like dog food . yes , dog food which both me and my husband agreed on . the shrimp fried rice is ok. shrimp are fresh , but the fried rice was't cook right . the two lunches we ordered , green curry & basil chicken , are the two better dishes we had that afternoon . we would not go back to this restaurant again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wrote a review under another account , but this one is mainly for restaurants . just went to mint thai again recently ... i have been going there for more than 20 years and have even been to thailand ( so i think i know a thing or two about thai food ) ... this place is one of my favorites ! mint thai is a bit of a `` whole-in-the-wall , '' but the food is great at a good value . i love the pumpkin curry with chicken . the homemade coconut ice cream is a must for dessert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was absolutely horrible ! the pepper steak was served in a gelatinous soup like substance . the brown rice was mush and had mysterious red color . meat was old n withered . as for the service . the woman always there , maybe the owner is certainly bat shit crazy ... as for the rest they are all pretty zany characters . ewww ! worst thai place in gilbert . i will never walk in that place again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our favorite place for authentic thai food , we 've been coming here for years ! great lunch specials too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is really amazing-but there is a catch . the servicr is really slow . once i waited 45 min in the restaurant for a to go order . another time it took almost an hour , and probably bc the order was lost . when we wanted some to go boxes , i had to stand there waiting for them to ask me fir , i kid you not 5 min . i ended up just finding them myself . also do tour own math on the bill .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food tastes all right , but i prefer thai rama better . i do n't think the number of times we 've gone here that we 've ever gotten really good service and i would have to say maybe it 's on the subpar side - service 2 star , food 4 star , so it averages to 3 stars . this restaurant has been around a long time , probably for over 20 years . i think when i went with my white husband way back when , we were treated better than when i go with my asian family . maybe asians like to treat asians poorly . i do n't know , but that 's not good . we do n't come here very often because who wants to feel aggravated when they eat , even if it 's good food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "keep in mind , thai food can be hot -- - super hot . so when you order , make sure you let them know what level of hot by how many `` stars '' you would like your food . mint thai cafe is good authentic thai food , so i order `` 0 '' hot . yes , i said `` 0 '' . do n't know what to order - order the chicken rama ! ! ! best dish in the place ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been coming here since i was in high school and that 's about 10 years ago now . the food still tastes exactly the same as it did back then and that 's one of the things i love about this place ! consistency in taste is important to me . my favorites are their thai fried rice , pad thai and curry noodles ! be careful with their spicy scale because i absolutely love super spicy food but their thai hot is too much , even for me ( which is rare ) . in terms of service , they have ladies from thailand that work the register and wait tables . you have to cut them a bit of slack . their english is very poor and sometimes it is hard to understand what they 're saying , but they 're sweet and all i really care about is the food quality and taste . : ) this is definitely my favorite thai place in arizona ... give them a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good place for lunch , prices are reasonable . lunch is offered mon - sat . we always enjoyed the food we get here . we normally order the fried rice lunch special , a noodle dish and another entree . friendly staff , can be slow sometimes when the restaurant get crowded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some great thai food at a very reasonable price . the chicken satay is amazing and the kang karee is really good too . and they have some of the best soups i have ever tried . this is definately a place to try for some high quality authentic thai cuisine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great thai place . my friend who lived in thailand for a while says that the food here is just as good as it is in the country . i find it delicious as well . i prefer the brown curry and the red curry both are great . the spiciness of the food is exponential though . im indian and i usually get 3 starts out of 4 but when you order 4 stars it will make you cry . i would recommend for most people 2 stars and for the week 1 star .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drive 20-30 minutes just to have their rama beef ! the tom kha soup is also excellent . wife likes the pad thai . service can be slow but food is worth the wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered take out from here yesterday and i was really impressed by how quickly the food was ready . i ordered the lard na ( # 61 ) and it was amazing . the sauce was delicious and the beef was really good quality . the veggies were also cooked perfectly ( not too firm , not too mushy ) . i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the best thai food restaurants in the valley . the reason for this is because of the food , not the service . many people are annoyed by the servers , who all struggle with english . if there is any doubt in your mind about whether they understood you , speak up immediately and ask them to read your order back . especially if you like to request lots of modifications , they probably did n't get it right . the quality of the food differs a lot from night to night , but it 's usually a cut above the other thai places around . pad thai and coconut icecream are two standout menu items .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has been here for years and i swear the waitress never ages ... she sometimes comes across as grumpy , but she means well . the food is fantastic , in nearly 17 years i 've never had a bad meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the meat is always very juice and delicious . not a fan of the buns , but what prompted me to give 3 stars is my last visit when i ordered a side salad with my meal . i got like five leafs of lettuce and not much of anything else . my husband even commented on it when he saw it and he never complains . perhaps it was this one time but when businesses cheap out on things like a salad it angers me because i do n't enjoy paying crazy amounts for a burger meal to be given 5 pieces of lettuce ... and i 'm not even talking about full leafs of lettuce , i mean the cut up type .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is our go to burger joint when we are up that way . you can get the burger in a size that my better half will enjoy , and you will a nice list of toppings , and good sides of either fried onion rings , or french fries . i have tried other hero location , but in this one , it seems the owner is hands on . their meat is tasty , and they manage to serve up a juicy burger , every time . this is not gourmet , but its good ! devan has also mentioned the advertised quality of the meat , and the fact that is angus beef . all of that makes this place my choice for burgers when it comes to a franchised chain .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the third hero location and again i am disappointed . the chicken burger was small , and the sweet potato fries were soggy . my son 's hamburger was ok and his fries were soggy as well . i would expect a bit better for the $ 25 but what can you do when teenagers are the staff on hand .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the worst hero burger ever ! this owner is probably a cheap-ass and cut down on all cost ! no special coke machine ( they only have a dirty old coke machine ) . no heinz ketchup.. the ketchup dispenser was old looking and they used dollar store container to hold the ketchup cups . burger taste old and not fresh at all ! never going back even though it ta close to home !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the good - best choice is the 6oz hero burger . thick , juicy and surprisingly flavourful . sweet potato fries are tasty and crispy way better than their regular fries . the bad - the soul veg burger sucks . hard , dry and tasteless . the 4oz slim hero beef burger is actually thicker than the soul veg . for the price stick with the beef .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dear owners : try washing the sinks in the men 's washroom ... oh and putting soap in the soap dispenser also goes a long way .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place to get vegetarian burger . it 's fresh and tastes good . most other places have dry wafer-like hard patty but here is a different story . `` soul burger '' is the best and i love mango sauce & additional toppings of portobello mushrooms and pineapple . onion rings are the best here , fries are great too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hit or miss burger joint . they forgot to put any condiments in my burger last time . however , i 've been going to this location everytime i crave a burger and it generally satisfies . i was dissapointed when i found it they were frozen patties but hey , it 's angus beef !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're in a mood for a quick burger it will be a great choice ! huge selection of toppings to satisfy any taste . i would recommend adding goat cheese to any other toppings you are getting , their goat cheese is really good and melts perfectly on top of all the toppings ! it is differently better than other fast food burger joints such as macdonald , burger king and wendy 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only have good things to say about this burger joint . that holds true until my last visit which was a month ago . i have been to this burger joint in quite a few places but decided to review this one as it is my first one . the portions are bug and if you ever try their combo which is slightly less than $ 10 you will never consider those small overpriced combos in other popular burger joints . the burgers come in variety of sizes ( 4oz. , 6oz. , 8oz . ) and there 's a hefty list of condiments and toppings which is sure to fit anyone 's choice . now , the beef burgers are good but my favourite item on their menu is the wild alaskan salmon fillet . it is just delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i never thought i 'd get into thai food , but yesterday was one of those mornings when i just plain ole forgot to pack a lunch . i was getting a little tired of the typical burgers , hoagies , hotdogs , and pizza slices . well a coworker suggested nicky 's and indeed a few of my subordinates order from here quite frequently . nicky 's has some good , reasonably priced lunch specials . for about 8 bucks or so , you can get a complete lunch with either soup or salad . i tried the chicken basil with garlic , eggplant , and a whole bunch of asian veggies too numerous to list . the chicken was tender , the veggies fresh , and the garlic not overpowering . i 'm normally a soup maven , but i tried the salad with the pineapple dressing and found it very refreshing . i 'm not sure if thai will become my everyday `` go to '' cuisine , but nicky 's was a nice change of pace and i 'll recommend it for our next supervisors luncheon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummmm . warm , wonderful thai food in both temperature and spice . beautifully presented . more authentic than most . best dumplings around . perfectly cooked rice . the food is five stars ; i 'd give five stars overall if the place were n't so crowded and swamped during lunch hour . that being said , it 's just a testament to how popular they are . please get on grubhub ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to this place on a whim for lunch . great food and service . `` spicy '' is hard to find around pitt but this place delivered . i had the pumpkin curry with chicken , friend had a beef dish . both were outstanding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tom ka soup is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there 's a reason why this place is always packed to the gills by noon ( even on a weekend ) and gets its rep for the best thai food in pittsburgh . i came here with a group and we were seated surprisingly quickly for how busy it was . i got a nice and spicy curry , and cooled it down with a thai iced tea . i have zero complaints about it ; it was absolutely delicious and i 'm glad that they did n't condescend on that spice . ( sometimes restaurants around here think you really want a 3 when you legitimately ask for a 7 or 8 ! ) the service was friendly and quick too . for a downtown office worker , i do n't stop by to at least get take out nearly as often as i should be doing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just finished my soup and grilled squid appetizers . i do n't need to wait for the main course to give my review . something horrible would have to happen to lower my opinion opinion here . got the pumpkin curry . i swear i teared up . please come here . so good ... so good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here several times . the decorations are gold and extravagant . the tables are pretty close together , and it does get packed- especially at lunch . that being said- the crab rangoon is out of this world ! ! ! so delicious . it comes with many of the lunches as well as a soup or salad . i 'm pretty new to thai but i do love the pineapple fried rice and the basil fried rice with vegetables . the spice scale was 1-10 and now it 's 1-5 , so that 's a little confusing but i like some spice so i 'll order on the higher end . prices are much more reasonable at lunch as opposed to dinner , but the portions are big . they also do takeout , so that 's a good option if you 're in a hurry . i 'd say it 's a great option to take someone for a meal when you 're downtown .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so maybe my expectations are high , but terrible service , slow to arrive food , overly expensive and for the love of all gods , do not get the thai coffee . i do n't get why this place packed ! the food is ok , not great , and certainly not at the top of the thai list in the pgh area . more so certainly not good enough for the subpar service and premium expense . lunch on 6 8 , seated at 11:25am , 3 guests , food ordered at 11:30 , food arrives at 12:05 ! this my third time at this restaurant and it is consistently bad , plus it made me really sick today within 30 minutes of finishing the meal which is unusual for me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a lovely spot in downtown pittsburgh for authentic thai food . highlights for me were the shrimp cakes , an appetizer , and the grapow . the shrimp cakes are full of kaffir lime leaf . delicious . i make a grapow at home , so i had to try theirs . it was really terrific . a note on the spice . if you ask , they will light you up . order plenty of beer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried the garlic duck medium spicy , not bad and a lot for an entree . the place is a little bit crowded though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved the food.. it was spicy as expected and great to taste . good authentic thai food . the only problem is that the restaurant is too cramped up if it gets filled.. hardly any place to move around . other than that its worth going there for their awesome food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got pad thai with tofu to go , as well as the fresh spring rolls . unfortunately , it was all disappointing . because i came for lunch , i got a free salad . the salad was swimming in dressing , and was soggy and almost inedible . the spring rolls had too much rice paper used as the wrapping , and the sauce tasted just like hoisin with chopped peanuts on top . the pad thai was dry and inedible , and unbelievably bland . i ordered it with a spice level of 4 5 , and it had no flavor at all . i have no idea why this restaurant has such high ratings and i 'm hoping my meal was just a fluke .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "samosas 4life ! ! ! ! good food good service cool place , go here on a date . not a place you should let your kids run around in though . byob", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! great food , diligent service , good atmosphere . watch the curries if you are n't accustomed to spicy thai , server said base line is 3 on a scale of 10 , and she was n't kidding . yummy stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "umm yeah , great meal ! my second visit to nicky 's was just as good as the first . this time i ordered the mini egg rolls and cashew chicken vegetable entree . needless to say , i was not disappointed . the eggrolls arrived , nicely garnished with a delightful dipping sauce . 5 mini egg rolls , that were fried , but not at all greasy . pretty tasty . the entree , was very good , huge portion , lots of tender chicken , crunchy cashews , crisp broccoli , carrots and onion in a delightful sweet spicy sauce . i substituted brown rice ( $ 2.50 upcharge ) for the white rice . the brown rice was much different than i expected , really dark brown , and a bit sticky , but yummy and a great accompaniment to the entree . i did n't have room for dessert , maybe next time . also my server ben was very cordial and accomodating . i 'll definitely return to nicky 's !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a super place , no doubt ! it 's very nicely decorated , and both not too big or too small inside . the staff are very nice and friendly too . and the food is truly delicious : we mainly had appetizers ( egg rolls , spring rolls , thai samosas , chicken satay ) , but also really enjoyed a scrumptious ginger chicken and a heaping serving ( not that the ginger chicken was n't a generous portion ) of delectable thai fried rice . the drinks were merely okay , not very special - but we really came for the food and it was fantastic !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved it ! ! ! ! really i do n't want to say more . it 's always busy apparently , but rightfully so .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was good , but expensive and the portions were small . i do n't see why people rave about it . i think people who say it 's the best thai in the 'burgh have n't been to every thai place in the 'burgh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i met a friend here for dinner on a friday night . do yourself a favor and make reservations ! the place is decorated nicely and has lots of culture on the walls . one star loss for service- just my server . the rest of the staff seemed great . he was just not keeping up . look , i do n't demand much , but when i have to beg for a refill and i 'm eating an 8 out of 10 level spicy meal ... please , please keep the cup full . : ) i ordered the tiger cry beef for an appetizer and it was freaking amazing . perfectly cooked . as my meal i ordered the green curry mango salmon . looks like a sloppy mess- taste was on par . it was served with a side of rice but it did n't need it . it was very tasty- and relatively healthy if you do n't eat the whole dang plate , but fair warning , that will be tough .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a great dinner . loved the sampler entr\u00e9e . place was busy but the got us in ... service was great too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have n't been back to nicky 's in a couple years , but was really in the mood for some noodles and some spice . of course i went with the spicy noodles ! i only went mild as i do remember going with a medium last time and almost died from the heat , but even the mild has a great kick . my lunch came with a small side soup which was good . i would recommend this place for someone looking to purposely give themselves a runny nose and a little heat burn . very good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite thai restaurants in the city . the service is great , the food is delicious and the atmosphere is fun . i 've been there for lunch and dinner and both times are great times to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely five star food . so many options , even for the non adventurous . i love all the curries and the house salad is to die for . the decor is fun . even the gold plates and silver wear help set the atmosphere . my only criticism is the service is n't the quickest . very friendly and helpful , but not somewhere id stop on my lunch break with more than one or two colleagues . anything larger of a group seem to slow them to a crawl . also , later at night service becomes slower as the night goes on . still a place i 'm very happy to return to and recommend it to any foodie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as big fans of nicky 's north side location , we were pretty optimistic that their new ( ish ) downtown location would n't disappoint . simply put ... it did n't . the vibe is definitely more `` downtown '' and upscale , but the service and food are equally excellent . this location has a liquor license , and we were surprised at their reasonable prices on many of the alcoholic beverages . the menu looks a bit different , but is nearly identical to the north side location . similar to the western ave. nicky 's , this location gets crazy busy , and the layout has even more tables crammed into a fairly small space . be prepared to get a little cozy with your neighbors . overall , we were really pleased with every aspect of our experience , and will likely be back soon . the food standards were on par with their other location , and it was nice to see some of their top waitstaff from the north side working downtown !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to several thai restaurants in pittsburgh but nicky thai is the restaurant with the most options ! unique thai cuisine at a reasonable price ! the d\u00e9cor at the restaurant is unique as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite go-to take out asian ! two blocks from our apartment nikki 's is convenient , reasonably priced and consistent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent ambience . food was pretty okish . its loud because of tables placed very close to each other . small flies spotted .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the most delicious thai food i 've ever laid mouths on . just from walking in and inhaling the breathable air i knew i made the right decision for a friday night . i had the mango curry and it was absolutely amazing . large , supple slabs of mango and crisp strips of thinly sliced ginger made for bursts of flavor my mind was unaware were possible . they had a full staff that worked together to ensure my glass was never half empty and my questions about life and happiness were never unanswered . bonus : the shorter server with the sight accent has a smile and a sideways glance every bit as delicious as the cuisine . i highly recommend everything about this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff were friendly enough and the place looked nice . i had a green curry with chicken it came filled with vegetables and a good size serving but as other reviews have noted , peas have no place in a curry . they tasted weird and out of place . and the deal breaker for me was the curry itself . the chicken had a greyish blue tinge because the curry quite obviously had some sort of food dye in it . it was a bright minty green . if you make this using proper ingredients you do n't need to do this . it had a thai-ish taste but clearly not well made . disappointing and unappetising .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best thai food i 've ever had . prices were reasonable , service was excellent , ambience was wonderful ! ! we had mussels , fried tofu in peanut sauce , tom kha soup , and pumpkin curry ... it was all to die for ! many gluten free choices and the wait staff were very helpful . i will only be in town a week , but can be sure i will return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little hidden door restaurant , this place is a gem . crowded on weekday afternoons and nights , i can see why . the food is absolutely amazing . went for dinner one night and lunch the next day . get the green curry , crab rangoon , tofu tamarind or anything else they have .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for lunch and was happily surprised by the delicious and fresh food . the chicken panang came with a choice of soup or salad . i chose the soup , yum . the panang was spicy ( i asked for it ) and loaded with fresh veggies . really a great deal and delight for $ 9.00 !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried the basil with tofu last week and was pleasantly surprised -- one of the better thai meals i 've had around town . this is definitely going to become a regular lunch spot for me , especially since they have a bar which makes meals for one more convenient . on a tuesday around 1 pm , it was a bustling place , so you might have trouble getting a table !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had pad thai for the first time today and i do n't think anywhere else will ever compare . wonderful service , wonderful decor , affordable and wonderful food- i had an excellent time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yumma ! their green thai ice tea is bomb . com everything was delicious here as it was my first time . fresh spring rolls were surprisingly fresh with tofu ! delicious and they cut it into small finger pieces . tiger spicy beef was nothing special for an appetizer . beef was actually really good tho . pad thai was great with beef . spicy basil rice was amazing . tom yum soup was good , but i did n't like it with the chicken as it was dry . try getting it with beef or seafood . chef special : spicy basil fish : something i was not expecting . it was fillets of fish , but i thought it was a whole fried tilapia fish ) : but it was still tasted okay . they customize the spice to anything you 'd like from 1-10 , and i always get 10 cause nothing is ever really spicy to me especially at places like these who accommodates to non spicy eaters . refer to pics for food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything i 've tried on their menu has been excellent . they get ridiculously busy during lunch , so make sure you get there by 11:30 if you do n't want an hour long wait . after trying almost everything on their menu , i keep coming back to garprow pork lad kao . for around $ 9 , this dish ca n't be beat . it has flavorful meat , rice , egg and some greens . the steamed dumplings make for an excellent appetizer , and the dipping sauce they serve with the dumplings is very well done . my only gripe with this place is the inconsistency in their 1-10 spice scale . a 9 tastes like 6 one day and 8 the other . i just gave up and started ordering 10 . maybe i should try 'thai hot ' , but i do n't think my colleagues will appreciate that ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food ! always busy at lunch . one complaint is that you feel rushed and you 're basically sitting on top of people ( once seated ) or standing huddled like you 're on the t on a steelers game to get a table . slower hours great service and fantastic food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped here before the theater and loved it . i had the scallop soup and the seafood noodle dish both from the chef 's menu . the d\u00e9cor was beautiful , the whole place smelled of jasmine , and the service was excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this seems to be a hot spot for lunch in downtown pittsburgh ! ! ! even during busy lunch crowd , we had quick service ! portions were definitely generous for lunch pricing ! great variety of menu items and everything was tasty !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nicky 's is good thai food . not a bs restaurant . they do a very good job . best thai in pittsburgh imho . go here , be happy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible experience ! 1st of all its a 95 degree day in pgh and had to be 85 inside the restaurant ! miserable as soon as you walk in ! the salad is pathetic . about 6 pieces of lettuce . 2 of us ordered the chicken pad see ew . the portion was very small . ( i would have still been hungry ) we said something to the waiter who then got another person , who then got another person who finally got the manager . we explained the disappointment & she stood there for 5 minutes & disagreed with us saying it is a lunch portion . ( never even apologized ) finally she said she would get us new servings . plates came back with a few more soggy , over salted noodles that neither of us even ate . we will stick with siam thai , where you get large portions & treated with respect ! i 've worked in the industry for 20+ years & you apologize to the customer & make it right ! ! never will i step foot in your restaurants again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it looks like a popular place for lunch because by 12pm the place was full and we saw people waiting for the table . but food wise it was very mediocre thai locking any flavor but spiciness . ambiance was beautiful , but the noise level was just deafening . though the service was efficient and nice we are not planing to come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent thai food . i 've visited for lunch a few times . all of the food is awesome . the portions are very large . you wo n't leave hungry . if you like spicy , they will make it spicy for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a very special place to find incredible , authentic thai food . everything i 've tried there has been of superior quality . the restaurant has an ambiance of peace and good will . the authentic art work everywhere gives a special feel of thailand . the wait staff is extraordinary and this has become my very favorite restaurant . try the crab rangoons , the mango curry or pineapple fried rice . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "plenty amount of food . very yummy curry and chef 's speciality . but long time to wait for the cuisine", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to thailand twice , and my entree here ( pad thai ) was hands down the most authentic , best thai food i have had since then . the wait staff were also extremely friendly , making for a perfect dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service seemed to be pretty good and the restaurant overall was clean and comfortable . i started out with the fresh spring rolls . they 're a little different at this restaurant ... vegetarian using tofu in lieu of shrimp and crab . somewhat dry and tasteless . then i had the seafood tum yum soup . it was ok , again not the best i 've had ... somewhat salty and lacked some of the typical flavors i 've had at other thai restaurants , i.e . light on the lime juice and too heavy on the fish sauce . finally , i had the grilled squid ... not very good at all ... overlooked , not much of it and unimpressive dressing . sorry folks ... not very impressed with this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food : oh my goooooosh- soooooooo good ! came here for the first time a few months ago and i got the mango curry . yes , mango ! i 've never had anything like it- it was delicious ! service : service was excellent- servers very attentive . ambiance : unique , but in a good way ! i really liked the decor . it kind of reminded me of a restaurant in a larger city like nyc or chicago- loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little thai restaurant . it 's loud at lunch but we 'll worth it . the currys are all fantastic . service is quick . the place is clean . prices good . try it out ! oh , btw i just had the vegan duck curry . absolutely delicious and to die for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food great portions . clean . great service . best thai food in pittsburgh . have to try this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes i liked the food . this was my first time here , so ordered little less than intended . after tasting i liked it and looking to go next time as well . the dine place is some what crowded and small . so prefered the takeout .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a few dishes , tom yum was great ( low on broth and then charged us for more broth ) , veggie dumpling special ( not good at all ) , thai iced tea ( decent ) , tamarind tofu ( delicious but even with a high spice level , was still sweet ) and basil fried rice ( good quantity ) . overall , atmosphere was great and staff was friendly and portions were large . they were not accommodating for broth and spice levels were not accurate . none of the curries were vegetarian either ( never had this happen before ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to this location twice . the first time was about a year back and we loved the curries . we had a chance to visit this place a couple of days back . we ordered the fresh spring rolls , tom yum soup and pad thai . the fresh spring rolls were great . i did not care for the pad thai and the soup so much . it was flavorful and did not appeal to me . it 's a good spot with great ambiance .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was n't great , service was so so but the most significant reason i would n't recommend this place was the noise was utterly deafening . i 'm not talking loud , i 'm talking ear splitting . if you have any desire to converse , you had better know sign language . next !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had n't been to nicky 's until a couple coworkers offered to order take out for all of us to grab for lunch . it was good . a little on the greasy side , but good . the thai style fried rice was rich in flavor and the 7 level was kicking enough to clear the sinuses but not so hot it overpowered the palate . and while the portion side was great , the bottom part of the dish was greasy enough where the rice was rather soggy . one thing is for sure , this is one of the few places where you can always trust the spicy scale .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yet another good thai restaurant in the 'burgh ! a bit pricey , but hey it 's downtown ! we liked most of the foods ordered . in general more spicy than some other thai places out there , so be cautious when answering how spicy you want your food ! nice environment is a plus . note it could be crowded sometimes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice decoration and food was good too . try the coconut sake , it 's very silky", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ate at niky 's last evening . like a dumb bunny i never thought to make reservations and the place was packed . they found seating for us and a late arrival guest with in 10 minutes . what can i say , the food came out quick and it was delicious ! my first guest had never eaten there before and he ordered the duck . he raved about it ! my ty soup and the s & s chicken was excellent ! my late arrival guest had the chicken mango salad . he was scraping the plate !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had thai food all over the city and nicky 's remains at the top of the list . the soups are perfection . when i worked in greentree they would make deliveries to our office and the food was as fresh as if we were at the restaurant . get the spring rolls ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the best thai food i had ever eaten ! we were in town for a conference and once we discovered this place we kept on going back , we did n't care if it was lunch , dinner , or if we had more thai food than we had ever had in a row . we just had to have more . so delicious . my favourite was a vegetarian green curry with mango dish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great mixed drink ( mango sangria ) , food was good ! they did n't mix the spice well in one of my co-workers food so he ended up swallowing the last few bites in hell haha . i would come here again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great . very flavorful tom yum soup with veggies . it was spicy and flavorful with tons of veggies . service at the bar was attentive . panang curry with chicken could have served 2 and i wished i was n't at hotel so i could have brought back leftover . good find for sure . $ 38 tab for 2 glasses of chard , soup and meal . very good ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nicky 's is great . thai is me and my boyfriend 's go-to food when we do n't know what else to have . they have the best pad thai i 've ever had . in the warm weather , request to sit outside , you may have to make a reservation or call ahead for this . it 's absolutely gorgeous in their outdoor section .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best thai food in the greater pittsburgh area ! their noodle dishes are just so flavorful and the red curry is delicious . i also had the jalape\u00f1o chicken and the peanut chicken and the ginger chicken from the entrees and they all just busted with flavor . their spicy is very spicy if that 's what you 're into and their mild is just as flavorful without the extra spice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an excellent thai restaurant in the city on penn ! ! the food was delicious and the service was very good . i do n't claim to be a thai food expert like some of the reviewers , but i know good food when i taste it , and i definitely recommend nicky 's ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "situated in the cultural district , nicky 's is a great choice for a good meal before going to a show . i was served very quickly and had lots of dinner specials to choose from . it 's a little different from your typical thai restaurant , the chef is creative and willing to try new dishes . although the northside location is still my favorite , the downtown location is darn convenient . the decor is upscale and lovely .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "complete and utter garbage . we stood near the counter waiting ... and waiting to even get spoken to while two people helped one lady . the girl who was working gave me the dirtiest look once she glanced up from her phone and then continued to ignore us . then someone came out from the back and helped us . every employee was completely rude . the store 's carpet is falling apart and i almost fell over the tape where they were `` attempting '' to make it safer for customers to walk on . never again . they are terrible at their job .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you do end up going here just know exactly what your wanting and needing , because you will not get suggestions from this staff especially the girl who works on saturdays very blahhhh , acted as if i was inconveniencing her by asking questions . rude , rude , rude ! she did not want my business at all ... they 're are a ton of other places in this town for shirts , stickers etc . to have made and they will treat you a thousand times better than how i was treated by alexandra at this store on saturday .oh and if you call to speak to a manager apparently they 're are n't any official managers to make aware of things ... what a joke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after emailing 4 local companies for quotes and not hearing back from any , i resorted to this mall store . and i 'm so glad i did . i guess the other companies did n't want to be bothered with my one t-shirt order , but the t-shirt diner was more than happy for the business . unfortunately i did n't catch the guys name ( skinny with glasses ) , but he was awesome in every way . friendly , helpful , and he quickly photoshopped my graphic to be exactly how i wanted it . it was about $ 25 for the finished shirt and totally worth it . pricing is comparable to other websites , and you only wait 5 minutes instead of 5-12 business days . i 'll definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the shirts that i had made here for our march of dimes family team . i had both front and back done in 4 gillter colors plus a design . was it pricy . yes . but i would pay it all over again as we wear our shirts every year for the walk . ( and they had n't been done in for years so we where overdo for new ones . ) i will be back for any custom shirts in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great place ! they were really nice and helpful ! with their help my twin granddaughters sweet sixteen t-shirts were designed and ready in an hour . very happy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ryan helped us out for some family shirts for disney . he made the designs exactly like we wanted , had them done on time , and was super friendly ! i definitely recommend using them for custom shirts ; even if you just have an idea from an image on the internet , they will make sure you get exactly what you want ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service here was very good . they help you with suggestions and what i like is you can give them your order and pick it up within the hour . so you place your order , go shop in the rest of the mall , come back and your order is ready . they can do hats , sweatshirts , t-shirts . i brought in several under armor items and they were able to personalize them no problem . enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm rocking this men 's baseball tee with a disney font that says `` hug dealer '' . it 's awesome to see the designer behind the counter work with you on the big screen and be really flexible with ideas . my friend had a photo taken on an iphone which she emailed and they definitely printed that photo on a shirt which was n't bad in quality ! it only took 45 minutes for two shirts considering you can kill time shopping or eating or both . although my friend called ahead of time the person who told her if she were to bring in her own shirt it would have to be 100 % cotton but the shirts they provided were only 50 % cotton . we still tipped the man behind the counter with him working with us . i 'll be back soon with another shirt idea .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i worked with aaron on two of my rental properties and the experience was very professional and easy . the company is very knowledgeable about their products and convinced me to install the turf . i 'm really happy with the outcome and hope to use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently had turf direct install synthetic grass in our back yard . the installers showed up right on time and did a fantastic job . they came in removed the original grass , prepped the yard and installed the new turf in just a few hours . the lawn looks great and they cleaned up everything before they left .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent customer service ! very knowledgable and answered all of my questions ! very happy with turf direct !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i filled out the online form asking for more information . someone from their office called me saturday afternoon and i explain to him what i was wanting done . first he complained i was out of town . yes i live outside of scottsdale , but still in the phoenix metro . he says he 'll have to check his schedule and he 'll get back to me . never heard back from him .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "turfdirect did an outstanding job of installing turf in my yard . my dog loves frolicking there now , and i love my new maintenance-free view ! the staff were easy to work with , reliable , and professional from day 1 . i would definitely choose them again in a heartbeat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys bring in the highest quality materials and team . our turf looks amazing and we have received numerous compliments . ken was the man the whole way through the process .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they gave the best price after getting 3 different quotes . they showed up right when they said they would ; which is hard to find these days . sandy even took me around and showed me a couple of jobs they had done ; so i could be sure the work is well done . the guys worked hard the whole day and the result is a beautiful yard that is maintenance free ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heard about turfdirect from an associate of mine . i was in the market after purchasing my first home and decided to inquire . i wanted a nice green yard , while also being conscious of the environmental impacts , i figured turf was the way to go . i was taken care of promptly and got a quote the same day . when the guys came out to install the turf they were very nice and worked hard until the job was complete . i enjoyed every aspect of my experience with turfdirect , i highly recommend using them for your turf needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just added some more synthetic grass in our backyard had turf direct come out and install it . they are a very professional company to work with i would rrecommend them to anyone ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently hired turf direct to put in some synthetic grass for a dog run at our home . everyone we worked with from the company was professional and friendly & i was thrilled with the final product & timely manner that our project was completed . i would highly suggest them , and plan to use them if we ever do a putting green ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great company - wonderful product ! perfect for arizona ! thanks turf direct !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome turf company . they were quick , efficient , communicated well and my finished backyard looks like a lush slice of paradise in the desert ! its not the cheapest option you 've ever seen , but i would pay the money again for sure . it 's 100 % worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "turf direct installed artificial grass in my back yard recently and i am very happy with it ! i had gotten more than one quote but sandy 's was the best . and the guys who installed it were very nice , very professional , & worked their butts off because part of my yard was rock . they did a total of 350 sq . ft. in under 5 hours . it looks great , and will make my summer a whole lot more enjoyable ! thanks to everyone at turf direct . and guess what - it was made in america !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cost estimator and installation crew were courteous and arrived on the days we selected . office staff was very helpful as well . job was done with no delay and the results were great . we will definitely recommend company to friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best decision i 've made in years ! great customr service , thank you turf direct ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rented a 10x20 from this location for four years . professional staff and a clean facility . they had a small increases in rates over the years - just keeping up with inflation . faby , the site manager , was a pleasure to work with . you know someone cares about their customers when they take the the time to call you - 4 months after you move all your stuff out , to tell you they have been mailed ( what looks like a check ) from the place to which i consigned my furniture for sale . this actually happened twice since the consignment store ca n't seem to hang onto my home address and keeps sending checks to the place they picked up my furniture ( extra space ) . anyway , long story - just suggesting this is the type of place management you want to do business with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they should have their workers experience the swamp coolers and not the air conditioning they get . i had to move my stuff out asap because their `` air cooled '' storage is a joke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i went on a bus tour with this company . we purchased tickets for the deluxe montreal - all inclusive tour . i am glad that i went on this tour . the tour guide was nice and knowledgeable . we saw all of the highlights throughout montreal . we had some stops to take bathrooms breaks and photos . if you are a tourist who will be in montreal for a short time , a tour such as this one would be good for you to experience the best that the city offers . the only problem that i experienced with this bus tour company was that their location to pick up tickets was a bit difficult to find .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely not worth the money . we paid for a days worth of touring and did find it to be somewhat enjoyable for our first look at montreal . however after paying 170 for two days , we were shocked to find that the night tours were an entirely separate expense ! ! we were n't informed of this , but ended up paying even more to try the night tour . however the driver was terribly trained and got lost , taking the bus into some factory wasteland area that looked disgusting ( meanwhile with no guide narrating the tour , we tourists had no idea where we were being taken ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we were only told we could have the $ 55 per person tour good for 2 days . they claimed the bus stops by every 30 minutes to pick up people but we ended up waiting 50 minutes . we wasted a lot of time at the bus stop . it is bad when you time your visit at a stop to be back to pick up a bus that does not show up on time . the only reason this gets 2 stars is because the tour we got was good for 2 days .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not to recommend . to expensive for what it is . you have to pay for 2 days also if you want only one day and the hours when the bus drives are very limited . also with very nice weather it was not a tourist double deck bus bus a normal travel bus which limited view . at last the driver was not understandable in french or english and only tried to make some bad joke . i regretted to choose this attraction .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "chaos on saturday of labor day weekend . too many tourists-not enough buses . yes , buses come every 15 mins but are full so you can not get on . some people had to wait an hour . forget about getting a seat on the top of an open air double decker bus-impossible . take the air conditioned hop on coach bus-great seats , better views and guides . btw-the double decker buses have small seat ( think small school bus seats and worse , screens on the windows which obstruct your views . horrible experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tim & faith ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! performance dates january 18-19 , 25-26 february 1-2 , 15-16 & 22-23 march 1-2 april 12-13 , 26-27 i 'll be honest , i would n't consider myself a fan of either . we had the privileage of attending a preview performance and we were soo happy we went ! it was a wonderful show ! both of them walked through the audience several times and interacted with the crowd . they even took a few pics with the audience & the guitar tim played on he signed then and there and gave it to a guest . tickets can be purchased through the dreaded ticketmaster . highly recommended ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in most cases , when something is broken , you can return it for a full refund . this concert was a waste of time and money . forgotten words , talking during songs , awkward interactions and sub standard sound . i believe the sound issues must be due to some adjustment made for tim and faith , as the lead singer of the opening band , had a clear , strong voice that was easy to hear . i really wanted to enjoy this experience , however , it was impossible due to the unprofessional delivery . very unfortunate ! i left early , as a result . ( san diego 7 23 17 ) . $ 145 and the cost of lyft rides down the drain .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i would have read the reviews before choosing my seats ! ! ! for once ... the cheap seats in the back were better than front row ! ! this was their best show yet ! i had no idea they would be so interactive with audience ! ! ! ! instead of starting on stage ... they came out right behind me ! they were both shaking everyone 's hands . i sat in sec c row r seats 68-69 . i recommend choosing row t ( if u are looking at seating chart this is on the right ) closest to the aisle ! ! they enter and exit the show at row t in right corner . they walk up and down the aisle several times ! ! so seats at the end of the aisle are best ... like 61-62 . even though they say no phones allowed , get it out for pics the second the show starts ! ! they were n't strict at all . i 'm so used to seeing them in huge stadiums ... this venue was amazing . their voices sounded amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just saw them in portland , oregon . the band was way too loud and drowned out the vocals on most of the songs . faith hill looked tired and her vocals were good but she did n't hit her normal high range at times . i talked to quite a few concert goes after the show and many had the same impressions . some said their concert tour before this one was way better . overall , i was very disappointed in their performance . the costs did n't justify it if i was to do it again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst concert we 've ever seen in our life . left early after spending $ $ $ on the tickets , buying them presale . we were so excited . like other reviewers say , the band bass was too loud to hear the vocals . everything was muffled as a result . such a waste of a night .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have heard faith hill and tim mcgraw 's music on the radio and was looking forward to hearing them in person . the concert was in san diego . i could not understand any of the words they were singing as the band was way too loud . very unfortunate because we payed a lot of money for the tickets . the opening act was great . very talented young women . tim hardly did any singing and was off stage a lot of the time . do n't waste your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "believe the reviews on this one . i paid almost $ 200 for a mediocre concert at best . i have loved both musicians for years . the new music is not what it used to be . faith did most of the singing and is trying out some kind of dark , non-melodic , minor-key alternative rock . let 's put it this way . . . no one in my section made a sound during faith 's performance . at first , i thought they were just being conservative . then tim came out and everyone stood up . compare this to garth brooks . garth tore it up ! he still has the magic and chose upbeat , popular songs . as far as mr. & mrs. mcgraw . . . save your money on this one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "saw their show at san diego last night ( 23rd july 2017 ) - deeply disappointing , just dreadful . she kept forgetting her lyrics and sang some very oddly chosen songs that definitely were n't country ( e.g . tina turner , good but not what i want to hear from this pair ? ! ) . screens were hardly on , so unless you were at the front you could n't see them . long delay before they came on `` technical problems '' for 40 minutes . no air con . but the absolute worst thing was the sound mixing - the base was pounding so hard that the whole room vibrated . what 's that about ? it 's not country . seemed like they were compensating for something . very disappointing- we left early . what a rip off . wish we could complain to someone . how do you get a refund on a crap concert ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to san diego concert last night which was a huge disappointment ! i 've never written a review but felt compelled so others do n't waste their money . faith hill forgot most of her songs . tim mcgraw spent half the time walking around pounding his chest for the crowd to clap . they both seemed extremely odd like they were on drugs . so dissapointed i will never buy a ticket to their show again . complete bust !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i saw them in ontario , ca on 0722 2017 as well as the first one . the sound was horrible at the first one also at honda center , ca . it sounded like a pool speaker . i gave it another chance . sorry i did . i think like a lot of people below . way too loud and could not hear their voices over the band . wayyy over produced show . need to strip it down to basics . tim looked like he did n't know the words sometimes . i was suspect about some lip syncing also . there will be no soul to soul iii for me unless things change a lot . save your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recently saw soul2soul in phoenix on 7 21 17 and i 'm sorry to say it was a huge disappointment . i purchased the tickets 9 months ago and i have been looking forward to the concert ever since . i 've seen tim mcgraw many times over the years with cameo appearances by faith . first off , the opening act was enjoyable however the hour-long break afterwards was not . the band was way too loud , faith 's behavior was odd , she constantly flung her hair around , she could not hit the notes many times , often either not able to belt the words out or she forgot them , and i wonder if she was mad at tim ! : ) i saw no connection between the two of them . tim on the other hand , who i actually went to see and love , was so theatrical . he spent a good portion of the concert throwing himself down on his knees . the kicker for me was when he felt it necessary to elicit applause from the audience . we left early . it really is sad !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well worth the money . i go to a lot of show concerts in chicago & in nashville . this show was fantastic . we had aisle seats . they arrive right out into the seating . shaking hands , letting you take photos & putting on a great show . no opening act . just who you pay to see . that 's who u see . get a chance . do it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "based on recent reviews i expected a poor show , however their performance in phoenix glendale arizona on 07 21 2017 was awesome . faith looked great and hit her notes , tim was fun and had a great performance..and look great as well . the two were playful and teasing together and you can definitely feel the love . not sure what happened at other venues this month but this show had everyone on their feet . glad we took a chance and disregarded reviews to see these two put on an awesome show !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding . as a musician , i appreciated the great performances . tim and faith are incredibly talented , their band and backup singers were great as well . i really enjoyed it when they came out into the audience , showing their warmth and crowd appreciation . in a word , fantastic ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love ana and we love ana 's store ! ! ! the most important thing for my husband and me is the friendly attitude of the host . she 's amazing ) ) ) we would definitely come again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this unpretentious store by accident , while driving past a small strip mall . the store is actually larger , than you would expect . the proprietor 's name is ana . she took time to answer my questions . she is knowledgeable about all the products in the store , and shows obvious pride in her product selection . prices are competitive . ana also carries selected homemade delicacies , such as romanian sausage . i have visited the store twice , and i have been pleased with my purchases both times . i highly recommend visiting this store . no , i am not connected with the store in any way . i am just a happy customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an amazing little store with goodies from all over europe , mostly eastern european countries . ana is from romania , the store prior to ana 's arrival was all russian . we get some amazing food from here , that you wo n't find in the local groceries . for example yesterday i cooked ana 's homemade skinless sausage . i will be getting more of those , i tell ya . she has had some cured salmon that with cream cheese and a bagel that is a piece of heaven . wines , cheese , meats , jams , pickles , spices and so much more . walk in and talk to ana ... your tummy will thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good variety of european produces , i like it and i will go back , anna makes the most delicious mici , and good in price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to stop in some time ago and check out the store because i wanted to try to find some of the same meats and cheeses i had when i visited europe . i got in and began looking and asking questions she seemed like she was rushing me ! i decided to buy some cold cuts and she tells me that the meat slicer is only for decoration ! finally some guy comes in and stands by the door and only than did she calm down . i decided to go on a shopping spree just to prove a point that i was n't there to rob her stupid ass ! i 've never been back . message to the owner : not all black people steal and we actually do visit other countries to learn other cultures . looks like you 've allowed some racist assholes to shape your opinion on black culture !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the best little supermarket to get romanian food ! ! i think there is polish and russian products as well . get the handmade traditional romanian sausages ( mici mititei ) as she sells them by the pound !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best romanian sausage ever , best cabbage rolls very friendly i just love this store", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious , fresh , healthy ! my first bowl today and will return to have more bowls and try various combinations . eager to try the tofu and other sauces . the place is bright , open and airy with a good outdoor area i addition to inside . great for a quick lunch or dinner or take-out . will be perfect for our hot summer days when a light meal is exactly what we want and need !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots of choices for the healthy eaters . large portions , of course loaded with rice . delicious if you like pre-cooked food kept warm until eaten . i expected more . lots of choices of beverages with a quirky selection of sodas with a healthy twist , like dry cucumber . does n't seem to be mainstream . some like it that way .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "get the shrimp . seriously . hubby says the chicken is ok , but i was n't wowed by the steak . we both thought the shrimp was amazing . sauces are kind of overwhelming - lots of choices . my favorite was the peanut - it was slightly spicy but not bad ( and i 'm wimpy ) . a very easy place to eat healthy . i absolutely love that they recycle and compost ! ! ! so very sad how rare this is in az .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the chipotle of asian good ! it 's all fresh and great ! service is great , and food is always amazing . the selection of sauces is yummy . if you like spicy , i suggest their siracha styled sauce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for fast food new age asian . this was impressive love the vibe of the place . minimalist decor . clean feel the food was ultra fresh and the veggies super crisp . my only criticism is the meat could have been hotter", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after meeting with multiple graphic designers and branding companies - the marvel factory was by far the most competent and creative team ive had the pleasure of working with . i knew what i wanted but did n't know how to visualize it and could barely even put it into description but after taking the time toget to know my personality , short term and long term goals and overall company culture - kyle and his team created the most epic branding for me . he gave me choices but also helpful direction on what works in the eye of the consumer . i could n't be happier with my logo , website and overall new brand ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are the real deal . you will receive excellent service and top-notch creative work from the marvel factory .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for creativity and quality design , check out the marvel factory . not only are the designs of the highest quality of work , you can tell that a ton of thought and consideration for the client is easily shown . i highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after alot of searching i found marvel factory and they are awesome ! ! they are very creative , professional and easy to work with ! ! they were able to take my rough ideas and turn them into reality ! ! i completely recommend them , you will not be sorry ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't expect to have any fun in this place . sure it was my friend 's birthday , and i would be in good company , but when a place has `` wine bar '' in its name , i immediately conjured images of a stuffy atmosphere where people were over dressed and wearing monocles . alex old boy , you were so wrong . not only do they serve beers for us common folk , they serve you stein 's which amounts to something like 30 or 40oz of beer . immediately i felt more comfortable and liked this place a little more . novelty aside , it was a cool place . if you call ahead and ask to book the back room , they 'll let you do it so long as you guarantee enough people . they 'll even let you plug your ipod into the stereo , so you really get to define the atmosphere of the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when you want to do black sambuca shots with your friends , after you 've been out for a really nice dinner ... .come here . this place is open late . has cool pool tables , and even cooler jukebox , and a hip young crowd , or should i say diverse crowd that just seems to ebb and flow nicely as the wee hours wear on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's been awhile , but i remember being much more of a fan of this place than i had expected . this is really a bit of a template establishment ; it takes on the personality of whoever inhabits it at any given moment . luckily , they seem to draw on a pretty rich and diverse pool of human resources . great stop for late night with a small to medium size group - also not a bad pre-concert launch point . have to remember to go hear again soon ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so we stopped in here on our vacay in toronto looking for a bar to enjoy the night at . should have paid attention the warning signs . place was empty . and so we proceeded to the bar , where we sampled some of their own alio beer . can i say yuck ? tasted like a bud or miller light . and worse , because it was warm and very foamy . both of their own house made beers tasted awful . thank goodness stella was on tap ... my go-to if nothing else is good . and my god , i never thought i 'd run into bad stella artois in my lifetime , but i did at this bar . again , foam crazy and warm . tasted stale . needless to say , we already ordered the beers and did n't want to waste full glasses . and had to finish them of course ... so we did and left . never again . yuck is the word for this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here last saturday with my husband . do not bother going . we should have known with it being a saturday night and not a sole in the restaurant . drinks were ok , dinner still took forever even though it was just us . will never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "around 11pm we passed by and decided to stop for a drink . not going to lie , at first sight it was definitely not convincing . their interior is a bit run down and it was quite empty when we were there . we were definitely quite skeptical . their beers on tap are n't that great but their cocktails and margaritas are a different story . i started with sex on the beach and flirtini and they were both good , but were n't strong enough for my taste . decided to give the soho lychee and sprite a try . it was so good i ended up having 4 more and one of them a double . it was so good my boyfriend gave up his beer to have one too ! their prices are the most decent we 've seen around that area so really could n't complain about that ! beers were around $ 4 or $ 5 a pint i believe . cocktails between $ 6-7 . margaritas $ 8.50 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here for a party , because my friend found the atmosphere to be perfect for him from a past visit . from what i see , it 's quite a flexible one , with being able to do things like play music from your ipod on their stereo . oddly enough , the biggest customers is n't ryerson students like you 'd expect given its location , but international students from japan , as seen by the menus offering japanese beers on the relatively cheap and maps flyers for them . might come down here again for their $ 8.50 schooners of decent house brew .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this beautiful building is a definitely a landmark in toronto and a place you should see if you 're a tourist visiting the city . the building is huge which is probably why they call it the mothercorp . the inside has super high ceilings , and a lounge with a giant tv showing - what a surprise - cbc . the inside of the building is several levels high with many elevators and brightly coloured walls to mark each floor . i was lucky enough to get a personal tour of the building from my friend who works there , and it was really an interesting experience . they film everything on location , including the hour with george s. and the national with peter mansbridge and of course , the daily newscasts . there is a gift shop filled with cbc swag from your favourite shows and a food court downstairs if you get hungry on your tour . also , there 's some air tight security , so make sure you go in with someone you know and get your very own visitors pass !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cbc is like a nerdy kid who keeps trying so hard to be cool that he makes himself more and more a laughing stock . they still do news and investigative journalism well ( traditionally nerdy ) , but the entertainment section does n't have a clue , making clumsy rip-offs of faddy reality shows and failing to put its tired comedy shows out of their misery . for this season , cbc cancelled the excellent crime show `` intelligence '' ( `` cbc drops intelligence '' , indeed ) and is crowing about how acquiring wheel of fortune and jeopardy is some kind of broadcasting coup . the cbc building is worth seeing , with its enormous atrium in which special events are often held . you can get free tickets to tapings of cbc shows here . if you 're lucky , you might get a chance to tell george stroumboulopoulos to pull up his pants , for god 's sake .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my connection with the cbc is twofold . i too have visited the building which , sure , is nice enough . i have passed by their monuments to their own history which is interesting . i have always gone to the 5th floor where there is the acting and film school . i have done films with some of the students there and ( whether you can attribute this to their school or not i dont know - my impulse is to say no ) they have been pretty professional and some have written good stuff . the second fold is listening to the radio , which overall i find very interesting except for their dramatic programs . my favorites would be listening to gian ghomeshi , carol oft , matt galloway . i remember being driven to high school every day by my dad while we listed to peter gzowski ( on metro morning i think . ) he was great too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for a resident in the `` west '' , i 'm much more pro-cbc than some of my militant friends who think to is all this , and all that ... their beef that cbc plays too many leafs and habs games on saturday 's hockey night in canada ... well guess what , 2 3rd 's of canadians live back east , so that 's where their advertisers are targeting with their big budget marketing dollars . simple as that . quality , in-depth channels like the passionate eye and the national , ppl take these guys seriously .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "giant building . went to see a taping of the hour here . it was pretty fun and would definitely skip work to do it again . anyway , cbc is good tv , i think , and represents us well . they love hockey , i love hockey . they love comedy , i love comedy . they love canada , some might say i love canada . see ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was here for a taping of george during tiff . the building is nice . managed to walk around a little , there is lots to see and would warrant another trip . the staff were all friendly and informative . there was n't much in the way of signage telling me where to stand or anything so i totally stood at the front of the line instead of the back . luckily i realized before anyone behind me punched me in the head . i 'll admit i never watch cbc ever , but this was a cool thing to do with a day and free . plus i got to be like 10 feet away from george and benjamin bratt . that 's the stuff dreams are made of . i 'll go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hey love the place the employees are always friendly and hopeful . great shows with live tapings that 's you can attend . always wanted to go watch steven and chris but unfortunately we know rip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an independent news station , independent not only of government , but also the 'market ' channels ? and still manages to somehow stay relevant even with harper 's 'government ' becoming 'board members ' ? ( is this interference with the fifth estate ? ) incredible !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they block people on social media if you do n't like their shows . what a bunch of corporate idiots .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have visited the cbc for a few different events , including a couple of food fests and some tapings of their tv shows . the building itself is pretty cool , with various items from canadian broadcasting history to look at . when you are in the audience of a taping , sometimes you even go home with a little prize , oprah style ! most recently i was here for a taping of the steven and chris show and went home with a happy light while having enjoyed a half day full of laughs . if you have a few hours to kill in toronto on a weekday coming up , i highly recommend signing up in advance to attend a taping of a cbc show . good times !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in today to get my husband a new phone , since he 's still rockin ' the razor circa 1999 ( and pay as you go no less ! ! ) . i did my research and found out he was interested in the samsung moment with google and we could add a data plan on to mine . sweeeeeet . maybe 30 minutes later i was all set , and the two men working were super friendly and helpful . you could tell that they do whatever they can to make the customer happy . definitely check them out if you 're in need of sprint help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to this store several times over the last few years , sami and his guys are the best ! i expected all sprint stores to give the same sort of customer service that the guys at queen creek & alma give . boy , was i mistaken . the corporate store at chandler blvd . & price freeway is the extreme oposite of how good the service is at queen creek & alma school . i was `` educated '' on the difference between the 2 stores by 3 employees at the corporate store . they `` corporate store '' should be embarassed at the lack of customer service . i think that the lackluster employees at the corp store , need to be `` educated '' by sami and his staff of how to help a customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by mistake i thought i could get the same service and quality of work from another sprint store ( in the mall ) and surprise , surprise i did not and back to see danny and sami went ... .they are fabulous !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had issues with my roller ball on my blackberry . i took it in to this sprint and they were able to fix it in just a few minutes ! this is one of the only repair places for sprint that actually repairs the phones ... not just box and ship them somewhere else . we plan on moving out of chandler , but i will make the trip for any of my cell phone needs to this sprint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys take care of you . they gave me great service ! you need to go see hanni . he 's the man ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scott and wayne were great ! they painted the whole interior and gave suggestions on color . they came back to do touchups a month later . they stayed right at their quoted price which was the lowest quote a received . i highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arizona painting and decorating paint my rental house . did a great job for a great price . thank you guys looks excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are very very knowledgeable about the art of painting . when i could n't make a decision on paint color they were there to help . i had a deadline to meet to move in to my new home . they managed to squeeze me in to a very busy schedule and finished my home on time . no easy task as everything but the floor had to be painted in my 1600 sf home with only 4 days to finish ( rolled not sprayed ) .i recommend if you want a professional , quality , reasonably priced company you hire them . they will have my business from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company is great . wayne came right on time to give an estimate , and then the painter showed up as promised and completed the work on schedule -- all for a good price . when i mentioned that i was in a bit of a hurry to get this interior work done , they offered to send cameron earlier than normal on a saturday morning , if that worked for me -- and it did . he finished up a two-day project sooner than expected , and everything was back in place in my kitchen and dining room by saturday afternoon . cameron was also very good about cleaning up after himself . five stars for these folks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly impressed with this company and would definitely recommend using them . wayne and scott were highly professional and finished on-time and on budget as promised despite some problems that came up in the process . we started painting our 3000 sq ft house and realized we were in over our head so we called az painting and decorating based on the great reviews . they did not disappoint and they deserve the great ratings ! as we got into the job we realized that one of the rooms had cheap paint that peeled off in sheets . scott did a great job at communicating with us on the issues and he and the team worked extra to make sure the job looked great . we are very happy with the finished results and will definitely be using them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is long overdue my apologies go out to wayne and scott ! i had wayne and scott come do our downstairs of our house and i have to say that they were able to transform our house into a home ! ! ! they were professional and diligent not cutting any corners and recommended for my wife and i to go the extra mile and use quality paint instead of generic paint . the difference was evident in the final product ! we will be having wayne and scott returning to do our upstairs and are anxious to see the outcome they unveil when that is complete ! -- - my recommendation would be to make your first search be your final by selecting arizona painting and decorating", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this company ! every employee that came into our home was professional , friendly , and a hard worker . they went above and beyond to make our home look beautiful ! you wo n't find a better combination of professionalism , talent , and dedication . for as long as they 're in business , they have ours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did a fine job , more than i expected . they were courteous and respectful of property and cleaned up when through . i would recommend them to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arizona painting and decorating did a fine job painting my home . they finished on time and used quality paint . their process was thorough and the colors were exactly what i wanted . they worked with me on the color pallet and i am very pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'd give more than 5 stars if i could . wayne and scott are simply awesome . i was expecting `` choose the color you want and let us know , we 'll paint it '' but not them , they spent good 30 min going over colors with me during the estimate and made sure it will match my house and all my furnitures . i had some ideas but i needed that confirmation from someone that `` it will match '' and they did ! i felt so relieved . as far as their work ... .top notch ! they will not leave until they think it 's perfect . they were here for 3 days but it feels like i made a friend and i actually miss them . we are calling them back when we are ready for exterior work for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did a great job . wayne was out of town , so poor scott had to do the job alone . he showed up early and stayed late . he worked his tail off and it shows , the house looks great ! we loved their work so much we are having another house painted and recommending them to all our family and friends . great job guys , thanks ! fair price , great work , ca n't ask for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very reliable , they showed up when they said they would ... ..professional , easy to work with and they did an amazing job ! ! would highly recommend them , you wo n't be sorry if you hire them to do your job ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pourquoi 3 \u00e9toiles ... . 2 personnes sur 5 on aime mais sans plus leur repas . pour ma part j'ai ador\u00e9 ( p\u00e2t\u00e9 chinois ) service et ambiance agr\u00e9able , nouveau resto auquel nous devons une 2 eme chance et ou nous devrions aller avec bonheur !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "une cuisine audacieuse qui saura vous fera l\u00e9cher vos doigts ! cuisine incroyable ! tr\u00e8s carnivore mais m\u00eame en tant que v\u00e9g\u00e9tarienne je pouvais voir la qualit\u00e9 de la viande ( et second\u00e9 par ma m\u00e8re ) -- - audacious cuisine that will make you lick your fingers ! great presentation ! very carnivorous , but even as a vegan woman , i was able to see that the meat seemed good ( an seconded by my mother )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "la nourriture est bonne et abordable , ambiance ok , bruyant . j'ai pris le tartare de boeuf et mon mari le poulet a la portuguaise . pour dessert le mi-cuit ferrero rocher qui \u00e9tait bon , mais sans plus .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went shopping at trader joe 's to get a few items to make some dinner . the store was well stocked and they had a very large wine selection . they also had lots of fresh produce and other grocery items . the aisles were a little on the narrow side so there was n't much room and we had to keep stopping and letting people through etc.. the staff were helpful and check out was quick and easy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've discovered i really do n't like tj 's . the store was packed at around noon on a weekday , it does n't help that the store is so small and everyone stands around blocking either your way down the aisle or from looking at products . where do these people come from ? what happened to common courtesy ? i felt like i was in a compressed version of walmart . i did buy a few things since i was there , some prices are okay and you can get some cool products you ca n't find elsewhere but it 's not worth the trouble . checking out was not any easier , every check out was open and about 5 deep , it took forever ... it 's nice the cashiers are friendly but you need to learn how to do 2 things at once , talk and check out people ... it 's really not that hard . i really doubt i will ever go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't know , maybe its just me , but i do n't get the allure of trader joes . most items are at least a buck or two more expensive than other places . i went in to get some raw almonds ( $ 6.99 lb ) to make almond butter . this store is fairly small , and crowded . its hard to just walk around and look at what they have . i could n't find cocoa powder that i was looking for . the were giving out free samples of lasagna and coffee , but the massive group of freeloaders made it impossible to get near , let alone see . i guess i 'm not hipster enough to hang out and talk gluten free or non-gmo 's with the others . people who work here are great , and very friendly . i probably wo n't go back unless its an item i can only get there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm conflicted about this trader joe 's . they are always crowded , i have never been here without encountering entirely too many people , no matter what time of day . i try to avoid coming here when i can , but the good part about this trader joe 's is that it 's larger and better stocked than the other locations in town . i 'm not a fan of the layout of the store . it 's long and there are essentially three long aisles that span the entire length of the store , which is a little awkward . i do n't make it to this trader joe 's too often , but when i 'm looking for something i ca n't usually find at my local store , i make the trek to this side of town .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family and i have been shopping here for about seven years . the customer service here has always been stellar , but they truly went above and beyond during a recent visit . i sent my 19 year old daughter to this location to pick up a few items . when she pulled up to trader joe 's , a man asked her for a ride . she declined . while she was in line to make a purchase , he approached her once again . long story short , the woman at the register was very vigilant , and asked my daughter if she needed someone to escort her to the car . she also gave my daughter a beautiful bouquet of flowers to lift her spirits . as a parent , it 's very comforting to know that the employees at trader joe 's genuinely care about the wellbeing of their customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a good but smallish trader joe 's . they have a lot of what i like at trader joe 's - the usual wholesome , organic ( ish ) products , great cheeses and meats , and all kinds of cool stuff . really good prices too . but the store seems really small compared to other tj 's i 've been to , and as a result , some sections ( beer and wine , breakfast options , breads ) suffer . the layout is also really poor , and so you spend a lot of time dodging cart traffic and weaving amongst the checkout lines . the parking lot is n't great either . it 's still a really good store , but the smallish nature of the store and annoying parking lot keep me from making this a regular shop .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "autumn is a special time of year , it 's the beginning of the holiday season ! pumpkins , pumpkins , pumpkins ! shopping at trader joe 's brings me so much joy and always distracts me from my shopping list . i came here for a few items and discovered some fun seasonal items as well as my favorites . i 've gone twice already for their wonderful pumpkin spice coffee , it perfumes every room in the house ! lots of other fabulous treats like the pumpkin macarons-found in the frozen food section . let them sit out for 30 minutes and then pop them in your mouth ! a party in your tummy begins ! great little pumpkin jack-o'-lantern cookies is a fun treat for the kiddos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the smallest trader joe 's i 've been to in a long time . i like the selection of wine and pre-made salads and wraps . it 's pretty much always packed , so bring armor haha . i wish that the store was bigger !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love shopping at tj . the staff is super friendly and helpful . the quality is great but the prices are a tad bit high . i do wish they has a better selection of items . i normally end up having to go to multiple stores due to lack of selections .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "probably my favorite grocery store ever . think mini whole foods , with more reasonable prices . my favorites are the fresh pizza dough and the frozen orange chicken . i stock up on that orange chicken like the world is coming to an end . well , at least until they open one closer to home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm going to keep this short and simple but this is the best trader joes location so far ! super nice employees , always helpful and friendly . store is clean and restocked constantly . amazing wine selection . produce always fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this tj is the closest to my home so it 's semi convenient for me . i gave it a good review because their pricing for organic food is extremely reasonable here . reason why it did n't receive 5 stars is due to the lack of inventory and size of the store at this location . the cashiers are always friendly : ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just moved here from cali and trader joe 's is where i frequently shop at . i was so pleased to discover this location is only a few minutes away from my condo . i ended up buying everything on my list instead of going to another food store ! ! ! prices are reasonable and fruits veggies so fresh ! lots of parking . staff helpful and friendly . my first choice in food shopping definitely !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love everything here at tj 's . very much affordable in comparison to wf or anywhere else . i love the freshness of everything , it 's also really amazing to find unique items that are amazingly delicious and can only be found here . thank you to all the wonderful and helpful staff , you are all wonderful every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this used to be my go to tj 's before the downtown summerlin location opened . i decided to stop by because i have noticed lately that the ds location has a tendency to run out of some items and i was hoping to find them here , which i did . this store was not as crowded and easier to get in and out of especially because it does n't have the holiday mall crowd . my only complaint about this store really is the parking lot . more than once i have been approached by people asking for money or knocking on my car window or approaching with a baby stroller - - i have yet to actually see a baby . so be warned there are shady characters in this parking lot so just have your guard up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the 7th day of christmas ( should have been posted yesterday , but yelp site was closed for maintenance when i was ready to write ... ) tj 's is awesome sauce , in my book . i 'm fortunate to have this one less than 2 miles from my house , so it 's convenient to stop and pick up favorites such as the pre-made salads , greek yogurt , bananas , or ground flaxseed for my power smoothies . since it 's a small store , i try to avoid shopping there between 5pm and 6pm on the weekdays because it gets way crowded . however , the upside to being a small store is that i know where everything is and i 'm in and out in 10 minutes or less . the staff is always friendly and the free samples of food in the back area are great . i think the prices are more reasonable than going to whole foods and it 's definitely more convenient for me . plus , the gone bananas chocolate-covered frozen bananas will keep me coming back forever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the less trafficked locations in town- i work within two miles of the place but did n't know it was here , there is n't much signage around the area about it . makes for a faster shopping experience with less people . all the same great tj products you 're used to , in the same general floor plan . staff at coffee samples counter are super nice , and this location seems to have more cheeses on display in the dairy section than others ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i mean what can one say about tj ? this is basically where i do 95 % of my shopping and i love everything here . what i enjoy the most is seeing new items and trying them : ) my favorites here are the frozen gyoza , most of their salads , hummus variety tray , bread and butter pickles , serving size packed nuts , kefir , chocolate and almond granola ( my addiction ) , macaron variety packs , and probably many many more items i ca n't think of right now . i like everything here , it 's a great store . since moving to north lv , this is the location i frequent the most as it is the closest to my house . staff is great and very helpful and lines move pretty quick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how can you not love this place . it 's very clean , everyone is really nice , great prices . i love how almost everything here is smaller portions for like 2 people and the prices reflect that as well . i found the majority of items to be between $ 1-3 i love how much ethnic foods are avail and some really interesting snacks such as kale chips ( someone had brought a bag of these into work and i was hesitant about them at first but i was really surprised how good it was ) , and some partially dried mango slices that are just sooo yummy ( and i 'm not even a big fan of mango ) i think trader joe 's is a great place , i just wish they had a few more locations throughout the city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trader joe 's , and i broke up a while back . for the past year , every time i 've shopped there , i 've had at least one item go rancid a full week , or more before the printed expiration date . usually produce , and dairy ; especially cheese . once , i even purchased a block of cheese only to find that it was already moldy on one side when i went to put it in the fridge at home . driving that far , that often just to return spoiled , untouched food is n't worth it ( especially when i get weird looks , instead of apologies ) . i still go back from time to time , because their food really tastes good . unfortunately , i have to limit myself to frozen , and pantry items until they get it together with the rest of their products .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i know people absolutely love trader joes . for me it 's just ok . i think it 's mostly what i buy . they have a couple of vegan brands i love but mostly i go there to buy flowers ! everything else is better or cheaper elsewhere ( or i can never find it at trader joes ! ) i do like the trader joe 's sweets though . have to give them a brownie point for that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this trader joe 's rocks ! the staff is amazing and they always have the products i 'm looking for . the place can get a bit crowded at times but the checkers are very efficient . i 've been to several traders joe 's in different states and this is by far my favorite one . the store is always spotless and very well stocked . i wish there was a closer trader joe 's to me , but this place is always worth the drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this trader joe 's is far closer to my house than the one on decatur , but i actually favor the decatur location . this one is smaller , with narrower aisles and it feels like the customers are coming in right off the freeway and polluting the act of grocery shopping with residual driving anger . this is especially noticable in the alcohol aisles , which have the crappiest layout and are always zones of passive aggro . that sucks because short of installing a zen garden , you do n't really know what tj 's could do to cheer the place up . i mean , trader joe 's is already a pretty zen minded buisness .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like trader joe 's , but this is not my favorite location . it seems like the merchandise is poorly shelved here compared to the one where i normally shop . i tried to get some atkins bars here today , and there was an empty box among the bars , and the bars on the shelf were not the ones from the empty box which happened to be the kind i wanted . next time , i 'll go to the tj i like better . still , many great items to be had here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this trader joes is easily accessible right off summerlin parkway . parking can be a little rough but what trader joes does n't have that problem ? this store is always clean , has plenty of helpful and very friendly staff , and keeps me happy with snacks and wine tasting ! if something is out of stock they are willing to go check in the back for you . i think since the new trader joes opened it has thinned out the crowd a little bit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the fact that this trader joe 's is super close to me . it makes it handy to pick up snacks which is what i usually get here . i love trail mix and they have a large variety at reasonable prices . i do n't have much of a sweet tooth so i appreciate the fact that so many of the trail mixes do n't have chocolate or other sugary add-ins . they also have a decent variety of salads , sandwiches , and other pre-made foods for a last minute meal . the other nice thing is their produce , which is organic yet reasonably priced . the selection is n't huge so i 've never been able to make it a one stop grocery shop , but it is good for inexpensive unique items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this trader joes ! the first thing i noticed when i moved here a year ago was that there was a t.j 's within a mile from my house ! score ! ! ! i shop here almost on the daily . and today.. i forgot my credit card and was short 40 cents when purchasing my food for lunch . i asked the clerk to please void the organic avocado ( which they now sell in singles ! ) she was polite and got the manager samantha . samantha was so sweet and said i could have the avocado . it was only 49 cents , but still . that made my day ! thank you ! ! ! ! ~loyal trader joes customer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just wanted to say i love hate trader joes right now . sooo i saw a bag of mini stroopwafels ( they 're butter waffle cookies with caramel syrup in the middle ) and i love these things so i grabbed the small bag of these . we got home and the bag is empty . yeah ... ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trader joe 's is hawaii 's favorite store in vegas . everyone goes here to bring back goodies and snacks that we ca n't find in hawaii . service is always good as the workers are always friendly and helpful . i like that they have a small demo station like costco so that i can sample some items that they are promoting . reasonable pricing and great selection of munchies to bring back to share with family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here two-three times a week since discovering it a year ago . we love exploring new places but tj is our mainstay . the good : the food is for `` unemployed phds '' - sophisticated but inexpensive . very interesting stuff from all over the world . mostly healthy . all unhealthy things are to die for . it 's that middle isle . all staff is excellent and treat us like a family , without fail . they do n't have those cute little baby carts like the downtown summerlin one . but it 's still amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love trader joes for the healthier food options at a low price , but very often my food goes bad quickly after buying it or if it 's a sealed package it 's bad when i get home and open it . it 's happened quite often the last few months . other than that the staff is usually very nice . this location is always very busy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this location is my favorite in the city . they have very nice employees and a good store layout .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love trader joe 's ! everytime i go to one , i always leave happy . this store seems smaller than others i 've been to , especially the cheese section . they always have a great selection of `` international '' meals to choose from . whether it 's in the grocery section , the prepared foods section or the frozen section . yesterday i picked up the cookie butter . oh my lord ! if you have n't had this , run right now and get it . it 's crushed up ginger biscuits made into `` peanut butter '' . wow . that 's all i gots to say ... .wow ! so delicious . one of my all time favorites is the 40 calorie lemonade . it is so good . i 'm not a fan of artificial flavorings , but this is tasty tasty tasty ! as usual , this store is super clean , the staff is beyond friendly and helpful . prices are always good . i will absolutely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love that this location is in our area and is your one stop shop for just about any food need you may have . i 'm also a big fan of the free coffee samples they always have too . i was planning to make tiramisu for vanessa n. 's surprise birthday , so i grabbed a few tubs of mascarpone cheese ( $ 2.99 4oz . tub ) and some tj cocoa powder ( $ 2.50 ) i asked a worker where their ladyfingers were , and she informed me that it was a seasonal item and that they only carry them during the holidays-crap ! panic soon turned to relief as soon as i realized parma was close by ... whew ! aloha ! ! ! yelp 100 challenge 2013- ( 55 100 ) `` everything but the ladyfingers ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this store has a nice relaxing atmosphere . i like the fact that they actually have samples of products that i 'm curious about . the workers are friendly and very helpful . the store is clean.the shelves are always fully stocked . and one more thing there maple cookies awesome ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "organic produce and a selection of organic goods . they also have gluten free items in stock , offer healthier alternatives for a good price . i like the trader joe 's brand items , they are usually good quality . they have a wide variety and unique selection of pre-packaged frozen meals for those on the go , they are usually really tasty too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "trader joes is one of my favorite places to go to ! anything that deals with yummy food is my kind of place ! the staff there is always friendly and the selection of food is awesome ! i do tend to park myself in front of the frozen foods though . their chicken potstickers are amazing as well as their meatballs . those 2 items are always on my list when i go besides the dark chocolate near the check out stands ! i also love their pre marinated meats , wraps , hummus , juices and sweets ! there can be a wait though to check out but it is all definitely worth it ! prices are fairly reasonable and you do n't feel like you are getting all this processed food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a kid i was always a fan of the random chocolate and candy goodies my grandma would have laying around every time i would visit . as i grew older i started to pay attention to where she was getting these delicious sugary treats from and it always seemed to me that they were in trader joe 's bags . fast forward to present day and every time i step foot in a trader joe 's i am reminded of growing up and going to grandma 's house to stuff my face until i can barely walk . their selection of unique and tasty candy is always amazing and you can try something new without repeats . since i like to think i 'm an adult now i 've also noticed their myriad of fresh produce , cheeses pasta ( lobster ravioli ! ! ! ) not to mention some interesting frozen goodies that you literally ca n't find anywhere else ( shu-mai anyone ? ) . tack on a friendly , helpful staff and this trader joe 's location is just as fantastic as i remember growing up . bravo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we always visit tj when we come to lv cause hawaii does n't have any stores . they always have great food at good prices . went to another tj earlier but they were out of the chocolate covered almonds so we drove to another tj . yeah found them . we now love the new minty mallows they are ono-licious ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan of tj 's . ca n't live without the fresh grapefruit juice ( quart only $ 2 ) , love the variety of salads , and the chocolate is delicious & high quality . employees are friendly and make an effort to get customers through the checkout line quickly . i do n't think i 've ever waited more than a few minutes . i shop here a few times a week , and tj 's has become my go-to for snacks and meals for work -- cheaper than takeout , and healthier . only downside is the store is usually crowded whether it 's morning , afternoon , or evening , and sometimes the food i came for is out of stock . another reviewer mentioned checking the expiration date on refrigerated products , and i agree . i 've had spoiled greek yogurt and melon before , but most of the time the food is super fresh . overall excellent value , and the rotation of new products keeps me interested . 4.5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the skinny : reasonably priced great produce and dry goods but limited meat options . no fresh seafood counter ( 4 ) . i go here for fresh organic produce and their great pantry staples for reasonable prices . some staples include their garlic , mustard aioli , apple cider vinegar , trimmed leeks ( i love these ! ) , pita crackers , chocolate covered pretzel thins and almond butter thins . i do like their bread and they have a wide variety of choices . the only gripe i have is that they do n't really have in much in the way of fresh seafood and have limited meat selections . other than that , they 're great for most of your daily dietary needs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a smaller-sized store , but it 's quaint and lovely . rick rung me up and he was a pro and a sweetheart . there 's plenty of options for tjs in lv , i 'll definitely be frequenting this one when i 'm on this side of town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love love love trader joe 's . their frozen vegetable lasagna is uh-ma-zing . also love the frozen kung pao chicken . i have come to love their own brand of pretty much everything . crackers , chips , salsa , dried parmesan romano cheese , and their hand lotion of all things . the only downside to this store is it 's size . it is way too small for the amount of people shopping here . the key is go go early in the day . that seems to work out better . there are so many wonderful items in the store , you really need time to peruse at a leisurely pace . also , if you like a wide variety of cheese , this place is perfect . cheerful , friendly employees help as well : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so far , this has been the trader joe 's that always seems to have what i am looking for . i would have given it 5 stars , except for the parking lot . even on a weekday at a fairly early in afternoon time , the parking lot is pretty crowded . however , i always found a place anyway . i did go to two other tj 's looking for a certain spring onion rice noodle soup , and this was the only store that had more than one , so of course i stocked up . one lady saw what i was doing and asked if they were good or something like that . it is a great and fairly cheap alternative to ramen noodles , and tasty for $ 1 . greek salad , tofu nuggets , quinoa and chia popcorn chips ? , sunflower seed butter , cheese blintzes , fresh ravioli , ..it would take far too long to list all my favorites , but so far , can find them here any time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this trader joe 's is just as good as the one on decatur but for some reason i have n't quite put my finger on yet , i like the decatur location better . the vibe here seems urgent and rushed and the one on decatur seems more laid back . not due to the employees but more clientele . maybe that 's it . the folks over on decatur do n't mind much when my son is trying to see if he can relieve them of the unusual coins on the check out counters and sometimes they reach in and give him one . not so at this location . they are not amused . i go to this location when i need to pick something up at kmart so i can kill two birds with one stone . as a result i usually get there right before closing and while i know the employees hate that they do n't get snippy . i usually apologize for my late arrival and get a `` do n't worry about it , i 'm here til 9 anyway '' type of response . same good stuff , same good price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have really loved shopping at trader joe 's over the years . i 'm so fortunate to live fairly close to this location . there are so many terrific options to choose from it can be tough to know what to select . i always really appreciate the very upbeat vibe that tjs always seems to exude . not sure how they do it , but i 'm a fan . another aspect i think is great is how they always seem to include a ton of seasonal items no matter the season . the produce is always very fresh and really love their bagged salads . butter lettuce is my favorite . the prepped sandwiches and salads make for great grab and go options . my only gripe is just wish there were more produce choices . lastly , the employees who work the cash registers are friendly , engaging , and consistently helpful . i appreciate their comments about various interesting food items . thanks trader joe 's ! ! you guys rock .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for a trader joe 's , i 'm not really super-impressed . maybe it 's the location or the general community surrounding it . the layout is a bit strange , and makes it hard to navigate around some areas . pair that with the two main clientele that frequent this location - really , really old people and really rude rich people - and i 'd rather just go elsewhere . this one seems to run out of certain things quickly , like kale . not sure if this is a common problem at other locations . cashiers seem to be pretty normal . once in awhile they 'll have a little personality and character , but they do their job - ca n't complain . nice thing is it is open at 8am so i can quickly go in there and get out before more people come in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this grocery . all the employees are so nice and so helpful . everyone looks friendly . they must treat their employees well . i like that it 's a small , cute grocery store and everything is reasonably priced . i come here at least once a week . great meat selection , lots of fresh organic items !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trader joes is great for unique products . it 's where i stock up on foods i ca n't find elsewhere . i buy a lot of snacks ... sweet potato chips , guilt free tortillas , jalapeno crunchies , lentil potato curls , veggie sticks , assorted nuts and flattened bananas . wine prices are also fantastic . everything else i buy happens to strike my fancy at the time . it 's fun to browse .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe this place is not as busy as it should be . tj is the ideal shopping ground the chef heroes or the kitchen zeros . the portions are perfect for small families . i truly believe that if more people shop at tj , america would be a better place . food inc. industrialization has really hurt us . cheap large portions of processed food sounds great until those empty calories add up to a myriad of diseases . if you enjoy great `` mom and pop '' restaurants with great tasting food , you will enjoy trader joe 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a fan of trader joes for several years . not only do they have some really interesting products , but their prices are very competitive , especially if you compare them to whole foods , the people who take your whole wallet . my better half and i found some incredible wine at tj 's recently , $ 1.99 a bottle , who needs milk for cereal when wine is so cheap . even though the store is much smaller to most grocery stores by comparison , they carry a great selection of products .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love that this trader joe 's is in a great location , that makes it easy and close to get to . they have great service and the produce is good . i love all the options trader joe 's gives and they have a great flower section .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this store ! the staff are always very welcoming and helpful . my favorite thing there is probably the cookie butter they are always getting new things to try in and if you do n't like them you can take them back or just the receipt and they give you your money back . they have gluten free products and vegan . their premade salads are the bomb.com", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can i say i love everything about trader joe 's : ) nice selection of goods at an affordable price . they are like half the price of whole foods . i shop at this location weekly since it 's close to where i live . the store is clean , they are always restocking merchandise whenever i go in and the staff is always helpful & friendly . i look foward to summer when peaches & nectarines are in season ... they are always sweet & juicy and only $ 4.99 for a box . their premade salads is another one of my faves . oh and their chocolate chip ice cream sandwiches are so yummy ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "utilitarian , with the bathrooms in the back storeroom . it 's smaller than most , with limited stock . several of the things i normally get are not offered here . still , the staff is friendly , knowledgeable , and quick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love trader joe 's ! they always have such great food at the best prices , period ! also , lots of healthier options ... which i really like .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unlike los angeles there isint a trader joes on every corner . took a bit longer to get to this one . the employees were very helpful . i only needed a few items so it was easy . of course saturday its a bit more crowded but the fact that they have lots of room in this store makes it bearable.the parking is also ample . again in la some trader joes are a nightmare with parking and accessibility in the store.overall pleasant easy experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree with angela h. - `` what would the world be like without trader joe 's ? '' it 's around the corner , reasonable and actually our `` second '' market .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a great place for healthier options in addition to smaller portions . love the variety of meats . produce is always good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the goat yogurt.. oh and their goats milk is the cheapest . the brown eggs are like farm eggs from home . thank you trader joe 's", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no help i the four . too crowded . they should have kept the decatur store open . to far to go . not likely to be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is where we come to buy things to bring home to hawaii . we do n't have a trader joe 's so we stocked up on everything from beef jerky to doggie treats to my favorite cracked wheat sourdough bread . there are other snacks that we like to bring home for our friends . the employee are very helpful and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "smaller tj than what i am acustom to ... busy location too . ca n't get in and out quickly bc there is always 1-3 people in all the check out lines . i live right nextdoor and i keep going back so that has to tell tou something . i really ca n't complain about the store , employees or stocked items ... .all that is great . i guess its just that the parking lot absolutely sucks and the store is always a traffic jam of customers . and i guess this is just a result of tj being pooular and awesome . ..but i swear ... the people who shop here ( in general ) have no concept of personal space . i feel like i 'm in the security line at the airport ... with someone breathing down my neck . the age old hurry up anf wait crowd !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it seems that everyone wants to make healthier choices , and trader joe 's is a grocer that has unique items and brands that allows everyone an opportunity to save and still buy the healthy stuff . the shelves are always stocked and the items are fresh , never have i found anything i was n't happy with . out of town family and friends ( mostly from hawaii ) are happy when we show up at the airport with a bag full of goodies from trader joe 's and we often pick up gift cards so they can pick out their own things to take back . this is a good smaller grocer that stocks fresh vegetables , organic grown , fresh cheeses and sausage , large selection of wines , nuts , and many other items . you can not go wrong with tj 's brand items as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "king of organic eats . seriously , i love coming here even just for the relaxed type of countryside vibe . i do n't know if it 's because folks that shop here are healthy , but people are n't in a hurry , or running you over with a cart , or even irritated with life . i like their shelve gourmet cheeses . they have a section for just health bars . now i know where to go for cheap bars should i pack for a hiking trip . i could spend an hour here just cruising up and down each isle with my mini cart . the workers are friendly and genuine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love their selection of cheeses and interesting foods . they have a great selection of healthy food . organic and vegan . i also like their cookie butter cookies . yum ! great prices on wine . when family visits from hawaii they have to go trader joe 's to get snacks to bring back home . we use to do the same when we lived back home in hawaii . this is nice store and not too busy on the northern edge of summerlin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this trader joe 's is so close to my house , i really should be there more often . i used to go to tj 's back in san diego , and that one was much bigger and nicer than this one .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like trader joe 's . there 's a sort of insouciant vibe amongst the staff that makes the place fun and laid back . some of the trader joe 's stores play music you wan na dance to but this one is n't quite that much fun , i guess . their prices are not as bad as whole paycheck 's ( i mean whole foods ) , and the quality of their produce is good . if you 're into decadence , they 've got that too ( over the holidays try their chocolate covered jo-jos ! ) if you eat a raw whole food vegan diet like i do sometimes ( the mood comes and goes these days ) you can get some decent stuff here : raw nuts , raw almond butter , ezekiel bread . i sometimes get almond or soy milk here as well . i come here every week for a stack of salads that i 'll eat at work . if i see a trader joe 's in a community , i feel pretty good about that area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got ta love trader joes ! this location seems a little bit smaller than the one of decatur but still awesome . its definitely a bit crowded and chaotic on a sunday but what place is n't ? service is great . the checkers are always so nice and i love that they can neatly pack all of your stuff into as little bags as possible . so efficient ! = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love tj 's ! although they do n't carry everything a major chain does- ( i do n't need all the stuff from one of those stores most anyways ) i know the quality at tj 's is good , no gmo 's and there is a large organic and healthy variety of fresh and fun items . i shop here all the time and i love it ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we shop at his location once a week . an we are never disappointed . they always have the same items in stock . their produce is small ... but anything they have is perfect quality . great tomatoes and avocados very clean and friendly staff ! ! do n't come if ur short on time the lines are usually long ! although they move you thru pretty consistant you will still have a wait and not many registers just go for the eperience and enjoy the samples ! ! which are always available and the coffee is amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tjs is the best place in the entire world ! ! super eclectic food and amazing customer service : ) . hands down ... one of my favorite places !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome employees ! they treated my friend so well since this was her first trip to a traders . thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this trader joe 's ! ! ! i find excuses to come shop here with my 10 month old daughter because she loves it too ! i 've never had such awesome , friendly , consistent service at any store i 've ever been too . and of course , their food selection is wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although this location is small it packs a lot of punch . unbelievable always friendly and helpful staff . fresh and affordable groceries with real ingredients . i love that they label their shelf labels so i do n't have to read through everything to figure out if it 's gluten free or not . my only wish is that it was bigger but super love this store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am making up for lost time . this yelping thing is fun ! customer service is extraordinary at trader joes ! a few weeks ago , i was in there with my granddaughter who was visiting from out of town and she sneezed . guess what happened ? you guessed it , out came a goober ! so i am frantically going through my purse and the gentleman stocking the shelves saw my predictament and ran too the back to get her a tissue ! that was amazing ! thank you so much for going the extra mile . he must have kids at home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "before i moved to vegas , i asked , `` do they have trader joe 's ? '' seriously , who 'd live in a place with out tj 's ? i love everything about them , especially their commitment to healthy , gmo free food . this location is my favorite in town because of the staff . check out the wine tastings , usually friday-monday from 3-6pm . tony is a great host . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this trader joe 's , on washington , near buffalo , is pretty sweet . it embodies all the good memories i had of tj 's in southern california . cheerful employees , and some good food at a fair price point . the cheeses available are awesome - the unexpected cheddar is my favorite . makes my mouth water to think about the flavor . the meat offetings - from the sliced deli meat to the kosher chicken , and the tri tips - are all good . the liquor is competitively priced . the zapopan tequila is a bargain at about $ 10 a bottle -- and it 's better than many tequilas i 've tasted at 6 that price . i 've had a lot of decent tequilas - zapopan is a bargain in price and taste . t j s also has a good selection of wines and beer . tj 's is a good place to shop , from marinara sauces to frozen indian style dinners , there 's something for everybody .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why the 5 stars ? -superb customer service -everything i want and need is always in stock -minutes away from the pad -healthy and affordable -neat , clean , and organized -get entered in a raffle every week for a $ 25 gift card if you bring your own bag . i am also a huge whole foods market fan as well . because they support the local farmers and vendors , sometimes i am unable to find certain items when traveling from city to city . trader joe 's shelves are always stocked with the same items . i appreciate the consistency throughout the stores . not knocking wfm by any means , i support local anything . i just appreciate and love when i can find a certain craved item in any town . mahalo joe ! = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tj 's the spot ! i love coming here for frozen food and the prepared food . it 's perfect for a lazy cook like me . the salads are always a good choice for a yummy refreshing lunch , esp . the bbq chicken , the thai noodle salad , and reduced-fat chinese chicken salad . the prepared dinners are awesome too , like the cajun chicken pasta dinner or the chicken tikka masala . def check out tj 's if you 're like me and too lazy to cook . or you need a quick healthy alternative for lunch dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never been to a trader joes . loved the food and selection . i just have a tough time paying for my selections . this place is expensive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called this trader joes wondering if i could get some food delivered to a friend who is very ill and not able to cook . i live in los angeles so i could n't do that deed myself . i asked them if they could deliver , and accept my credit card information over the phone , all though that is something they do n't do , the person i spoke with called his boss and was able to get approval for me to use my credit card to pay for the food , and the employee himself offered to bring the food over to my ill friend 's house as soon as he got off work . they have wonderful service , and the few people i talked to were so kind and understanding . my sick friend was so grateful to open her door to find this great delivery from the kind employees at trader joes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trader joes is the shiz ! they have great selection of foods and produce . i love their selection of mixed nuts and dried fruits . ive picked up some hummus and pita bread here . i usually eat half of it before i drive out of the parking lot . every few months ill get a craving for their peanut butter pretzels and ill finish a whole bag and then get an upset stomach . then after a few months ... its a vicious cycle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean , organized , and full of yummy treats -- how can anyone not like this place ? staff is always ready to help with a smile and there are often samples for the tasting ( my last visit netted me generous samples of bread and cheese ) . i come to tj 's to stock up on snack items ( hummus , crackers , yogurt-covered pretzels ) and huge chocolate bars ( the baking chocolate ) . i think one could procure better produce elsewhere , but again , i do n't visit tj 's for the fruits and veg ... .i go to get the good stuff ( i.e. , the not-so-good for you ! ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trader joe 's are great . i remember seeing them everywhere on the east coast . this particular trader joe 's is one of the smallest ones i have been in , but it still carries tons of great stuff at trader joe 's prices . ca n't beat trader joe 's 1 buck chuck wine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love ! this store is fantastic , the staff is super friendly and knowledgeable , they keep a good stock of items , and the store is organized and clean . note . vegetarians : the only place in town i can get vegetarian turkey slices ( tofurkey i guess ? ) but its delicious ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the newest centennial hills store is larger than the one on decatur . it 's very clean and surprisingly , it was not crowded . i purchased fruit and it tasted as yummy as it looked in the package . the cashier was very friendly and joked with me . it 's nice when you leave somewhere and you 're smiling !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "like other trader joe 's i 've been too this one is fairly small . but they have pretty much all i need ! they have so many items you ca n't get anywhere else and their frozen food section rocks ! lol but seriously , i love this place ! from the sandwich cookies , to frozen bananas , some garlic hummus ... ahhh so much more ! if you have n't been to a tj 's before you 're missing out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love trader joe 's as their stores have such unique items . i am now a vegetarian and they have alot of food if you do n't eat meat . they have small stores and use there space so well with so much to offer . the employees are also great ! ! i love their belgium dark chocolate and i ca n't think of anything bad to say about traders . by the way they have the best organic spagetti sauce with a trader joe 's label for the same price the supermarkets offer for the junky stuff . if you have not been there check it out and you will be impressed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this market , the employees and the atmosphere . extremely helpful and knowledgeable . i love that they will go out of their way to assist or find a solution . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place ! go here for alot of my groceries and snacks for friends and family to send back home . the staff here is very friendly and helpful . there is an abundance of parking so thats nothing to worry about . i literally must stop myself from overbuying snacks when i walk into this store . there food is awesome and fairly priced !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are a cashier and you want to be selective as to who you help when you are closing , please let us know when we are waiting in line before you close as one of your cashiers ( blonde haired caucasian female ) so selectively did while i waited w 4 items that could 've easily been rung out . but she allowed her co-worker the struggle and then the person behind me she so graciously asked them that had just flowers to check out . but she also wanted to not help my cashier when his cash drawer did n't pop open to give me change . trader joes needs to be aware of who they employ when it comes how customer service is given . i did n't feel very welcome . i could 've went to sprouts and not have been so selectively ignored !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sea salt carmels are in ! ! ! oh , and three different flavors of cookie bitter ! ugh", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can i say ? tjs is my favorite . even when it means making an extra stop at a `` regular '' grocery to get items that tjs does n't carry , i will still go here for produce , dairy , cheeses , nuts and meat . this location is n't huge , but they carry all of the standard items . among my favorites - fresh salsa and guacamole , pub cheese , ready-to-grill bulgogi , and that mac-n-cheese is deadly addictive . they must treat their employees well , because they are always quite friendly . i would rather have my money support a business like this when possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious foods , organic and natural ... ..not to mention the employees are a w e s o m e . love this place ... ... ..you will love this place too : ) they also have excellent prices ... ... it is very reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my wife visit this trader joe 's at least twice a week . trader joes has great prices , but even better customer service . we love their cheese assortments . the only complaint i have is the limited availability of some of our favorite items . that is to be expected , since their prices and products are so good , they have a hard time keeping them in stock .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am so upset that they closed the decatur store . the other stores are very far to drive . this 7575 w. washington store is ok . but is missing many items of the store that they closed . i also went to the summerlin store and 2 others . for the washington store . i wish that the layout was a bit easier to navigate . but trader joes is better than the other major chains in las vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a trader joe 's - of course it is an awesome place ! this particular location is my favorite . the sales staff are some of the person . i got person recommendations and help whenever i want , or can be left alone if that is your preference . the prices can not be beat , and yeah , you can eat like crap anywhere , but this place helps me eat a lot cleaner . it also does n't jack up the prices on healthy food like most retailers . i love that they will sample anything you ask about . the wine tastings are great , as is the sample station . it is our primary grocery store . my son has renamed it `` the sticker store '' because the staff always hook him up with stickers at the check out . our family staples are : cheeses , yogurts , milks , produce , frozen treats , the unique chocolate candies ( chocolate covered edamame ! ) , frozen veggies and fruits , and breads .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love going to trader joe 's . i love that they have everything i need and more . i do n't have a lot of spare time to prepare healthy meals so i grab several packs of precut fruits and vegetables to help ease the stress of maintaining a healthy diet . the staff here is super friendly and very helpful when looking for specific items . i always get everything on my list ( and a lot more ) when i shop here . if you have n't tried trader joe 's i highly recommend stopping in and just walking around to see the vast amount of products they carry . i promise it will be worth your time and effort !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place food staff ! it 's never been more fun to buy fresh food , explore exciting international foods , and not empty your wallet in the process !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really love trader joe 's ! i am giving them 4 stars and not 5 for this location because of the size of the store , and its hit and miss depending on what time and day you go ... . employees are constantly stocking the shelves , but sometimes you ca n't get what it is you are looking for . i love the quality of their organic products , and the prices are fabulous ! ! especially compared to whole foods prices . another thing i love about trader joe 's ... their fresh flowers ... so beautiful and look beautiful for a week or more ! quality and price ! ! ! yay ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the customer service at this trader joe 's location . i 've never encountered an employee on the floor who reluctantly offered assistance . everyone seems to be happy in the trader joe 's world and eager to assist customers and answer any and all questions . on many occasions employees start up interesting conversations with me . sometimes i feel bad when i get caught up in a conversation with an employee , thinking i 'm stealing the focus away from their current tasks . but it 's refreshing to shop in an establishment where everyone seems genuinely friendly and enjoy helping people . it 's hard for me to walk out of this store in a bad mood . this tj 's fits the bill as most of their locations . great products and cramped quarters . it can get a little crazy during peak times , especially at the food and coffee sample station , but it 's not a deal breaker . love the employees , products , and prices . this location is always my # 1 go to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been coming to trader joes for years now . best place to get gifts for family . cocoa batons and their cookie butter are island favorites . sometimes we do trader joe hopping because some locations dont have the same products .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the great prices and wine selection they have . highly recommended . lots of good prices on health food and other good foods that you do n't find at other grocery stores .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very impressed all employees were working joyfully on this day when they should have been at home remembering those they have lost in service . i hope we all stop shopping on sundays and holidays like today . i am starting now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the cheese selection and the balsamic dressing here ! their flowers are always beautiful as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trader joe 's has lots of interesting , unique , affordable items . it 's a tiny store . has a good little wine selection .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . it always has organic chicken at very affordable prices ( better than whole foods ) . lots of options for treats and snacks and their produce section is very good . everything is always fresh . their cookie butter , bon bons ( ice cream bites ) and orange chicken are super yummy . they also have a large wine section at great prices . definitely my favorite grocery store , i can definitely buy a lot more ( fresh produce , meats , etc ) here with $ 100.00 than in whole foods .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here every few weeks to stock up on my trader joe 's items , most specifically their parmesan cheese and the mynts . lately i 'm considering going to a gfcf ( gluten free , casein free ) diet and the fact that all the gf items have a big `` g '' by their price tag makes it very easy to figure out what i need . there was even a list when i walked in the door of the gf products they carry . also , i sometimes cook with wine , but i do n't drink it so i get their least expensive bottle , which is under $ 3 , and still a good quality wine , so i 'm told . actually , everything i 've had at trader joe 's is just delicious and very good quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is a bit small and could be improved by having more space , but their products are very good and reasonable . you can find special food items there that are often hard to find in las vegas . i love the cheese selection they have and their wines are very good too . over all this store is very good and the service and help is better than in most stores .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this trader joes is awesome ! ! its not that much larger than the others but i feel like this particular one has more of a selection of items then the others do . clean as all trader joes usually are . staff was very friendly and helpful . it was very busy but i guess its no surprise as this trader joes is a great one !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i went on saturday and it was such a pleasant experience as usual . people were friendly , made eye contact and actually spoke . such a pleasant treat after usually shopping at food for less . i love the produce and cheese selections but everything has always been awesome we bought here . the cashier was awesome and super friendly . i love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this location . staff is always so nice and very helpful . store is always clean . i do n't really have any complaints at all . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the location is a bit tucked in the corner , and the parking lot is always packed , so beware of parking ! just a friendly warning that does not affect rating . the food selection for the size of the store is great . the prices are also awesome ! buying organic bananas for 39 cents a bunch ... .i do n't think that can be beat . i see alot of the same products at whole foods here for much cheaper , so if it comes to a few select items i will pop in here first before my whole foods run . wine selection is good if your planning on a fast grab , and they have wine tastings every so often in the lobby for those of age . it is crowded at times , but i consider this a good sign . items i personally grab are produce , orange juice-not from concentrate , bottled water selections , and reeds ginger beer . all fresh , delicious , and well priced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love it ! they had a type of chicken salad and pretzel stick bread for samples , delicious bought them both up ! yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some people think trader joe 's is expensive - and yes , they do sell some pricier specialty items - but when you compare simple basics like eggs , bananas , ground turkey , nuts , yogurt and other stuff - most of their prices are the best around . i like the friendly , neighborhood service here and i like that they 're almost always giving away a little sample of something good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to say i love that i can get organic oils , ghee , organic veggies , meats , and dairy products here . we always chat w the employees all are super awesome . the manager at this location is super rad . and i enjoy that so many things are seasonal at tjs . i love the olive oil selection . today i bought red palm oil . smells weird we shall see . its really hard for me to even go to albertsons because theres nothing i really like to eat there . its so easy to bring my baby here . weekends do get hectic but its never horrible and everyone is always nice . there even went out of their way to find me a product today and printed me info on it . i still miss mothers and the farmers markets of southern california but tjs is super comforting and the prices are great", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what 's not to like ? clean store , friendly staff , reasonable prices and great products ! we always make it a point to stop by on every trip to vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's typical trader joe 's stuff . however , this location seems more prone to items going out of stock on the shelves and not being replenished . find this frequent with certain popular products . have to go the other locations , where this is never a problem . staff really needs to monitor their shelves and management needs to have more shelf space for the stuff that sells quickly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was so excited to find kerrygold grass fed butter here ! and at a reasonable price , too ! the goat cheese raviolis and the sauerkraut are both awesome . very cheap fresh basil which makes the store smell heavenly . the customer service was great ; i even got help out to my car since i had my hands full with my toddler . it was crowded , but it is a saturday so i expected that . the employee who helped me unload the bags in my car said a new location is due to open in october near red rock casino , so hopefully that will help with the crowd a bit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finding specialty animal-free foods in a typical grocery store usually takes a concerted effort and spending commitment . i find trader joe 's brand items unbeatable in taste and price . vegan items are marked with a `` v '' on the front or say `` vegan '' in the ingredients list . the grab-and-go area has some great wraps , salads and produce . for a quick and cheap lunch , i like to grab a wrap , banana , yogurt ( soy or coconut ) and larabar for less than $ 10 . if you 're looking to make any festive custards or cheesecakes , tj 's brand vegan cream cheese is only $ 2.50 and their speculoos cookies make a great crust . the sweet snacks in the frozen aisle are hard to pass up . the dark chocolate covered banana slices are fantastic . the snack aisle has a variety of nuts ( roasted and unroasted ) , dried fruit and various munch-ables ( healthy and indulgent ) . it 's my neighborhood store , but i 'm looking forward to checking out the new downtown summerlin location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am in love with this grocery store ( this particular location ) ; never thought i 'd ever be in love with a market , but i am . the location is wonderful , i can shop in downtown summerlin and grocery shop right after . everything is so convenient and their pre made food is delicious ! surprisingly , their frozen food has been pretty amazing as well ; and i do n't usually like frozen food ... . ever . this market saves my butt when i need to make a quick dinner after a long day in class . trader joe 's sets the bar for their pre made food , hands down ! the service is always great as well ! everyone is super helpful and friendly , which i really appreciate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love trader joes , great staff , cheap prices , quality food , sometimes stuff is hard to find because it 's a little cluttered but i love looking thought everything and finding different items each time . sublime cookie sandwiches are the best ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trader joe 's is the place i do most of my grocery shopping . i can take my daughter and she can choose out items that i know are healthier than grocery store options .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love tj 's ! reasonably price for fresh organic foods . for two weeks of groceries ( fresh produce , frozen fruits , vegetables ) i believe i spent $ 60 ! the only thing i would stay away from is the meat section and go else where to purchase . it 's almost pathetic looking at how expensive the pricing is compared to other places . the frozen figs are absolutely amazing & delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "landscape maintenance is a pain especially when you 're like me who 's gone through several with varying results ( and in one case the guy took my check i left on the front door and only completed half the work ) . found chris through a neighborhood facebook page and i was wary at first due to past experience but i was proven wrong . chris did a great job clearing out my front and backyard ( i 'm leaf free for the time being ) . what 's awesome as well is there 's no language barrier so communicating exactly how i wanted things was easy . he executed to exactly how i wanted things ( detail oriented ) . if you 're looking for a landscape maintenance company , i highly encourage you to consider chris from realtree landscaping .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never showed up to give a quote after two tries . not sure of the quality of work .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "realtreelandscaping did an awesome job on my backyard cleaning at a very affordable price . he even came to my home the very next business day ! i would recommend realtreelandscaping to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "reasonable prize , gave good inputs regarding my yard , honest and hard working guy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chris was great . i have used urais landscaping before , but chris was so much better . he gave me a greate quote to clean my front and back yards and he worked his ass off . i have since set up to have him maintain my yard on a monthy timeframe and have not be disappointed . he does such an awesome job . i am really happy to have found him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful pedi today ! massage and polish were perfect- glad i found this place -ca n't wait to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my sister , mom , and i came in for a pedicure the day after christmas . we sat right down and had a wonderful , relaxing pedi . the owner was very friendly . the massages were great and the polish looked really good ! ca n't wait to come back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dread coming to this starbucks . have you ever walked into a place and felt totally uncomfortable ? i get that feeling whenever i step into this starbucks . unless you walk here , forget finding a parking space . carson street is very busy , and it 's hard to park .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice big starbucks ! nice enough to hold a meeting or camp out for a work sesh . typical starbucks , you know . wish there was better parking but it 's south side , so you have to expect that . if you 're looking for local though make your way over to big dog coffee on sarah !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here saturday afternoon . i just ordered a regular coffee but someone i was with had a mocha . cup was half empty and inside looked like powdered hot chocolate that was n't stirred . lol . when returning drink there was a line of other folks who needed their drink fixed or remade .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as far as starbucks goes , the southside location is currently my favorite ... and i 'm not just saying that because it 's the most convenient location for me . there are a lot of gripes about parking , but i 've rarely had any issue finding a spot when we actually drive there instead of walking . granted , i mostly go in the middle of the day , though . the service has always been great ! the employees all greet you with a smile , and seem to have a good attitude . also , do n't be afraid of the lines ... the service is quick , even when there 's only two people behind the counter ! the final compliment i have is the consistency of the drinks . as far as my drinks go , it 's one of the few starbucks that seems to deliver the same quality every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good starbucks . i generally get my coffee to go and it comes out quick , hot , and bold . stayed for the wifi once . it worked . it is a starbucks . wish it had outdoor seating .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great starbucks shop . the crew knows their stuff . always good and fast . become a regular and they will start your drink when you walk in the door without asking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "space-wise , this starbucks is great . like most starbucks , there is some seating and a trendy vibe . the baristas are friendly , but i find they are very heavy-handed on the syrup at this location ( even when i request fewer pumps ) and mobile orders are hit or miss , either being ready in a jiffy or way past the quoted time . i do n't go to this starbucks very often because it is not very walkable from my house and parking is almost non-existent . if they begin to offer a drive-thru or curbside service , i would come every day instead of once every few months , when i happen to be walking by on foot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i always get bad vibes about this place each time i go in must be about my skin color because it 's certainly not about my character because no one knows me", "score": "1"}
{"review": "although i normally would suggest a local coffee shop over starbucks , i like this place . sure the parking is n't awesome ( it 's south side so that 's expected ) , i found this location to be roomie and comfortable . the large table makes it great for groups . i will say , it was freezing inside . perhaps that 's their `` popcorn in a bar '' type of approach to get you to buy more warm drinks ? if i am in south side i would choose big dog before this place . but i do n't mind this starbucks if friends want to go . so long as it 's not putting beehive out of business , it 's cool by me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pros : big space with a wall to separate the people in line and the people who want to chill , read , study . this way , the people crowding in line to get a drink wo n't be busy scooting their butts into the faces of those seated . there 's also a little seating area up front in the corner and i love that for people watching . a pro this time is i got an iced vanilla latte and it was made perfectly . cons : parking sucks so much . yes , we should all expect that here , but still it 's definitely not worth the hassle to come to this location in my opinion . another con is everything is overpriced . big shock ? no . i 'd probably come here more if the parking was different . i do love the layout way more than the other starbucks locations around town .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to several different starbucks in the city and this one is definitely my favorite . the baristas are friendly and quick . they also take the extra time to ask your name and remember your fav drink . with a special mention to clarissa or carista ? forgive me i 'm horrible with names but she 's truly first rate with treating customers better than expected ! ! i also like the cozy atmosphere ... several leather chairs to relax in which is great . only wish it had a fireplace for cold days . plus it has clean bathrooms !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this starbucks location above many others . i always get what i order , the drinks are consistent , and tasty . it 's within walking distance for me , which is a huge plus . the staff is usually very friendly as well . yeah it 's a bit pricey , but i know what i 'm getting is going be done quick , and taste good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoy this starbucks . yes , they are caddy-corner to the beehive , but i need the extra-strong jolt of coffee in the morning that so far only starbucks can deliver . starbucks in the morning , behive in the evening !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes , starbucks is starbucks . you can either love it , hate it , or need it . personally , i 'm not a daily coffee person but i do enjoy coffee when i need a pick me up . there are multiple places to choose from for coffee in this neighborhood . almost every local coffee joint serves up a great cup or menu item . choosing a place just depends on my mood . i go to starbucks because of their consistency with orders , speed , and staff . i know what i 'm going to get when i order . i know it will be served quickly . i know the staff will be professional and friendly . i know behind the counter is clean and that the staff is clean . i like that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is indeed a good starbucks location , and one of my favorites because of one big thing ... . their drinks are always consistent ! i have never had a crappy caramel macchiato here ( which is not the case with some of the other locations , yes market square , i am talking to you ) . i was in there this morning , and i got two drinks and two breakfast sandwiches so quickly it was impressive ! the staff is always attentive and kind too . parking sucks , but if you are going to be quick , you should be able to find something close by or in the loading zone around the corner with a 15 minute time limit ( put on your flashers ! ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't resist the passion tea lemonade , and this location always has the most delicious , moist blueberry coffee cake . but no wireless access unless you 're a t-mobile customer ? lame . could starbucks be any more of a corporate whore ? are they that cocky about the quality of their coffee that they think people wo n't go across the street to the beehive , or tuscany , where wireless is free for all to enjoy and the coffee is just as good ? apparently , but unlike starbucks , i 'm ca n't be bought that easily .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great location and friendly staff . however there is no sense of urgency . they are very slow so be patient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a regular at this store and some of the employees know me and are very sweet , but every time i order a drink with no whip or no foam i get a huge dollop of foam , every single time . i used to work at starbucks . when a drink is supposed to have whip and they do n't want whip , you fill to the top with milk , not add a crap ton of foam . and no foam means no foam . i 'm absolutely repulsed by milk foam that 's why i ask for my drinks to not have them . it does n't matter who 's making my drink , they always always put foam on it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly staff . starbucks quality coffee , as expected . fast service when busy . and a rather ample seating area for a southside venue . i 'd ding them for lack of parking ... but ... i never drive there so it does n't really affect my personal customer experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this starbucks seems to be more consistent than most other local starbucks as far as quality . the staff is always quick with a friendly greeting . they usually have your order ready before you make it to the end of the counter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had an amazing experience here . first , the dresses are all reasonably priced , and in a wide range of sizes , so no trouble trying on dresses . second , they had a wonderful variety of dresses in all styles . third , paula was great ! she was so helpful and encouraged me to try on many different dresses . when i found a dress i loved , she told me to keep it on as long as i want , i can wear it until the shop closes : ) it is not as frilly as other stores , no pedestal to stand on ( but she had heels to wear ) and no three view mirror , but it was the best place i went to , and i got my dress there ! i would highly recommend this bridal salon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited so any different bridal boutiques and this one simply stole my heart . the dresses , the service and the entire store is phenomenal . paige and paula are simply wonderful to work with . there are so many different dresses to try on and i love that paige gave me recommendations based on what i was explaining to her that i liked or did n't like . my wedding dress arrived in just 3 weeks , i could n't believe it came so soon . the dress is absolutely perfect and it fits as closely as a dress would fit without alterations . i was very nervous that it would be too big or too small , but it fits almost perfectly . i highly recommend la blanca for their service , dresses and just the overall experience . paige and paula , you are both doing a wonderful job and i am so incredibly happy with my wedding dress !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "going wedding dress shopping at la blanca was a great experience ! i was a little worried about my appointment going into it because there were about 13 people planning to come . i was kind of under the impression that it was a smaller place so i was not sure how this would go . it went perfectly ! ! the ladies there were so accommodating . when we walked in they allowed us to have the entire upper level of the store for my family and bridesmaids to watch me try on dresses . the lady asked what i was looking for and i think she pulled just about every dress in the store that matched my requirements . she was not pushy or rushed us at all . with so many people , each dress took a bit of time because there were a lot of pictures being taken and comments about the dress . the store itself is very cute and has so many different styles and is affordable . i highly reccomend stopping here while searching for your dress .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "la blanca was the best bridal experience i could ever ask for . the owner of the store , paige , was such a sweet and accommodating lady ! unlike many other bridal shops out there , paige really helped me find the gorgeous designer dress i 've always wanted , while still staying under my budget ! i did buy my gown off the rack since i am a close fit to sample size . but the dress still looked fresh , new , and well taken care of ... all for a heck of a deal ! while other shops attempted to force feed me dresses that were up to $ 500 over my budget , la blanca truly helped me find my perfect fit without breaking the bank . all the ladies working there were super sweet . i would definitely recommend this adorable boutique shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do you see any ratings here under 5 stars ? no ? well now you know why ! awesome store , such a cute neighborhood , and most importantly- they have a gorgeous selection of gowns and amazing staff . my consultant , rachel , worked her tail off ! she was so insightful , and she totally got my `` vision ; '' i found my perfect dress ( which was not easy to find- i had gone to quite a few shops beforehand ! ) and i was even able to meet with cora , their seamstress , who totally knows her stuff too ! seriously , the only bad thing i can think of about the whole experience is that i only get to go dress shopping once !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely loved my dress . after dozens of places looking and having 20 dresses tossed to me at the same time , coming to this boutique was a breath of fresh air . even better yet i had discarded the thought of this dress because in the online sophia tolli catalog the model was a size zero . after some convincing they got me in the dress and it was just what i had spent a year looking for . thank you so much for the help and the memories .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mom and i ordered 72 cuupcakes for my sons bday bash , when we went to pick up our order they were whipped topping instead of what we asked for which was butter cream , then on top of that they looked horrendous ! ! ! absolutely terrible job on the cupcakes ! it looked like my son which is 3 threw the frosting on and made them instead of a professional . the lady was in such a rush that she throw us the cupcakea and left , didnt even ask us how we felt about them . we will never do business with this bakery again : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife and i are always looking for new locally owned restaurants . last week saw this new bakery on 7th ave & dunlap so we decided to check it out . i can easily sum up our experience as wow ! they had several beautifully decorated cakes displayed - wedding , theme birthday & holiday cakes . we tried several of the pastries which were flaky with just the right amount of sweetness . even the fresh brewed coffee was as good as most coffee shops ... and much less expensive . needless to say we will be returning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy finally a nice bakery with delicious pastries ! so happy , i was pulling in as they turned the open light off , i decided to walk up they let me in and were n't crummy about it . this place ids family owned and ran . it was an interesting scene , their son was doing homework while i was making my selections , which i thought was great . i love supporting local places . the owner explained that her husband makes everything by hand , no machines he hand kneeds everything ! impressive , i 'm definitely coining back and might even have my son 's birthday cake made their too . great service and great pastries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as has been stated above , the wings should be called giant wings ! it 's fun trying out all the different types that are offered ! they are cooked fresh - hence a possible `` wait '' time , but that would be preferred to eating a dried up , sitting around all day par-cooked wing , no ? there are different specials daily , too many to list . the fries are very tasty , too . i ca n't post about any other menu items , because i just head there weekly for the super-fantastic wings ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the original location in richmond hill , ontario has already closed , and now the `` franchise '' is down to just this location in mississauga , ontario . it is an almost empty bar sports bar , even on a saturday night . there was a list of rap artists scheduled for 9:00 pm , something that did n't really fit in with a mexican bar wing establishment vibe ; we departed just before the $ 5.00 cover would have been asked , and arrival of security . the food was decent as far as wings , fries , and ribs go ; however , it was generally overpriced . do n't even bother bringing in any type of discount coupon , management does n't honour them . you will need to argue with the manager to get half of what you should receive .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we actually had a really great time at the krazy cactus when we were in mississauga for the tfconvention . i think we went there all three nights . the service was great -- which is why we kept coming back and the wings were great , and lots of flavour selections and the prices were reasonable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place was dead , it was a thursday night in february ... so that may not be the case all year . they have a fair beer selection and typical bar offerings , nothing special or notable . i had the `` krazy jambalaya '' and it was hot ... ( i like spicy food ) probably too hot for most to enjoy the rest of the dish . talked with the new head cook , he asked how my food was and after explaining the heat , he said it would be fixed . overall , an okay place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great wings and service is nice ! quiet during the day but apparently picks up after 2 ! hope they stay around : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for wings and ribs . came out satisfied . excellent . nice big clean place . sports bar ambiance but nice and bright was waited upon by nicky . ( lovely service ) $ 7.50 for a corona ? ? ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service is god awful . the server took 20 minutes to take our orders and argued with us over deal ticker coupon and gave us attitude about it . she brought more beers before we finished our first ones without asking and over all just had an awful attitude . atmosphere is kinda dirty and more then half the light bulbs are out . wings are mediocre .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered the penne pollo . big time disappointment.lacking flav ! ! no cactus fries despite on menu and restaurant name . bunch of excuses ! ! ! frozen stuff was as expected ... ca n't really screw that up . ie jalepeno poppers , fries , chicken fingers", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really good wings ... so much better than all stars ! and they have 75 favors ... i always try the cajun so i 'm not bias by the favour and honestly i was not disappointed .. also 29.99 everyday for a pitcher and 2bls of wings , that 's a pretty good deal", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to see araab muzik and had trouble getting in the door because i had on camo . i thought that was a strange reason not to let someone in the club , after talking to the manager he finally let me in . but it thought that was odd , i was n't wearing anything baggy or crazy . i will not be going back anytime soon ... ... ... ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just want to point out that there was someone who went before me and had similar shoes and they let him in . not me though . be consistent or get rid of your policies and dress code . i will tell 1000 people about this and to not go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the design of the place , however it was too crowded . as expected during the weekends obviously ; dj however during this night did n't have a a stable set of music to play throughout the night . i guess i went during the night that was n't meant to be . i would give this place another try seeing that a lot of people come here and enjoy this place . but at least i can say that during this night and moment , i did n't enjoy it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "alex is the epitome of wonderful customer service . he is prompt , organized and ensures everything is done to the highest standard . he replaced our water heater the same day we contacted him and did n't charge us anything for several upgrades because he knew we were ready to sell the house and needed it ready to pass an inspection . i feel completely comfortable recommending him to anyone in need of plumbing services , particularly for home inspections or water heater concerns . great guy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we needed to have our 75 gallon water heater replaced in a hurry . the water heater was leaking , and the shut off valve was defective so i could n't stop the leaking water . i called a lot of companies late on a saturday afternoon , and most either could n't make it until sunday or monday or refused to give a price quote over the phone . alex answered the phone , asked me all the relevant questions about accessibility of the water heater , quoted me a price and said he could be over in an hour . he showed up on time and did a thorough and professional job . he had a great sense of humor throughout dealing with this heavy project , and cleaned up thoroughly when he was done . i 'll use him for all future plumbing needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found alexander 's plumbing through yelp reviews and could n't be happier . he originally came out for a few small items but ended helping us install plumbing for our bathroom remodel . he is thorough and makes sure the job gets done right . i would definetly recommend his services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! so impressed that alex came at 8:00pm to replace our water valves . we recently moved in a house and have been a week without a washer and dryer . they get delivered and installed only to find the valves are leaking and need to be replaced . alexanders plumbing was able to squeeze us in at the end of the night to fix them . on top of all that , the work was impeccable and did not required any patching . most plumbers leave a mess but he made it look even better . do not hesitate to give alex a call ! awesome ! thank you ! fyi - prices were on par with other quotes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service . very prompt and great communications . i would highly recommend using alexander 's plumbing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yet again , alexander 's plumbing to the rescue ! daniel did an outstanding job . he swooped in like superman , fixed the problem . he is always so professional and a pleasure to work with . if you have to have a plumber , this is the company to call ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "alex to the rescue ! came home to a leaking water heater on a saturday afternoon . called alexander plumbing and from phone call to work completed it was about 5 hrs ! again , on a saturday afternoon ! i was able to send pictures of the broken water heater so he could assess the situation and bring the correct unit for replacement . he kept me updated before arriving to the house . very professional and courteous . amazing customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the coolest places to hang out at in toronto ( okay fine maybe i 'm just overexcited about a persian cafe opening up downtown ! ) but i 've really enjoyed coming to this place . it 's a perfectly laid out huge area for a cafe ( perfect for parties , especially in the back room ) , that serves persian desserts , shisha hookah , and some unique persian italian fusion food ( ghormeh sabzi pizza anyone ? ) . i would n't necessarily come here for a dinner but it 's a great place to hang out and grab a snack and dessert . it 's very rare to see such unique places in toronto and for them to do such a great job at it too but i think awtash has hit the spot . completely elegant decor , but not too expensive . really intimate but again tons of space . great tasting offerings , no pretentiousness ! what more could you ask for ? well i just wish it was a bit busier and lively but i 'm sure that will come in time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what the hell was that 'special pizza ' and why the hell was it so exquisite , i do n't know . i just know i got ta go back there soon for more . recommendation : half fesenjoon half ghorme sabzi pizza . very chill place , good for relaxing and socializing . and the food , it 's definitely a new taste , a delicious one . try to get the house specialty food and dessert instead of regulars , so you know what i mean by `` new taste '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service . only one waitress serving . ordered a hookah as soon as we walked in . beers and food ten minutes later . twenty minutes into service he food is the first thing to come out . no drinks no hookah . work on your service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i could totally make this a regular hangout . service is wonderful , it 's sexy , has fresh pineapple juice - tell me , how often do you get that in a regular cafe - offers great grilled flatbread and other decent light persian snacks . and free wifi . zip ! the booths are perfect for evening get-togethers ... music 's good , interior 's dim but well decorated and lovely . i feel like i 'm somewhere else far , far away . at this point , i 'm impressed and this five-star rating is partly to get people here and make it a new buzzing hotspot on college . is it gon na work ? you tell me . totally coming back for the shisha . $ 20 ! anyone game ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meh . this place is pretty over priced considering they ca n't be bothered to maintain the furniture or the washrooms . have you ever seen one of those saw movies ? well they could very well have been filmed in those washrooms . the chai tea was actually pretty good but i was disappointed , especially given the price , that they did n't have spiced or saffron sugar cubes . the flavour in the shisha was also underwhelming as it did n't even last through one coal . i wo n't be back again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as soon as i walked in i thought `` this place is sexy , '' i wanted to love it so badly ! unfortunately the service was a bit disappointing . let 's start off with the good pros : sexy atmosphere extremely friendly servers unique menu ( did n't try anything ) comfy couch delicious shisha cons : dark sketchy path to the bathrooms the people who came after me were served before me had to flag down a server took way too long to get some shisha aside from that this is a good place to come hang with friends , have some shisha , a snack and play cards . i will be back", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great vibe , great owner - a nice little persian cafe without having to truck on up to the hinterlands - i am a fan . ok , i love this place . a lot . but i feel sort of compelled to ask ... why the h # $ % ! are n't you open before 5pm ? ? ? ? ? ? i know , i know - no dark & sexy before 5pm - but - since they already have everything in place to just open the doors early and simply be one of the best coffee places on college st - why do n't they ? ok , i confess that my ulterior motive is to turn this place into my virtual office - someplace where i can be comforted by the environment and further comforted by the discomfort it would cause to the droids that , quite frankly , make me really uncomfortable . what was this review about again ? oh yeah awtash ! i love that place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here on a tuesday night . it was n't open , even though it was supposed to be . what a buzzkill .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "out of all the sheesha bars in toronto , awtash is a nice little place . the positives : 1 ) the place is big 2 ) the tables- booths are a great size 3 ) they have a private seperate seating area in the back 4 ) they have great drinks and not as expensive as paeez 5 ) the small menu they have is good 6 ) they do n't charge you for extra coal the cons : 1 ) service is terrible 2 ) mid price range for sheesha if you are a regular sheesha smoker , this might not be a regular spot for you . but it 's a good place to bring a unisex crowd and feel safe ( compared to some of the other joints with cheaper sheesha is shady areas ) . it 's great to go before a fun night out on college , a meet up place so to say .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good things- ambiance desserts never too busy bad things- really bad service- one waiter told us they are very understaffed right now and they closed the day before because there was no one available to work average price i will return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible service . waited about one hour for drinks , pizza , and shisha . the shisha was horrible , it only came with one coal , and when we asked for another they looked at us like we were requesting the world .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a brand-spankin ' new shisha place near my place . i 'm no shisha head , but i 'll have it from time to time . this is the best shisha place i 've been to overall in toronto for both atmosphere and quality . they also have some really interesting food there . i ordered some dessert that was a kind of sorbet in rose water with vermicelli noodles in it . it sounds disgusting i know , but it was really good ! also , their shisha pipes are pretty frickin ' cool looking ( though i think they need some breaking in -- i got a bit of a plastic-y taste every now and then ) owner is pretty friendly too.. i would go back..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of my usual places for late night hand outs . it has a very interesting decor and authentic ambiance , not to mention one of my top choices for shisha ( hooka ) and hanging out with friends . it is definitely a great date place too . good : decor , food , and drinks . bad : not much , personal preferences might vary .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with some friends for her birthday . at first it seemed nice , nice decor and kind of spacious . then i went to order some drinks at the bar ( which took forever ) and they were probably the most horribly tasting and overpriced whiskey sours i 've ever had . my friends also ordered a variety of drinks which were all very poorly made . the service is very , very poor . our coals were replaced only when our night was coming to an end . mouthpieces were not given and had to be asked for . the waitress was rude and did n't come by often . another friend ordered the salad , which tasted very odd and had too much dressing . we did n't even pay the gratuity fee so i guess you could say we felt like they did n't deserve it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "visited awtash last wednesday night and was really disappointed . they were clearly understaffed for the evening . it took for ever for someone to take our order for the shisha . then it arrived almost 20 mins later with no tips . drinks arrived late and the coke was flat . very slow service and nobody apologised for a bad evening . i had been to awtash about 10 months ago and everything was great . i guess this was just a bad night for us : - ( can not recommend to anyone now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just do n't get the sangria . it was the worst , least-sangria tasting sangria i have ever had . granted it was the pomegranate-sangria , but still , it should still have some semblance of sangria but did n't . we went late at night because it was the only place that would let us in without iding us ( we are of age , but one friend forgot his id ) and that did n't charge cover ( which it should n't ) . the shisha is average priced at $ 15 per hookah , there 's a lot of flavours , we had apple . it was pretty good . we sat in the very back , and it was quite cute . it 's not awesome , definitely not the best shisha bar i 've ever been to , but it was a nice time , nice place , solid experience that was downtown and there when we needed it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they have decent variety of shisha and beer ; it 's reasonable priced . it 's a nice atmosphere , and the seating is comfortable and relaxing . the service is just okay . however , the washroom smells like a sewer , and looks like one too . they 're making fairly good money here since the shisha is n't the cheapest and it 's in a prime location , so the least they could do is maintain the washroom .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service is damn slow if you order food but the ambience is really nice the lighting is sexy but it can get pretty noisy and crowded when they 're busy which is often prices are alright 15 bucks for shisha", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice joint with a nice staff but no tobacco in the shisha . soooo no buzz . i do n't see the point . if you 're here for other reasons then maybe its worth checking out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place for hookah ! we arrived around 11:15 one evening and the waitress very sweetly welcomed us and reminded us that they close at 12 ( it was n't rude at all , she was just keeping us informed ) . we ordered a hookah to split and found a comfy place to sit . this cafe has several different kinds of areas and i 'm sure that a group can find a comfortable place to chill out while eating or enjoying hookah . we did n't eat but we did have a relaxing 45 minutes and were well attended by the bubbly waitress . my only complaint is that the cost was higher than i am used to , about $ 15 . but it 's a nice place and i would definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sheesha bar sympa au coin de college et bathurst . grandes tables : id\u00e9al pour les groupes . sheesha bar at college and bathurst . the good stuff here are the huge tables for the groups .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found this place on a friday night when looking for a somewhere to have a coffee . upon entering awtash i was struck by the smell of sheesha ... delicious , sickly , sweet ! lovely big booths , warm atmosphere and i experienced good service . we ordered strawberry sheesha ( $ 15 ) , coffees and desserts.the menu has a few different desserts including vegan options . i opted for the rose waffles and pistachio ice cream . the ice cream was fantastic , however the waffle was more like a wafer . coffee was perfect ! my friend had the chocolate strawberry flat bread which was delicious . our server stopped by enough but it was not overly busy ; that said there was a party in the place . overall it was a positive experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very nice atmosphere and set up . the front windows are wide so it 's perfect for summer shisha smoking . i did n't get the chance to try any of their food or drinks though . shisha was good , very good flavour and the hookah looked clean , they only brought it with 1 coal which i thought was odd , but they gave us another when we asked . got 2 bottles of water , only 1 of them was cold but they offered us a glass with ice so i guess that 's ok. service was ok , kind of slow . about ~ $ 15 for shisha .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "okay , so me and my friends decided to go out on my friends birthday . as we were walking down college street we saw the sign and said hey . why not ? when we got in and were seated we had to wait approximately one hour in order to get our shishas . and we had to wait another ten minutes just to get our drinks . that 's 70 minutes for one drink . we were planning on having a fun night out but because of awtash 's horrible service our vibes got killed and we did not have fun . i would definitely recommend not coming here it was the worst service i 've ever received at a restaurant . we expected much more but we were let down immensely . once again i do not recommend coming to awtash because of the horrible service and the mediocre pizza .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the environment in this place . it is very cozy and cordial . love the different flavours of sheesha and hummus and bread is just as good . it 's a nice informal place for an informal client meeting in the evening to unwind smoke some sheesha have some beer and discuss schematics . location is perfect the atmosphere is perfect . highly recommended for small and large gatherings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! ! wanted to go out on a saturday and found this spot . music is really good , the atmosphere is authentic and the food is great and inexpensive . i 'll definitely be coming back here ... : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were in a desperate search for a hookah joint and stumbled upon awtash . to be honest , i was about to abort the plan - with the loud lounge music and the decor ... the place looked kinda douchey . but we pushed in and after asking to not be seated by the speakers , we were seated in the semi-private back room . first off , once you 're away from the loud dj - this place is pretty nice . it 's a laid back middle eastern vibe with lots of big tables and couches and pillows . the shisha we had was tasty and the staff was on the ball about replacing our charcoal . the waitresses came by frequently to ask if we needed anything else . all around , the staff was dope . and we were there on a friday night and they had $ 4 tall cans of mgd light . i know - i know - it 's crap beer . but for $ 4 - i 'll drink it . not bad at all , will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "1 ) chef quit on the day i went so there was no food 2 ) shisha was good 3 ) it was a bit expensive", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great date spot . it 's dimly lit and has a wide array of seating from booths , to a bunch of couches around a table , to a two person seater . the shisha is standard and the pipes are kind of falling apart . the service is slow but it 's a slow-paced kind of place to kill a few hours shrouded in smoke ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beer : delirium tremens ... higher in alcohol content and pretty tasty", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the decore and atmosphere is great ! the staff are friendly ! the food is very unique ! but unfortunately the wait time is too long ! and the shisha i had wasnt all that good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we called in to make reservations and were told we do n't need them . when we arrived there was no room , as everything was reserved . we got a nice corner at the back , but could barely fit in there . the group next to us waited for their food for so long that they actually went out to the nearby shawarma place and got some food . the hookah was blah - though i 'm not sure if it 's because of the laws prohibiting tobacco . our server was nice , but seemed frustrated and overwhelmed at times . bad experience , beautiful atmosphere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very nice place to smoke shisha ! ! ! ambiance is amazing , food is really good ( though service is slow ) . but who cares how fast you got food if you came to relax and enjoy shisha . the only thing you have to book table in advance , especially if you want to come after 9pm . but the rest is super good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ambiance was nice . great music and service . hooka was not very good . would go back again ... minus the hooka .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , i had the # 45 dry spicy veggies xiao mian advertised as hot and spicy . very hot and and great flavor . my first time at this type of noodle place and i know i 'll be back for more . had to let my bowl cool off for about 15 minutes but worth the wait . i 'm looking forward to their tasty bbq next time . only the second day opened and i can see they are just going to get better . they will have to earn the 5th star maybe next time . oh do n't forget to try the magic ice desert ! wonderful", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great place for noodles ! i love the spicy\uff01do n't forget the ice jelly ! you will love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very authentic chinese food . i felt for noodle soup and found this little spot . the food is very good and tastes like my grandparents cooking ! they just opened two weeks ago . i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we loved this place , xiao mian is a very popular chinese cuisine from chungking and i 've always wanted to try it . i ordered # 37 , the beef was very tender , the broth was tasty and peanuts added good flavor to the soup . noodles were also very tasty , they dont have any dough flavor . we also ordered their home made icy jelly which is a popular local cuisine in summer time , it 's very refreshing and authentic . waiters and waitresses were super friendly . we will definitely come back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very authentic chongqing food ! mmmmmmm bowel obstructingly good ! nice environment with awesome staff ! the beef wraps were great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "xiao mian means noodles in chinese . chongqing xiao mian is the best street food of everyone 's love : ) i am glad that i can find it in the u.s . ! ! ! ! sooo good ! i like no . 40 the garden pea with minced pork xiao mian best of all", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great quality food and very tasty ! one of the best chinese restaurants i have been to . i will definitely be returning ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "besides the noodles , the bbqs are also soooo good ! the bbq garlic pork and eggplant are very tasty", "score": "5"}
{"review": "real authentic food ! the spicy noodle soup even on a hot day was awesome . bursting with all the right flavors . they also have these chinese burritos which must be tried ! had the pork burrito and they serve it with pickled beans . amazing flavor combination . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place can easily be in top 5 if they continue to do what they 're doing right now . amazing coffee and friendly staff . pikolo , myriade , humble lion , odessa , dispatch have a new competition . if you are anywhere near the sherbrooke metro station or square st-louis , drop by and get your coffee fix . -- -- -- edit : this place without any doubt offers the best coffee in montreal right now ! they have the beans nobody else offers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "un caf\u00e9 ind\u00e9pendant sympathique , am\u00e9nag\u00e9 avec soin et ouvert en soir\u00e9e , quoi demander de mieux sur st-denis ? jesse , passionn\u00e9 de caf\u00e9 , vous donnera un accueil chaleureux . vous aurez peut-\u00eatre m\u00eame la chance de d\u00e9couvrir une de ses importations uniques \u00e0 montr\u00e9al . l'endroit est id\u00e9al pour travailler ou fl\u00e2ner et combler une fringale avec quelques produits maisons tr\u00e8s bons . aussi id\u00e9al pour emporter un bon caf\u00e9 ou une boisson froide dans un des parcs du coin ( carr\u00e9 st-louis , parc lafontaine ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quite possibly the best coffee in montr\u00e9al . the beans are great and the coffee is consistently amazing . it 's expertly done and if you come regularly you can always expect new flavours from a great barista . p.s . try the cold brew , it 's off the charts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think i know a thing or two about coffee , and about the independent coffee-shops specifically . having been to most of the main third wave coffee-shops in the east coast , the experience offered by l'artiste affame is the best par excellence , no match . the cortado is unparralled . and jesse , is a coffee lover before being a barista or the owner . also , if you buy beans to make your coffee home , this place has some coffee beans that you wo n't find anywhere in the east coast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a coffee expert ( i have maybe two cups a month ) but i was impressed with this place . the aforementioned jesse is very good at what he does , and he is very kind about sharing his knowledge of all things coffee . like i said , i do n't know anything about coffee , but if i do n't have to add sugar to it because it tastes great as it is - i definitely will try other things on the menu . incidentally , there 's a laundromat connected to this place . jesse 's not in charge of it , but he will gladly give you change if you need it . machines are brand new , decor is kitschy fun . so if you have to do the wash , grab a magazine to read and a coffee - it 's a nice way to spend the morning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jesse knows his product so the coffee is amazing . and if you sit at the bar , there 's basically always interesting conversation to be had . what 's not to like ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thought this place was called le petit bas perdu , yelp corrected me . they deserved 5 stars then and with the correction yelp made i 'm reposting . great coffee . drink coffee here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can say that without a doubt , l'artiste affame is the best combination cafe laundromat i 've ever been to . but seriously , good coffee and espresso ( i liked their flat white a lot ) , and a great place to chill . there 's always people on laptops , and there 's free wifi . in the back , you can do your laundry . there 's even a sock vending machine . jesse is a super cool guy , and if you need advice on the cool spots to hit up , he 'll set you straight . super cool wall decor as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best coffee in montreal with an amazingly comfortable and friendly atmosphere and superb customer service . jesse is passionate about coffee and it shows . sit back , enjoy the music , listen in on interesting conversations , and enjoy an amazing cup of coffee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this espresso bar . it 's roomy , wifi is good , oh , and the coffee is boom . jesse sources very carefully and you 'll find only top notch roasts being served here . singular complaint , he uses very average milk where as many espresso bars opt for 'le run de lait ' , a small scale dairy crew that produces high quality milk ( pasteurized of course , but better than any commercial dairy offering ) . http : www.societe-orignal.com products.html other than that , i always enjoy stopping in and have begun buying my beans here as well to get a taste of transcend roasters out of edmonton . he also serves bows n arrows on a regular basis .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "je viens de d\u00e9couvrir . il vient tout juste d'ouvrir , un caf\u00e9 sympa , excellent service . endroit id\u00e9al pour travailler", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually do n't rate that bad , but i did n't get a good experience here . first time there to meetup with a friend . although , that one time , they do n't serve anything else than coffee . it was monday 5pm and i sure do n't want coffee at that time . staff could be much friendlier . i have to say i was expecting more from this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the dumplings are delicious . they 're fresh , flavourful , juicy , and cheap . i 'm writing this review after many satisfied visits because their quality standards are going down . i started my dinner off by killing a baby longhorn beetle crawling along my table . i later had to pick off a cooked maggot from my pea shoots . though not surprising , it is still very off-putting . no matter how much i crave dumplings , there are other places", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a no-frills dumpling house . they have multitudes of different dumpling fillings and styles , from lamb to carrots , to pan-fried and steamed . you will get your dumpling fix here . the store is a bit cramped and not the cleanest , but the dumplings are definitely fresh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've always been a fan of this place . we go here regularly for take out because the seating area is small and always busy . the vegetarian dumplings are always delicious , the beef brisket noodle is meh ( the brisket is small , not very tasty ) and they have excellent pan-fried beef sandwich . in cantonese it 's called `` beef big cracker '' , but it 's basically a pan-fried chive pancake with hoisin sauce and sliced beef . cash only .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friend and i went to this restaurant for lunch today . we ordered three dishes for the two of us : jellyfish & cucumber salad ; green onion pancake , and 15 steamed pork dumplings . the jellyfish & cucumber salad was absolutely delicious for a cold appetizer . their green onion pancake seemed to be missing a bit of flavour to it , but if you add a tinge of soya sauce , it was good . the pork dumplings was amazing ! lots of juices in them . all together , it cost about $ 15 - which is quite worth it ! i was really full in the end . however , the only difficulty is that the servers are not very fluent in english , so that was just one difficulty . however , great place for lunch !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is n't necessarily the best dumplings , but still good . the spring onion pancake is the best thing on the menu . the crispy fried pork is delicious ; lightly battered thin strips of pork in a sweet and sour sauce . the steamed dumpings are good , but not great as are the fried ones . the baby baby dow-miow with garlic is super good , and still taste like veggies even after it 's been cooked ! service is fast and efficient , but they are cash only , so come prepared !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "like most reviews , i got ta say this place makes some of the best dumplings in the gta . they are served in a traditional steam basket . if you order more than one basket , they 're stacked on top of each other so the dumplings stays hot until you 're ready for it . besides the dumpling , i would recommend their pig belly . it 's fattening but it 's really good . you can skip on their fried onion dough ; it 's ok but it 's really not their specialty . go in small group . this place is like a shoe box and they squeeze their patron in a cafeteria table setting . it really is a place for you to stuff the dumplings and get the heck out once you 're done . cheers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is good , food is good . my party of 4 got a jelly fish cold dish , hot & sour soup to share , 2 orders of dumplings , pan fried dumplings , and 2 orders of potstickers for about $ 40 ! definitely recommend the hot & sour soup as well as dumplings and potstickers but might skip the pan fried dumplings next time . also demoted one star because the bathrooms are nasty and i saw a bug on the wall when i walked into the restaurant ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you want to save yourself the embarrassment of walking to the nearest atm machine , bring cash as they do n't accept any other kinds of payments . great dumplings at a reasonable price . i ordered the steamed pork chives egg shrimp dumpling and also the pan fried pork and chives dumplings , both were quit good and fresh but i like the the pork and chives better . it 's simple and delicious . the resto is relative clean and service is quick so a solid 4 star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "maybe it was a bad day for the chef or it was in a shitty mood but i have to say their fried pork dumplings were terrible , was n't pan cooked enough and the meat look like crap , i rather eat pan fried dumplings from the frozen ones at the supermarket we were also dumb enough to order the singapore fried rice noodle which was generous in portion but it was overly spicy and the toppings they used were shit ... did n't even have shrimp in it , a lot of the noodles did n't seem to be mixed properly ... . stay far far away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a nice hole in the wall that makes great food . pretty cheap to eat and the food is super tasty !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stumbled onto this place after running away from the grotto noodle house across the street . did n't look much but came out very impressed . the place is small but the food is fresh , large portions ( ie 1 noodle bowl is good for 2 people and then some , dumplings - an order is a steam tray ) , tasty and very enjoyable . best thing of all ... ..prices are really reasonable . wished the place was slightly bigger so that you had more room and did n't feel bad for lingering as you see the line up forming . would definitely go back over and over again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "holy moley its packed in here . we came on a weekday during lunch and its pppaacckked . they seated us next to strangers ! so weird . but i guess it beats waiting . hahaha . we later asked if we could move for more privacy when other table left . they were cool with it . the prices seem pretty good . green onion pancake was not what we expected but tastes delightful . it looks like a donut . place is very small and tight . they clearly have a space issue . they have to put dishes by the window . the venue itself is n't ugly or anything . granite tables and nice tile flooring . the exterior can fool you . exterior is quite ugly . dont judge a book by its cover ! food was really good . very tastey . if your a dumpling fan . this place is a must try . venue 5 5 food 5 5 location 3 5 price 5 5 service 4 5", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dumplings went up to $ 5.99 for 15 . still a good deal . they make them fresh , so no problems there . their hot pots are a good deal . they start around the $ 8.99 range ( beef and mushrooms ) and portion-wise , they 're really good . had the beef one today . apparently , it 's one of my bestie 's go-to dishes . lots of beef , enoki mushrooms , tomato slices , a few bunches of konnyaku ( yam noodles tied in knots ) , bean sprouts , etc .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the name says it all . this place is tiny , so you have to get used to eating in close quarters to other patrons . no biggie if you 're used to classic small chinese restaurants . make sure you order a bunch of dumplings , because it can sometimes take awhile for the stuff to be made and brought to your table , especially during peak afternoon `` dim sum '' times . try the lamb dumplings . it 's a different item than most people are used to but is really quite tasty ( if you do n't mind the `` lamb '' taste ) . if you have time on a weeknight , this place is a great place to go to have a `` late '' meal ( meaning before 10p.m. ) . great and cheap place to hang out with some good friends and have a hot , fresh , tasty ( and inexpensive ) meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "get the leek dumplings -- they 're amazing . the dumplings here are made fresh right before your eyes . this is a great cozy restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come to this dumpling house occasionally , mainly because their dumplings are one of the best in scarborough and markham area . they give you 15 fresh dumplings for just 4.99 $ which is a lot . other than their dumplings , i usually also order their beef noodles , stir-fried eggplants and leek bun which are good , but sometimes the leek bun might be a bit greasy . i like to point out that they actually make their own noodle , thus , the noodle has this very interesting texture when you chew on it . the only downfall here is probably their service and the environment of the restaurant . if you are into dumplings and you want to find one that is relatively cheap . this one is the one to go to !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "place is very busy and packed quickly . prices and quantity is better than the nearby asian legend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cheap spot for a-ok dumplings ! so juicy , so tender , freshly made right on the spot and served in a bambu dish ( when eating there ) . there 's lots of variety on the menu , but would n't recommend it . the place is so packed and dirty , i do n't trust anything cold or raw and was disappointed with my last visit as we did n't take dumplings that time around . if want to dine cheap and you 're up north east of toronto , grab to-go at this dumpling house . must pay cash !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of my favourite dumpling restaurants in toronto ! where do u get 15 fresh dumplings for $ 5 ? i also love their red bean paste puffs that are covered in sugar ... soooooooo good ! they have some very unique dishes worth checking out too , like the glass noodle appetizer ... or their green onion pancakes ... hot sour soup ... drool the portions of this restaurant are meant to be shared . it 's worth every penny . if you ever come during peak hours , be sure to come well ahead of time or try making reservations . there is usually a 4 out of 5 times i 've been here i 've had to line up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this spot reminds me of the restaurants i used to hit with my family as a kid . no frills service and decor , amazing food . my cousin and i have come here a couple of times to completely freak out , dumpling style . we 've had beef dumplings , pork dumplings , fried and steamed . we 've had the spicy lamb hot pot and the chive pancake . all delicious . get there early , the place fills up at dinner time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice little place in the metro square plaza if you 're in the mood for some cheap chinese food . there are pictures beside many of the items on the menu which helps a lot if you do n't know chinese . i got the fried noodles which were pretty basic . did n't taste like much unless i added a lot of soy sauce , vinegar sauce , or hot sauce to it . i specifically came for the dumplings because i read such great reviews about it - ordered the pan fried pork dumplings ( 6 pcs ) and the beef and raddish dumplings ( 15 pcs ) . very reasonable prices , as the whole bill came to $ 20 for my friend and i . we were full at the end with leftovers . the dumplings were okay , no complaints , but not something i would go around raving about . as for the service , the workers seem nice but do n't talk to you much . it 's really difficult to communicate if you do n't know cantonese or mandarin . awkward !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place . great prices and good , solid food . my wife and i order a ton of dumplings and take the leftovers home for snacking later . we usually order : hot and sour soup - it 's hard to find a good hot and sour and this is a solid entry a a good price cumin beef - really like this dish , a little zing but not too much vegetable dish - need some greens 3 orders of steamed dumplings and 1 order of fried - nothing more to add above what had already been written about the dumplings yes , an obscene amount of food but , like i said , we always order a lot as we want leftovers for snacking on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here again today and was very disappointed . i ordered the home style tofu which was extremely salty . i also ordered the onion fry lamb dish which was just as salty and oily . in addition , the dishes came slower than usual .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is a favourite of my dad 's and the food here is pretty good . i think what also gets my dad through the door is the reasonable prices . the restaurant is small and when it 's full , you 'll notice . also , if you have a group of 6 or more , there is only one large round table in the whole restaurant and it is by the front door so be aware . other than that , the food is very tasty so no disappointment there . the food also comes out quick . i think it also helps to have someone who can read or communicate in chinese in your group as they seem to have a number of special items posted on the wall and they are n't written in english . plenty of parking in metro square but it does get very busy during peak times like the weekend at lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "several years later , this place is still going strong and continues to be popular for dumplings . chinese dumpling house recently underwent renovations . it is clean and well-lit . you can still see the ladies making dumplings just a few meters away . as well , there seem to be more staff who speak cantonese now . nice to see that their recipe for success continues to be consistent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok 3 1 2 out 5 stars is a lie . i 've been going to this place for years and it 's the bomb . first off the homemade dumplings are great . who does n't love homemade dumplings ? also they have other stuff on the menu that 's a fave such as the braised eggplant , the chinese pancakes with meat , little pork strips and too many more to mention . plus it 's cheap ! ! a must place to go for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed the diner-esque vibe this no-frills chinese joint gives off , especially because their food is darn delicious ! we ordered for two and ate a lot ! the portion sizes are very generous ! here 's what we ordered : braised pomfret- going back for this one ! perfectly cooked , tender , meaty , flaky fish bathed in a spicy -sweet sauce lamb dumplings- yes please ! i could n't stop popping these juicy , tasty morsels in my mouth ! green onion pancake- light , fluffy , stretchy dough ... we said , we should save some ... yeah right ! sichuan pepper spinach- packed with flavour and a great accompaniment to the fish , plus it made me feel healthy with all the food i was eating i would definitely order it again . wonton noodle soup- this was good , super authentic , but not a personal fave . i 'm ready for some more dumplings and pomfret ... but i think i 'll let myself digest !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dumpling haven , a great way to fill your tummy on a chilly day . it 's usually ideal to go with a group of at least 4 so that you can try different dishes and share . the food here is good and the portions are large and affordable . the dumplings are served in woodensteamer baskets and cost about $ 5 for a dozen pieces . when you step into the restaurant you get to observe 2 women making the dumplings behind a window . the dumplings are delicious and the wrappers are very soft , some of the freshest and yummiest dumplings i 've had . good place with a wide variety of meat and vegetarian options . the service was good as they are friendly but are limited in english ( the menu also has a english version , just need to ask ) . give this place a try - a meal for 2 will cost you about $ 20 for a large amount of food . but warning , it can get kinda boring eating dumpling after dumpling .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome dumpling house ! cheap fresh hand-made dumplings in all flavors you can think of ! you can get them steamed or panfried . the owner 's super nice . you might want to go with someone that speak chinese . lots of other dishes too if you feel like having something on the side . fav things : garlic sauce eggplant , green onion pancake , tofu stew .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chinese dumpling house is located outside metro square . i seldom come to this place as i prefer other dumpling places such as dai tai fung . menu is all in chinese which i hate as i have limited words i can read . bring your parents or a friend that can read well or you will have the guess what the dish is . the dumpling are made fresh as you can see when you enter the place . pricing is cheaper than other places as well and portion is big . place is tiny and cramped . tables are almost touching and you will have trouble walking out the place without trying to knock into someone 's chair table . service is kind of slow and food usually takes long to come especially the dumplings . place is quite dirty and loud as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "okay dumplings , nothing special . they also weirdly happen to serve some korean food on the menu , and maybe it 's because i 'm picky but there 's something about korean food cooked by chinese people that does n't taste quite the same . does n't have that kick to it ( whether the dish is spicy or not ) . their gamjatang ( pork bone soup ) was surprisingly decent despite my initial reservations though even the most typical gamjatang at normal korean restaurants does taste better . was kind of disappointed and surprised that they did n't have my favourite type of dumplings , `` siulongbao xiaolongbao '' ( shanghai soup dumplings ) , despite it being aptly named a `` dumpling house '' .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hit this up with a friend who has gone with family before . she and i did n't realize that the entire order sheet would be is chinese , but we made do with some handy character matching between the order sheet and the menu given ! we ordered the pork w cabbage and the beef w pickled radishes steamed dumplings each serving 15 pieces . two people 30 dumplings , bring it on ! we tackled them with gusto , but it was still quite a challenge and we were stuffed by the time we finished lunch . in total , $ 13 lunch for 2 ! ! great food and a great price what more could you ask for =d .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my go to place for dumplings . 15 freshly made dumplings right in front of the place for 4.99 is a deal . the place is small and you would often find a line up at peak hours . we were seated sharing another table . we were starving so we did n't really care but it can get uncomfortable specially when you have to share the side sauces . ordered pork and leek dumplings with the green onion pancake , garlic vegetables and pork bone stew . got ta have the pancake along with you dumplings . dumplings were nice and juicy . you have to be careful though as they do come out streaming . have burned my mouth a couple of times before . the dumplings and pancake were on point as always . the veggies were good too but the pork bone was not much to be desired . it was a little tough and taste was too rich and fatty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a small little restaurant that has some of the best dumplings around ! the dumplings are all made fresh in house and are amazing ! the pan fried dumplings are the best , as they are just crispy enough on the outside , but still perfectly juicy soupy on the inside . service is pretty good , though servers do n't really know much english . they do try and he menu has english , so its not too much trouble ! the best place if your looking for good dumplings ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bf and i always love coming here ! theyre always packed but the wait is never crazy . nothing fancy in regards to the look of the restaurant but everything is delicious and homemade . hot and sour soup , yum check tomato lamb hot pot , yum check soup filled dumplings , yum check pan fried dumplings , yum check we havent gotten a bad dish and doubt we ever will ! theyre quick , delicious and fairly priced ! i like that theyre open late too : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had ordered 30 dumplings that took approximately 30 minutes to arrive . considering they were fresh , it was a reasonable amount of time to wait . dumplings however were just alright . $ 5.99 for 15 was a very price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i were in the pmall area and we were hungry for some dumplings and we stumbled upon chinese dumpling house , the restaurant is pretty small and cozy , the service was great . the food however was a hit and miss .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food : good value for price . lots of variety . dumplings are freshly made to order , but ultimately nothing special imo . steamed and fried varieties available ( i only tried the steamed ) . personally i am also not really a fan of the chinese-style dumpling wrap , which tends to be a bit on the thicker side . green onion pancakes are unique and quite good . i also like the shredded potato ( appetizer ) . service : spotty at best , but it gets the job done . could be a challenge for non-chinese speakers ( they did have both cantonese and mandarin-speaking servers when i was there ) . you just order everything by ticking off a paper menu anyways , so server interaction is minimal . space : very limited , tight seating . come during a busy night ( e.g . weekends ) and you 'll most likely have to wait 30 minutes for a table .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was pretty packed when i went here , on easter sunday around 1pm . a few people were sharing tables , myself included , which was okay with me as i was starving . the restuarant is relatively small . i ordered steamed dumplings ( i would recommend ) , pan fried dumplings ( were okay , but i 've had better elsewhere ) , fried green onion pancake ( would recommend but i might be bias since its a dish i like almost anywhere ) and braised beef noodle soup ( it was okay , i would n't order again ) . the service was excellent . i believe the man there was the owner as he walked around asking how everyones food was , he even helped a table adjust their dishes after it was already placed down by another worker so that the dishes were more easily reachable for all the guests at that table .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great dumpling house that 's good for young crowds or for family . prices are super-slightly more expensive than regular dumplings restaurants . service is speedy . table space is good . decor is not the highlight here but rather the variety of awesome asian cuisine . my dish recommendation : lamb dumplings . nice starter meal and comes in crowd-quantity .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant also has a location on creditview in mississauga . same menu but the difference is that you do n't get to see the dumplings being prepared . on the negative side , there are too many tables for the size of this restaurant . choices are steamed or fried dumplings as well as a few soups and noodle dishes . overall , i much preferred the fried dumplings- a little more flavour than the steamed ones . a regular size hot and sour soup provided me with 2 full bowls and another 3 for takeout . service was efficient but not exactly friendly- perhaps a language barrier issue as a few of he servers seemed to have a limited knowledge of english , but then again my mandarin is non existent ! would i go back ? most likely , but my first choice for lunch remains traditional cantonese dim sum so this will remain a secondary option .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the beef dumpling is a must try , juicy and tasty . it is made right at their counter , very fresh , but need a little time to wait for it 's ready . other dishes also good with very reasonable price . but this restaurant is really small with lots of small tables , it even hard to put all the dishes on the table because of the table size . service is average , not expecting to much any way . all in all , a good choice for a casual dinning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go here at least once a week . you have to order the crispy sweet and sour pork . i know i know but trust me on this . all the dumplings are made fresh to order and really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very fresh dumplings . we usually order the steam dumplings , beef hotpot , onion roll cake , and fried dumplings . i notice they raised $ 1 to all the dishes , but it is very reasonable price for the quality of food they offer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not the greatest variety for us who do n't eat pork and would have liked more vegetarian alternatives but you ca n't beat the prices !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came for lunch today , some things are not as good as usual . the hot and sour soup was too salty , sour but not spicy enough . the minced pork and bean paste noodle was too salty too . even when mixed with the plain noodle and cucumbers , it was too salty . the pan fried dumplings and chinese chive pancakes were both good . the best dish was the beef shank pancake dish . it 's great how you assemble the pancakes yourself , adding your own prefered amount of beef , green onion and hoi sin sauce . nice place to go but if you have high blood pressure , i would n't bother .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place does n't taste as good as i remembered it to be . i ordered the steamed chives pork dumpling . i remember the dumpling skin to be slightly thinner ( not as thick ) and more meat inside . but then again , ca n't complain , it was $ 6 for 15 dumplings . the pan fried dumplings were still really good thought . greasy , but pan seared really nicely that the dumpling skin was nice and crispy . i also tried their ja jang mian ( minced pork noodles in peking sauce ) - at first i thought they did n't give enough sauce so i asked for more , but actually after adding more it tasted a bit too salty . i remember the sauce supposedly to be more sweet than salty . it 's a nice quick lunch spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this location has good food and okay service . however , it does n't accept credit cards . this information should have been disclosed to us prior to entering the restaurant . i would recommend this place for its food , but please remember they do not accept credit cards .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was my first time there , i went there around 2pm yesterday and i ordered braised beef noodle soup , pan fried pork dumpling $ 4.99 6pcs and steamed pork and leek dumplings $ 5.99 15pcs . the waiting time was n't too long because food came fairly quick . steamed and fried dumplings were juicy and tasty . they were reasonable price , food size , tasting all great in here . i sure i will come again ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place is small and they are trying to jam as many people in as possible , so you can barely move , feels like the seating on a budget airline . food was average , nothing overwhelming . the servers were nice and friendly , but the owner does n't seem to like smiling . do n't understand the hype .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great dumplings . some other dishes we tried were mediocre . the thing with chinese places is that they have a million items on their menu . the usual case is that the chefs can make some things really good , and will occasionally screw up on others . that 's the case with us . i ca n't recall what the dish names were . they were n't terrible , just not memorable . edible for sure . stick with their dumplings and you wo n't be disappointed . there 's nothing really memorable about anything here . prices are very reasonable . i would n't mind coming again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the dumplings and sauteed soy bean sprouts in garlic are amazing at this place . they are almost always busy . their prices are very good . the restaurant is very cramped and tiny though . i feel sorry for the two ladies who stand at the front of the restaurant making dumplings all day . the owners should get them rubber mats to stand on to lessen the shock on their feet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ate here this evening . very hard to find parking and when we got to the restaurant it was busy , we had to wait a few minute to get seats.. the place is small but the food was good , we ordered shrimp fried rice , wonton and shrimp pork dumplings . i would say i enjoyed the fried rice better than anything else , over all everything was good but i have had better dumplings . the prices are cheap and the food is just good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been here about 7 times , overall the price and food are decent . my reason for 3 stars is because the service and cleanliness have forgotten worst . the lady making the dumplings kept coughing without covering her mouth into the ingredients while checking her phone ! ! ! took more than 30 minutes on a quiet evening for my take out because they forgot an item . did not apologize or admit their mistake .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a gem of a place . very homey with a family restaurant feel . you can watch the staff make the dumplings . the service is a bit meh but the food and prices make up for it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always delicious and reliable cheap eats ! i love dumplings , pot stickers and pancake wrapped with green onions and sliced beef shank . wait time depends on the time of day , but generally there 's a lineup . it 's a very small restaurant so the table ca n't hold all the food you order . be sure to eat quick !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is a hidden gem in metro square . at first , you would think this restaurant is sketch by looking at it 's exterior sign but do not let that fool you ! this place actually has really good food and the food is so cheap ! went with a group of 6 people and ordered more than 90 dumplings and a couple of other dishes and the bill was just at $ 60 . that 's unbelievable . highly recommended . probably the best place for dumplings northern chinese food in markham . however , you should come either earlier or later as this place gets crowded at the door easily . restaurant is not big either so waiting times can be long . this is another asian establishment that only accepts cash so remember to bring cash !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got the green onion pancake and whole bunch of dumplings . would recommend the pancake , lamb dumplings and deep fried dumplings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my go to dumpling house . love the dumplings here , the green onion pancake , jellyfish appetizer , hot and soup soup is full of ingredients they do n't skimp out ! pea sprout dish is refreshing and tried the sweet and sour fish for the first time and it is a must try ! the fish is lightly battered and still crispy even with sauce on top ! will return regularly !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "price , food size , tasting all great in here . this restaurant is my top favourite list for the past 5 years ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good chinese dumplings and related foods . small location . anything on menu is good . glad they have photos of items . i like their dumplings and pancakes . also good is hot n sour soup .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is average and cheap . similar to other dumpling restaurants . however , if you do n't speak mandarin , prepare to be ignored . ca n't really enjoy the food with such atrocious service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had dumplings here a while ago when i visited toronto a few years ago ... they have very authentic dongbei dumplings . very affordable and the staff is great . if you wan na grab a bite with friends and family , i will recommend to eat here . today i am back here again and order a takeout ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've avoided yelping this place for a reason ; that reason is that it sucks just as badly as their other location in the hilton village . the food is horrible , the diners are mostly douches and although this location features less popped collars than the one in sdl i can not figure out for the life of me why certain people and bloggers can claim this as some of the best pizza in the valley . sub-par food , service and experience in both locations .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "luckily we had a groupon otherwise i would have been even more disappointed . if you say the chicken you 're putting on the pizza is grilled then grill it for gosh sakes . do n't give me some freezer burned , dirty tasting shredded chicken with dab of pesto sauce on it . yuck . my partner had the spaghetti and meatballs which was okay , but came with one lonely slice of bread . ca n't they splurge and be a little more generous with the bread ? especially for almost $ 40 bucks . for $ 36 plus tip you get a pizza , spaghetti and meatballs , an iced tea and one glass of wine . the safeway store brand frozen pizza is better than this . why i came here twice is beyond me . never , ever again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really wanted to give them a better rating because they have great toppings . service was great , cute little restaurant , beer flights and wine flights , but the pizza dough was just ok. was n't expecting the dough to be so `` doughy '' . i was looking for that crisp dough you get at a wood fire oven place . i 've been searching long and hard for that pizza place with an egg pizza to remind me of the pizza 's i had in italy . just have to say great toppings , but work on the dough .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went there twice last week with friends who were visiting from out of town . the first time we went for lunch and enjoyed their lunch specials . i had the chopped salad with the prosciutto and pear pizza . it was amazing . my friends tried the veggie salad and the blt pizza ( she subbed arugula for lettuce ) . everyone was raving about their meals . a few days later i came back for dinner . we shared a couple bottles of wine and again had the chopped salad and veggie salad , this time with chicken added . we ordered the tempura stringbeans for an appetizer and enjoyed every bite ! for dessert we indulged in the warm chocolate chip cookie with ice cream . it was decadent . service was friendly and attentive . we 'll be back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "truth be told , great happy hour . very strong drinks , we all know i 'm a fan of that : ) i just had to try the lemoncello margarita , i mean come on ... awesome idea ! i loved it . it was hard to find parking close to the place though . something nearby must be really popular , because it was packed . i was nervous there would n't be enough room for my group , but surprisingly there was ... plenty . recommendations : lemoncello margarita , and the tempura green beans !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had seen groupons for this place but none of my friends i asked had tried it so i got the opportunity to go tonight . this place had some really good pizza . i loved the rustic atmosphere . casual dining at it best . i also had tempura green beans in an aoli dipping sauce that was really good . it was a bit pricey was my only complaint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome pizza great lunch specials and happy hour ! and allows dogs on the patio which is a plus for me ! love dog friendly places . will return again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i are regulars here so we know the staff . they 're always friendly and we always get great service . if we do n't like something we are never charged for it . we always sit at the bar , so jason usually takes care of us . he is always friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so hopeful of this place being awesome and then i just got disappointed that it was just an average pizza joint . i had the antipasto plate and then the egg pizza . both items were just average and that 's all i can say about the place as a whole just average . now i would go back for a happy hour because they had some great deals but if i 'm craving pizza i will head to one of my fav 's instead .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "to be honest this should probably be a two star . however after sitting there for 20 minutes at a table with my three-year-old not having even been brought a water i am furious . i have been to this location several times every time i have had terrible service this time however was the worst . after sitting there for so long and my child asking for water i decided it was time to leave . because of my hungry and thirsty child i did not have time to speak with a manager hopefully one reviews these comments . i love the pizza at humble pie but i will not be going back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "humble pie is delicious ! every time we go we try a different pizza , and it 's always fresh and crispy ! of course my favorite is the margharita pizza , always a go to and always a great taste ! i always get a half veggie salad , which is so crisp and refreshing and light ! the dressing is delicious and is similar to a house italian dressing . we also had the injectable donut holes for dessert ( because why not ! ) and they were so yummy ! i recommend the berry and the creme and mixing them in the holes ! ! ! ! ! the bruschetta is really yummy with fresh basil , tomato and mozzarella . always a go to as well . i also highly recommend the sangria , which is absolutely delectable and i can literally never get enough ! ! the atmosphere is laid back , and just great service every time ! the entire staff is great and has great customer service , we always have a great waiter waitress ! when we was pizza , this is where we go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! pizzas are really great . my favorite is the sausage and fennel . good service and really friendly bartenders . really cool open air atmosphere . parking can be a struggle but once you are inside you are good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went right when they opened . the lunch special was good , had the strawberry gorgonzola salad and meat lovers pizza.. sausage on the pie was kind of meal-y.. they should change it . salad was excellent . the star was the pretzel appetizer.. good size , smoky from the wood oven , but the spicy sweet mustard was awesome ! just enough horseradish ta clear ya out . service was very good . pizza was average . i 'd go again , but order something without the sausage .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just not impressed , this is not our first visit to humble pie , parking is easy , service was more than just standard , food portions are a little on the small size , for $ 12 the burger should be more than quarter inch thick , pizza is better than most places , i think most of their business is in carryout . ok place for a family meal , but you do n't really get your monies worth .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've had a good experience here , but my recent visit will be my last . we wanted a wood fired pizza so went to the humble pie across from desert ridge . our waiter was nice , but clearly not detail oriented . forgot our salad , did n't instruct the kitchen to cook my order the way i requested , and generally did n't take care of the basic service expectation . the pepperoni sausage pizza was just ok , soggy and too thin in the center , but the crust was delicious . wings , which were described as buffalo wings by our waiter , were definitely not buffalo wings ; even my home recipe is better . overall i think we had an unskilled waiter who was poorly trained . suggestion : if you dine here and order pizza , ask for the pizza to be cooked well done .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the egg pizza might be the most delicious pizza ever ! ! love this place , staff is awesome , food is great and the atmosphere is cool and feels very neighborhood-y instead of chain restaurant generic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an excellent brick oven pizza . the `` side '' salad is huge with a wonderful caesar dressing to it . there were a lot of staff - seemingly too many ... i 'd go back , but not necessarily go out of my way to go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and i come here probably 2-3 x a month . great fire baked pizza made in the back of the restaurant . if its chilly - sit by the oven in the back . the only reason i 'm giving it 4 stars not 5 is the low def tv 's - come on , pay the extra $ 10 month and give me my hd ! ! nice outdoor patio too . one other huge plus - 4 peaks hop knot on draft in an iced glass ! yay !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm so lucky that i work across from desert ridge . the pizza selection is the best ; their sirloin chicken chili is the best as is their salads ( i 'm not a big salad eater ) . great bar service and daily specials .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really disappointed in our pizza . we ordered take out tonight - one pepperoni and one margherita . the total was almost 30 dollars and the pizza 's were extremely small , and the pepperoni pizza did not have any cheese on it . we would have been better off going to grimaldi 's - they are a bit pricier but at least you get what you pay for ! never going back here ... which is a shame because it 's a great location !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the barbeque pizza was phenomenal and the hummus is very delicious . first timers , but we just moved here so we 're very excited to come back for happy hour and date night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lunch express special is perfect for lunch and reasonably priced . the chopped salad is superb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give this a 3.5 . i would expect the pizza to be a lot better just because it is a pie place . it was good but i 've had a lot better . the thing this has is great ambiance . i love how low the lighting is . dark tables that are turned perfectly so you do n't feel like you are apart of other people 's dinners . great fire from the oven and open area bar . had a good solid wine . we got the cheese board which was good . we both got pizza but like i said it was good just nothing special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they have the best shrimp pizza . the food is amazing and the atmosphere is great . the service is always great and if you need a gluten free pizza they can deliver . never disappointed anytime i take the family for a lunch or dinner . i highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , my long overdue update to my humble review has arrived . i must say that i was much more pleased in all ways with my return visit . the food was better , the service pleasant and all in all i think i will be returning again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the environment here . nice , mellow and a good place to relax on a date night . the garnished fries are the reason my wife and i keep coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had great pizza at this place and enjoy the variety of options . quick service . a little on the loud side with not a lot of options for private conversation . but otherwise , overall a great experience . decent prices on their beverages and a good selection . thought the portions were reasonable and i will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is far from humble . the chopped salad is wonderful and that has certainly been confirmed by other reviews . my wife thinks they use a little to much salad dressing but the food man likes his salad wet . one thumb up and one thumb down . next time we 'll get the salad dressing on the side . their pizza is 12 '' and a nice size for splitting . margarita pizza tasty and not too spicy . all and all for $ 29 bucks including tip a pretty good deal . the food man usually hits this place when staying at the marriott so i 've eaten there a few times and never been disappointed . give it a try you 'll like it . the food man did . : ) chow for now", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and service . we have been to all of their locations in az and we love the chicken parm pizza . a must try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thursday nights is date night : 1 app , 2 sm salads , 1 pizza for $ 20 . it was a great deal . the app we ordered was the calamari and it was good with the pesto sauce . i ordered the veggie salad which had green beans , cheese and a lite vinegar dressing . loved it ! the pizza was a thin crust and we got the sausage . will go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried the strawberry gorgonzola salad here . quite sweet as warned by the waitress . candied pecans were good , but it was a little overdoused in champagne vinaigrette . the outdoor patio was pleasant as was the service and bathrooms . food was just ok in my book though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst service ever ! ! ! ! been here ten minutes . waitress still has n't come back . we did get drinks right away , however one was milk when we asked for root beer . waited the ten minutes for her to come back . took our order and the drink to replace but stopped by her friends table to chat for a minute before she finished . she came back once more throughout the dinner . each time we got food it was from someone else and she did n't even stop to check on us . we ordered the date night special with an app , salads , and pizza . the kids got their dinner pizzas when we got our appetizer 20 minutes in ! and it was fries ! ! ten min later got salads and another ten or so we got the pizza . kids were just about done at that point . ridiculous ! ! food was good but service was horrible !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "second visit and we ordered takeout . got home to find the pizza was wrong . starving after a 10k race , i called to let the manager know . he was extremely courteous and had the pizza remade and credited to my card . when i arrived , he greeted me at the door w an additional apology and invitation to return for a complimentary pie . what great customer service ! the pizza , breadsticks and arugula salad were all delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite pizza place ! this is our go-to spot for my `` cheat meal '' as i eat an entire pizza by myself . i keep it simple , pepperoni and crispy onions . the crust is absolutely delicious , the sauce is perfect , and there are a lot of toppings to choose from . price wise it can be a little expensive if you consume whole pizzas like myself , but if you appreciate quality taste , it is factor you can look past . jason , the bartender is an amazing part of this location , his service is the reason we drive to this location rather than the others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a favorite spot to grab a yummy pizza ! the pizzas are great and so is the service . the strawberry gorgonzola salad is delicious and you ca n't resist their pizza cookie hot out of the oven !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had lunch there are on the balcony at the bar . were originally sitting at a table requested a move as it was rather warm there were no misters or fans operating wanted a salad but could not find a salad that had some protein . ended up with cup of soup and half salad express lunch . both were very average . my friend had the salad and pizza option . her salad was very sad looking but the pizza looked and smelt great servers were nice and friendly . the pizza looked great think it is a better pizza place than a quick lunch salad place", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what i dislike about this place is the doctors , in hopes of making more money , keep asking you to come back . my mother was told to try something and come back and when she did , she was told to try something else and come back . it makes you feel like you are part of some trial and error project . also , when i stated that i had more than one issue - the doctor said `` the place is so busy , i can only take one issue at a time . you will have to come back for that issue . '' to my amazement there was one whole patient sitting out in the waiting area . i want to be grateful for our healthcare system , i really do ... ..but experiences like this just make me wonder about the ethics of doctors . ( hippocrates is probably turning in his grave )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dragged my sick ass out of bed to get here because their website said it was open from 9-5 , but when i got there some guy ( reception ? ? ) said `` the doctor takes her last patient at 4:30 '' and that it was on the website . since it clearly was n't on the website when i looked at it before i left the house ( note : i live 10 min away ) , i pulled it up again and there was a little note saying `` doctor has taken her last patient for the day '' . wtf ? ? i asked him if he thought it was reasonable that i would continue checking their website while riding my bike there and he just stared at me blankly . i mentioned if they state they are open till 5 , they should be open till 5 and not close when they feel like it . needless to say i did not get treated .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "called helpline to ask if they did employment tb tests . confirmed they did at a cost and that this location would do it . went down and spent hour waiting . this was after being made pay upfront by receptionist ( actually never introduced herself- confusing as she went around in white coat ) . finally seen by doctor who started to prepare . then informed they did n't have them . second time i 've tried this and last . i had informed receptionist and paid for the shot and then they let me wait without checking they had in date ones . she was aware i needed it urgently , and it meant delaying job by a day as it was too late by the time they told me this to go anywhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried this for the first time at the made in the shade beer festival . was great then and just as good at the bar itself . pretty cool location with a few tvs , friendly bartenders , and quick service . awesome pizza place right behind it too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i struggle with this place ... there are tvs but nothing on , there is great beer at 6 bucks a beer for all beers ( could be a bit lower but not a terrible price ) but they wo n't give you a discount for bringing your own growler and it 's only beer , it is a great atmostphere but it 's way too small ... the pizza place next door is cool that there is a food option but it 's way overpriced and limited ( their menu has like 5 items on it- two $ 11-12 mod sized pizzas ) and there are no other food really ( the plant-based place way in the back was n't open at night when i went ) . having said all this , i will walk back bc it 's close to my house ... i just hope it is n't over-crowded again bc this ruins it ... overall they need a bigger space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by after playing top golf , as it was just around the corner . there was a small group of us ( 5 ) and we all tasted different beers . i had the k-lax ipa and i must say it was pretty nice . other beers that flowed were the 'suh dude , chill-lax with cherries , mijo ( which got the thumbs down from us all - not a flavorful beer - just was missing something ) , blap ! blap ! and another i ca n't remember . overall , this is a great place to stop by have a different experience . the beers are good , the waitresses are really nice and i wish the pizza place opposite ( in the communal area ) was open beyond 10pm.. pizza and beer is always a good mix..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great neighborhood brewery with friendly staff and owners . i work in the same building and have never had anything but an awesome experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a coworker and i decided to have cheba hut delivered to work for lunch . i ordered the white widow ( ranch , chicken , cheese , bacon , mushrooms , herb bread ) and they ordered a panama red ( chicken , marinara sauce , cheese , garlic herb bread ) . the employees were friendly which i appreciate ! the delivery was very fast also and kudos to the young man who found the correct building and entrance because there are multiple in my area . the sandwiches were still warm and i still have half my sandwich left over for dinner . they also included two free fountain drinks for the next time either of us plan to stop by any of the cheba hut locations . discounts make me smile . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my top-five places to eat in town ( i know , i 'm a cheap date ) . their toasted subs are fresh , fast and amazingly good . what is it that makes this place so delicious ? i dunno , it just is . mention cheba hut to any one who has tasted it before and watch their eyes light up . it 's just that good . several premium choices for vegetarians . my weapon of choice 'the humbolt ' ( hold the onions ) . try the thick , fudgy 'hemp ' brownies for dessert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe that i forgot about this hole in the wall that was my weekly lunch getaway when i worked down the street . since march , they 've expanded their space which is awesome . now i feel comfy sitting down to enjoy my sammie without someone breathing on me . they are vegetarian friendly , i love the griefo that has their hemp cream cheese and then i have them add hummus . put some guacamole on that sucker and i 've eaten the perfect veggie sandwich . i 'm definitely going to make it back here when i 'm slumming it in tempe next .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heyyy mannn , if you usually talk like how i 'm writin ' right now , and you , like , wan na spend your time hangin ' out and do n't mind waitin ' ... and waitin ... for your sammich , this is the place to be dudes . anyhoo , it took me 20 minutes for my sandwich to be made ! the bread is nicely toasted , the ingredients and sauce are plentiful , but the thai jerk sandwich tasted a bit strange to me ( probably related to the sauce ) , and was not worth the really long wait for lunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't know why people hype this place so much . the bread is usually stale . just because they blantently propagandize herb does n't make it good . subway is just as legit . plus it 's a bit dirty . what do you expect from an entirely baked work force . if you find yourself in the vicinity of cheba hut , go to the pasty .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i bought a group on here and stopped in a week ago to finally use it before it expired . i loved the atmosphere , it reminded me of my party days ! the sandwiches were very good and toasted , the bread was much better than what you find at any of the chains . the veggies were fresh and the meats were tasty . i was n't a fan of the brownies , they tasted like box mix . i 'm sure i 'll stop in for a sandwich again next time i 'm in the mood for a fresh made sub .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite sub places for sure . they have such an assortment of sandwiches , the subs are all toasted , and you can fix them up with whatever you want . way more options than subway . the food and meats are fresh . the food does n't even really compare to most sub shops . the only thing that sucks about this location is the seating . this place is really small , so it 's only good for you and a friend , unless you want to sit on the wall bar . i crave this place all the time though ... so i go there often , despite the seating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i still have no idea what a cheba is or where you find one . maybe in the garden of weeden . i tried this place for the first time the other day ~ had a chronic , their bar-b-cue sub and ya mon ! it was very ya mon ! i was sent to the garden of weeden by the scrumptious flavor of this sub . so i say long live the cheeba hut .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "holy shit , this place is heaven . the menu is a great size , the ingredients were fresh and delicious , the desserts were awesome . since this is a stoner themed place , the decor and names matched . it felt so cozy and friendly and down to earth there . i can not wait to come back here and get another sandwich . if you 're a local , you should visit and enjoy - even if you 're not a stoner , it is so worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved this place . i ca n't believe i had n't checked it out sooner . the concept is hilarious and the food is really good . i got the kind ( bacon , turkey , swiss , and mushrooms ) and it was delicious . the guys that worked there were really warm and friendly and joked with me . they even have kool-aid which i think is awesome . the sandwiches do n't need mustard or mayo ; the oregano and oil and vinegar give it enough flavor . this has easily become my favorite sandwich shop in the tempe area and i look forward to eating here again as soon as possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is mediocre ... .i would even venture out there ( no mans land ) to say this place is the equivalent to a poseur stoner . everybody knows that true potheads only eat order work at silvermine subs ( aka the goldmine ) . -this is by no means a paid advertisement for silver mine subs `` dig in at the mine '' sub shop & eatery `` we deliver til ' 3am on weeknights ! ! ! ''", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i think it 's fitting to name sandwiches after blunts . service is quick , decor is entertaining & food is filling . what more could you ask for ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to cheba hut too many times to count , and the sandwiches are always excellent , but i usually leave feeling annoyed at the slow service . my friend and i came here last night and got one 12 '' sandwich to share and were waiting for 25 minutes when we finally decided to ask what the deal was . it turns out that they had already made the sandwich , but they had forgotten the ticket ( ? ) , so it had been put aside without a second thought . they apologized and proceeded to make a replacement for us only to mess it up yet again . on the third try , they finally got it , but we spent 40+ minutes waiting and were not offered anything to make up for it besides the first messed up sandwich that would have been thrown away anyway . one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere . anyway , great sandwiches , but i do n't know if i 'll return to this location after the experience that i had !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm from virginia , and i visited phoenix , az a few months ago . my first trip after the airport was this cheba hut . i 'm not a big sub person , but i wish there were cheba huts in va near me so i could go every day . the service , the food , the atmosphere are all amazing . the service was polite and awesome , i felt like a wanted customer and the lady who took my order was very sweet . it takes a few more moments to get your sub here then say if you went to subway , but it 's way worth it . the sub i got was amazing , and the best food i had for my entire visit of phoenix . if you like great service , great food , and great atmosphere , you must , must , must , visit cheba hut . i only wish we had them in virginia , i would make it a regular hang out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who does n't love cheeba hut ? the white widow is my absolute favorite , on the garlic bread of course ! the munchies are a ca n't miss and the cool aid variety is one of a kind . expect a line after 11:45 weekdays but it is worth the wait . they have added a bar and offer some great booze and lunch bundle deals . staff is friendly and restrooms are clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you want your typical fast , mediocre sub sandwich then this is not the place . if you want the toasted sub of a life time , come here . every sub is unique ( not something you can get just anywhere ) . oh and the sandwiches come out perfect everytime because the staff does n't rush through putting them together . great atmosphere , great food . hands down awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a subshop and so much more ! i 've been going here for years and it 's consistently delicious and fulfilling . the service is friendly and the decor is rastafarian pothead paradise . it 's got a nice bar selection and some really delicious cookies . if i 'm in tempe and pretending to be younger than my age , this place always come to mind !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "is you a stoner ? you will probably think this place is cute than . if not , you will probably still think this joint is cute ( ha , get it ? ) . i always order the white widow ( chicken , ranch dressing ... ) and get a fruity pebbles krispy treat . i mean , where else can you get those ? ! freakin awesome . they have a little bar here now too . the employees are always friendly and the interior is super fun . all of the sandwiches are named with marijuana in mind . cheba hut will always be close to my heart lol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "between services and nearby . la cana loaded up has never done me wrong . still did n't disappoint even 10 years later . thank you again ! friendly staff and now has a bar inside", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i go in here i ca n't help but get the giggles due to the drug theme . it 's cute and i just ca n't help but envy the employees just a bit for having a laid back work environment . the sandwiches are great and i love that you get to customize them right before your glazed eyes . the only negative is that the dining area is so small . you have to basically stalk tables at certain points in the day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to come here about once a week for their amazing vegetarian sandwiches . my favorite is the griefo with pepper jack cheese , hemp cream cheese , guacamole , sprouts , lettuce , black olives , onions , mushrooms , cucumbers , and tomatoes . the hemp cream cheese is to die for seriously ! i also enjoy the humbolt , which is very similar , and the majic mushroom with sliced portabella mushrooms , teriyaki glaze , green bell peppers , pineapple and pepper jack cheese . the 8inch is soo big but makes a great and filling lunch . you ca n't beat the prices either . get the garlic herb bread , it is the best . the only thing i do not like about this place is that the whole `` marijuana '' theme can get old and annoying . this location can also get really really busy and the sandwiches take time to make . staff is usually pretty friendly and social though . one last thing is that if you eat there or have to wait for a while your clothes will smell like food :", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for toasted subs , do not , i repeat , do not go to quizno 's ! come to the cheeb instead , where your hummus gets toasty , your eggplant crispy , and your chicken salad stays nice and cool . some favorites ( besides the aforementioned ) include the pastrami , loaded with pepperoncinis , the meatball ( of course ) , and the mushroom . everyone is super-cool , and they do n't even bat an eyelash if you want marinara and mayo . thank you , cheba hut , for your acceptance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , such an awesome place to eat at . the bread is awesome , the subs are amazing and the goo balls ( peanut butter rice crispies ) are to die for . there 's a reason this is a stoner 's paradise . tip : get the spicy ranch , i do n't care what you put it on , get it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small chain sub shop with a weed theme . they toast the sandwiches , and boy , are they good . they have something for everyone-whether you want a plainer sub or a fancier one . i always get the five-o ( ham , salami , pepperoni , bacon , and proscuitto ) , although one day i must try other sandwiches . however , service is slow after you order . you also do n't get to see them assemble your sandwich , which is something i like . they have the best sandwiches , but i really wished it did n't take them +15 minutes to do that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered 4 sandwiches to go , all wrong orders.. $ 27.00+ for a bunch of crappy sandwiches . do not go to cheba hut ! ! you make subway look good !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love cheba hut . the food , the environment , the people , everything . these are the best subs ever . my friend and i frequent both the hardy and university location , and the southern and dobson location on a regular basis . we go too often to be honest ! the ingredients are fresh and i love the fact that every sub is freshly toasted . all of their locations are incredible but this one gets the fifth star . why ? because they serve draft beer ! the beers are priced very reasonably . something like $ 3 . thanks to the bar area you can get a cold one and meet some generally awesome people . this location is also insanely close to my house which is also a plus . stay cool cheba hut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go the this cheba hut all the time and have had great experiences every time ! i always get the kush or the meatball sub and they are always on point !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so ... dang ... good . the humbolt on garlic herb is ahhhhhmazing ( make sure you get a side of ranch ) and it goes down well with a tall cup of kool-aid . lunch time can be crazy and if you go in the afternoon , prepare for a lengthy wait . not cheap but not expensive and definitely the quintessential 'munchies ' food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "since moving to tempe , i 've struggled to find a favorite sandwich place now that i do n't have togo 's . cheba hut may just be the shop to take it 's place . if you 've never been , be warned that it definitely embraces the stoner sandwich identity ; you 'll find that everything in the shop references weed . some people might be turned off by that ( i 'm thinking this place probably is n't the number 1 sandwich shop for moms ) , but that 's not what cheba hut is about . there mission is to feed starving college students , and they do it exceptionally well . there are too many sandwich options to try , and that 's definitely not a bad thing . they are a little more expensive than your typical subway sandwiches , but they definitely come packed ; an 8-inch usually fills me up . why the 5 stars ? cheba hut has great food and kool aid in their drink machines . enough said .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a badass sandwich shop ! nowhere else i 've seen like cheba hut . their sandwiches are on point ... service is always friendly and fast , and the whole `` theme '' they 've got going on is definitely comforting for any state of mind . i 'm just hoping one day their herb bread actually has ... well ... i think you know where i 'm going with that ! orange widow is the best . get it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good and pretty cheap . when they wrapped the sandwich in tinfoil they tucked it inside of the sandwich ? everything came out upon unwrapping the sub but hey it all tasted good . also , koolaid and that 's awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super friendly employees ! super yummy subs ! tasty treats ! and they have koolaid ! try the skywalker or the kali mist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious sandwiches ! all sandwiches i 've tried have been good but my favorite is the midwest best add honey mustard . it 's a very interesting restaurant on the inside considering everything has to do with marijuana but the food is good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has a cool interior and has great food . i recommend their `` kali mist . '' prices are normal for a sub sandwich restaurant ... they have cereal bars at the front counter that are really good too ! i will be returning !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "baked or not , this place rocks ! awesome sandwiches , look-aid and delicious rice crispy treats , ca n't ask for much more than that", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheba cheba y'all ... this place has a great selection of subs and soups , plus the service is great . they always treat me like i 'm a friend that they 've known for years . my first time , and everyone i 've brought for their first time , received half off their bill . not sure if thats what they do for everyone or if its because i brought hot chickas in . there have been many occassions where i 've seen people come in baked and put unnecessary toppings on sandwiches . like mayo , mustard , lettuce -- the works , on a meatball sandwich -- which is funny and harmless , just be warned . they also have great desserts for people with the munchies . 4-20 is a big holiday here too and it 's funny to see people out of their minds demolishing food , plus you get free stuff !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best sandwich shop around , veggie friendly and unique menu.everything is good and fresh.the gooey balls are the best", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a trip . i think i had the northern lights tuna salad . cant really remember . it was good ... . mmmmmm i like the names and sizes of all the sandwiches . chill atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ask them to wear a hair net when they make your sandwich . i used to eat here a lot till i got hair in 3 sandwhich 's . two where on the same day . hell no will i go back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came back , service was on the ball and friendly , food was fast , and was what we ordered . tables and counters were way cleaner too though we did come much earlier this time . soda machine was still flat but did n't matter since we went right back up for kool-aid . win .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tonight we had a delicious meal . the subs were very full filling and worth the money . i love the fact they had kool-aid as a choice for drink.the staff was very friendly and helpful towards multiple guest and the food was prepared efficiently.the food tasted very fresh . definitely will be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you do n't have to be a pothead to like this place , i promise ! you just have to like really good sandwiches , which this place offers in spades . i am a big fun of the white widow - chicken , cheese , all kind of toppings , and ask for the special chipotle mayo . oh yeah . awesome lunch spot every day . no brownies included .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yeah the theme is pot , so your going to get a lot of stoners working and eating . but not everyone in their is baked . their specialty sandwiches are where its at and can be very tasty . i like to get the white widow , it is kind of heavy , but its filling , and make sure to get a goo ball ( rice crispy treat with peanut butter rolled into a ball ) . of course you do n't have to go for those , but i sometimes do . lately they have not been consistently good as they were two years ago , but i occasional stop in maybe once every 2-4 months for a sandwich . so it is kind of a hit or miss with me now . recommendation : this is not for kids or for people that do not like stoner culture , if your one of the latter of these people you will just leave pissed off that this establishment even exists .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here a few time and always friendly and more importantly good food . if the make you wait to long or mess something up , chances are you get a free cookie or another treat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we just placed an order for delivery over the phone and it was the best experience i 've had in a long time . sierra has stellar customer service ! ! i 've worked in the industry for years now and genuine service like sierra 's is hard to find . the food here is always awesome , were never disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheba hut . i think this place is okay . the pokalolo was my favorite sandwich . i have gone into this place many times , but always felt like something was either missing or needed to change . i do n't think i ever really picked up on what that thing was . i will say that there is a lot of people who love this place . i think it is a bit overrated and got tired of the whole weed theme behind it . i also felt slightly disgusted by some of the people who made my sandwiches there ( taking a shower is too mainstream for some of them ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been going here for , shit , 10 years ? i really want to love it ( pakalolo no swiss sub pepper jack ) but lately it 's been kinda pissin me off , for all the reasons mentioned by everyone else here . great subs , not so much meat on them , kinda pricey , ultra slow , thumbs up for having mtn dew on tap . oh , and not green sustainable at all ! ! tried to redeem about 5 punch cards totaling 10 punches for a free sammich but they would n't let me . they could have just reused the cards , giving the ones with one punch to the next customers instead of punching and wasting all new cards . hippies my ass . . . i will probably be going back , though not nearly as much .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "definitely a break from the usual subway or jimmy johns . they have an expansive sandwich menu and on top of it , they 're good . the bread is awesome , even when toasted . the only drawback was that it took a long time to get my order , but then again , it 's probably because i went at the height of lunch rush .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is totally wicked . ive been eating here for years and it only gets better . since renovating a while back , this awesome sandwich joint even has a small bar in the back and tons of seating . the staff are cool , sometimes a little slow but the food is always great . they even have kool aid fountains ! you wont find another place like it . unique toasty subs , dope atmosphere , and great kool aid !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so the apollo 13 was amazing . usually i get a white widow or red widow but the cashier recommended it and i have had it every day for the last week . i wake up with cravings for it . if you like greek salads you will love the apollo 13 . amazing . and the people are great here . best sub place ever", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food selections . food was very delicious . their service is great and the atmosphere is unbelievable . this place is our place of choice when wanting subs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently waiting for my sandwich . it 's onto minute 27 . staff is extraordinarily slow and have no idea what they 're doing . unsurprisingly , they 're probably high .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had this for the first time last night the `` dank '' with jalape\u00f1os was delicious . very nice staff as well . i do n't remember what the lady got but she enjoyed it . fairly priced i suppose . i would definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best sandwiches ! i wish i had pics but i 'm always too busy eating my sandwiches ! i started coming here because i heard a few people rave and now i even go out of my way to eat here . you do n't get shorted on sandwich meat or any other ingredients which is the best part . the staff is really friendly.. they even say hi while your waiting for your order . i 've been meaning to try their desserts because they look amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the food at cheba hut - i would recommend it to anyone . the problem is the rudeness of the staff there . they act like they are too busy or have better things to do than take your order . expect to wait a long time for your food . do n't go there if you are on your lunch break or in a hurry , because you are gon na have to wait . music is extremely loud . not a place you can go to have a business meeting to discuss business - not a good place for a date cause you ca n't talk to your date due to the loud music .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tasty sandwiches ... funny stoner theme ... not-so-funny stoner order accuracy . it 's a fun fix , but check your sandwich before you leave .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always had a good experience at this location . white widow is amazing ! but they started charging for sides of sauce now which is lame ! do n't forget to get a brownie ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy ! love the bread and the kali most is my favorite sandwich . the deserts are huge and taste great . this location even a has a bar . great place for good food and to grab a drink even when most the places near the college closed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sandwiches are always good quality and the place has a unique atmosphere . would not recommend delivery because it usually takes over an hour . it 's better just to call or order online and pick up . go for the food not so much the service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the griefo blunt with the hemp cream cheese on garlic bread was fn fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has some of the best sandwiches i 've ever had ! i tried the white widow and it was amazing ! i have been trying to find a place that actually `` spark '' my interest . this food was just what i was looking for . thank you for the bomb food i will be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although the people are great with customer , i believe the cheba hut on southern has better sandwiches .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fast , friendly , quality food and ahem ambiance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was casually going into by a pinner until i was falsely accused and humiliated by the manager without any evidence . he tried to frame me for a past event which involves stealing the blunt prop in the restaurant . i found his actions highly unprofessional and they were personal and did not need to be taken into the workplace . i do not know what ideas he had wrapped up in his head when he observed me but i was not happy with it and i do n't recommend anyone going to that store if you want to be served by some disrespectful ignorant low life of a manager .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered a bbq chicken blunt , which was delicious , and a cheesy bread via doordash . i attempted to unwrap the bread and the foil was glued to the middle of the bread . i attempted to peel it off , but it took all the delicious melted cheese with it , leaving some small pieces of foil behind on what little cheese remained on the bread , rendering it inedible . i 'm a huge fan of your sandwiches , cheba hut , but this was pretty disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best toasted subs ... ever . i order the white widdow and pretty much stick to that . it 's awesome . the cheesy garlic bread ... delish ! try it with pepper jack = ) this place is a regular for us when we want a good sandwich . hey ... even my mom loves this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tasty munchies at this spot ! pick your poison koolaide or beer with your toasted sandwich . white widow is one of my favs ... making me hungry now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gary was such a nice guy . came out same day and changed my front brakes . very professional and friendly . will definitely use him again and refer him to whom ever is looking for this service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came out the next day and completed the work very quickly . we also saved almost $ 200 using him vs dr. auto and he came to us : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just got my brakes done from gary and he 's great . great fast efficient service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this man is insanely smart . gary is fast , friendly , and super knowledgable about cars . beside my dad , he is the go to man when i or a friend have car issues . he 's saved me when i got a flat tire , when my friend needed his diesel fuel line re-primed , and when my battery died . gary does this right where your car broke down . he 's a chameleon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "l'assiette compl\u00e8te \u00e0 la carte est parfaite pour un brunch copieux . excellent service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent for lunch , nice view , food is delicious , price point affordable . not for vegetarians or vegans . meet lovers preferably .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good upscale-casual modern french food , deliciously prepared and artistically plated , with friendly service . three courses for lunch with many choices totalling around $ 20 makes it reasonable for the area . it 's in the museum : convenient if you 're visiting , but open to all . most of the view for the next year seems to be construction on the closest pier , but the setting is still nice inside & out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "l'arrivage has a gorgeous setting- lots of natural lighting . unlike our initial thoughts , you do n't actually have to pay museum admission to go to l'arrivage ( although we were planning to go anyways ) , and it is easily accessible from the elevator . while you 're at it , before after your meal , you can also go up to the third floor and take in a view of vieux port . my sister and i chose this based on a frommer 's book recommendation which said that options started at ca $ 12 . sure enough , they had express options of ca $ 12-13 that we ended up choosing , which still provided a soup , our choice of entree , and coffee or tea . my sister chose the sandwich option and i chose the salad option , both of which were very refreshing and tasty . our soup of the day was a gazpacho , which i thought was tasty but a little less smooth than expected . overall , great lunch option in a beautiful setting . solid 4 5 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was great , the view was great , the service was great . great first place to stop by in montreal for food . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like supporting goodwill with donation drop-offs and occasionally shopping in their stores . if you 're looking for clothes , this is one of the best locations in town to hit up , as it is the majority of their stock . this is also a larger location than many in town . however , like any good thrift store , it will be a treasure hunt : organization is not the strong suit here . that said , this location is not messy or dirty , just disorganized . women 's tops are not arranged by sleeve length , color , or size , so you 'll be sorting through a lot . shoe selection and accessories is large , with a jewelry case located at the front registers . the homegoods section is surprisingly well stocked and the garage-sale-quality outdated items have mostly been weeded out . there are also a number of new items ( in their packaging ) donated by local businesses , with low prices ( candles , as seen on tv products , school supplies , etc ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my mom used to be a manager of a goodwill in missouri . i have no problem with goodwill . i love thrift shopping ... but ... i actually found a turd in a handbag here . no joke . it scared me . so minus three stars for the turd . i mean , the turd aside , the store is a disorganized mess ... . but i kinda expect that . what i did n't expect was to find a turd in a nice handbag . worse still , it appeared to be a human turd of intimidating size . gross .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used to like this store but in recent years , the prices have gone up significantly ( the same shirt at savers would be half their price ) . this store gets target donations so items may be in a box , but it 's all banged up ( that 's just on the outside , so it 's cosmetic ) - but exercise caution , ask if you can inspect it before paying for it . since i prefer savers , i can say that the organization is not the greatest here . so , i really have n't gone here to shop anymore because the last few visits have been unsuccessful . i guess i would only go here if i was already in the area , but would n't make it a point to go there specifically .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is the largest goodwill i know of in the valley , and god help you if you show up on 99 cent mondays ( where you will face stiff competition against any and everyone there early ! ) still plenty of stock to look through and see !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my previous review was written over a year ago , and goodwill has shown some major improvements since then . in fact , i have now re-added goodwill back to my shopping radar , having purchased a vintage floral dress from the w. cheyenne location for a mere $ 3 . my favorite goodwill locations are the s. eastern and the sahara at torrey pines locations . the organization and merchandising has gotten so much better and i am now a fan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you like thrift shopping , this is a good place to head to . you 'll most likely always find something good , although it may take a fair amount of digging . the saver 's up the street has everything laid out in colour order - not so with this goodwill . it 's a free-for-all , every-man-for-himself type thing . sometimes you can find some good deals on new items from department stores that are sent there as surplus . they also run specials almost every day , so make sure you find out what special is going on . the wall in the back of 'gifts ' and miscellany is absolutely hilarious . just go check it out , you 'll see what i mean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was organized and not cluttered the staff was not very adept at the cash register computer system however they were kind and considerate . i will shop there again", "score": "3"}
{"review": "apparently they would rather have a manager stand by the door and stop people from coming in before closing then speeding up the checkout lines .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped by this location on a quick lunch break . this store is huge and the racks and shelves were crammed with stuff so my half hour of browsing did n't do it justice . i did walk out with two tom jones lps for .49 cents each - a bargain for some good tojo ! i 'd really like to visit again when i have more time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "glad they opened an employment center . i usually go here as i live close , but have now bought 5 electrical items over a year in which i have had to return . two were fire hazards , three broke within 3 days or found out the broken accessory when i needed to use it . and the return policy only benefits them . no refunds . at all . store credit only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i give them a 4 . 1 . ) there 's no return policy really . only for electronics ! got 1 bad thing that did n't work and could n't return it . not to happy about that . 2 . ) as clean as most theft stores other then that it 's not a bad store . i found some really good stuff there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i highly recommend carlos munoz and his team . this office is very professional and provides excellent customer service . carlos is always very detailed and explains all policy 's clearly , carlos and his team are always ready to help and i recommend them for any insurance needs . thank you carlos", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks marina for getting me the best deal ever . your the best . i highly recommend working with this agent . i always send her referrals and she takes care of every single one of them to the best of her ability and great professionalism . i 'm insured and so should you be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend carlos and his team for all your insurance needs . they are very professional and gives the best outstanding service . i 've been with state farm for eight years and let me tell you carlos has been great . from home , auto , to now motorcycle they find you the best quote in town . please drop by or at least give them a call and see what they can offer you . thank you carlos and your team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've eaten here twice now and it 's awesome ! ! ! we had the same waitress both times and she is such a sweetheart . she 's honest about her recommendations and will gladly let you know what something unfamiliar is called . the only bummer part is that they are closed on mondays . you get a lot of food for what you pay for and it 's super yummy . i recommend the mussels appetizer and stir fried seafood plate . our second time her we ordered calamari and the jalea platter that serves 2 . good lord that was a lot of food . the platter easily feeds 2-3 ( so it was overkill with the calamari ) . : ) yum yum ! ! ! if you 're dining for 2 expect you bill to be anywhere from $ 20-40 bucks depending on what you order .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food fraud alert : prices are too high and the food is mediocre . we heard the waiter tell a customer that they were out of the rotisserie chicken , and when we left after being disgusted by the cheap beef they used for the lomo saltado , the long wait for our order to be taken , for the food to come out ( aguadito and lomo saltado ) and waiting forever for the bill , we saw the head chef walking back from safeway with 6 bags of the rotisserie chicken ! people are paying almost $ 20 for a $ 5 whole chicken from the safeway next door ! ! ! who knows what else they are buying ready to eat and calling it authentic peruvian food ! please , do n't waste your money here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was n't even busy , but for some reason or another , we had to wait for 20 minutes before water was served then another 15 minutes for our order to be taken , the shrimp pasta dinner was good , but the potato appetizer was like runny warm potato salad . in summary , the service was horrible and the food was mediocre . my friends and i wo n't be dining there ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! this place is scrumptilicious ! ! ! food : just amazing . i had the cau cau and my sister had the lomo saltado . mine was delicious , but the lomo was incredible . i kept eating the peruvian peanuts they bring out as snacks . scene : we went around 3 so the lunch rush was over , so there were n't that many people . it 's a cozy spacious place , large enough for a big party for sure . they had two football soccer games going on . peeps : the waiter was super nice and definitely welcoming . i have to go back and eat some more . nom nom nom .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a big fat thumb 's up for contigo peru ! everything was delish-i ordered off of the appetizer menu . causa-not what i expected but tasty . actually , it was just as described now that i think about it . chicken salad between two rounds of mashed potatoes . he got pollo saltado and downed it so fast , i did n't even see it . ( we took it to go ) . we were hoping to try the rotisserie chicken but went on a tuesday instead of saturday or sunday . will definitely be back to try other items . i believe it was the owner who was so nice , especially when we told her it was our first time in . she offered us some of the purple corn drink-yummy-and made a point to describe what other patrons were ordering . oh yes , she gave us sauces to go with our dinner-i really wish i remembered what they were called . spicy enough without making my eyes water , and very flavorful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great restaurant ! we tried numerous dishes and everything was excellent . the causa was very good but it is a very filling appetizer . my girlfriend ate a small amount and i ended up eating the rest . that made it hard to finish my whole meal . but i managed . we shared the picante de mariscos and the picante de camarones y conchas . they are similar dishes but both had it 's own unique taste . both meals were wonderful and all of the seafood seemed very fresh . i think i 'm going for the chaufa next time and i ca n't wait !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how sad ! we love this place and they closed yesterday the 28th . this was the best of the peruvian restaurants in the valley since i started trying them in 2002 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i visited contigo peru and was greeted warmly and promptly . my guest and i received a sample of chica morada which is a purple corn drink native to peru . it was quite refreshing and i was immediately sold . because i was overwhelmed by the menu and its offerings , i was assisted by the waiter that recommended a few dishes ; i ordered pescado contigo peru , fish fillet topped with shrimp and scallops on a pisco & aji sauce , which was quite tasty . overall , i would be back again for the wonderful atmosphere and customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for a saturday dinner with my friend billy in april . the nice male waiter did bring us each a sample of the 2 homemade juices and a dried corn offering ame along the rolls with butter and peruvian salsa . i had the yellow passion fruit and he had the purple corn drink . i would get a full size next time instead of a soda for my beverage . my entree for the visit was the lomo saltado . the steak strips were good but not great . will come again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love these kind of places . very small , less than a dozen tables . the staff knows anything and everything about the food ( cuz usually it runs in the family ) . first you get this amazing salsa made of cilantro and this herb similar to mint . amazing . the service was great and the food came out fast . maybe a little too fast . for desert , the cookie sounded great , but it really was n't . we did n't see a price , but i am sure it was cheap . it is a very small butter cookie with caramel in the middle . not that good . next time , a different desert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to this place not expecting much..i had read some reviews and not i am glad i stopped by . my best friend from california was visiting and he wanted something good to eat . let me tell you i was not disappointed . portions were just right and sooooo much flavor ... ... service was great , even though there was a large party .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good food and the service was excellent . the peruvian beer was really good as well and the waiter talked us into a margarita style drink i do n't remember what it was called but it was really tasty and packed a punch , he said it was made from a peruvian brandi but it was sour like a margarita . yummy all the way around , if i could give more than 5 stars i would ! this place is going to be a regular stop for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here with a groupon , and the one thing i can say was amazing was the customer service . our server was friendly , and eager for us to try some things we had n't tried before . if she had n't brought out the sample drinks , i probably would n't have ordered one - but i 'm glad i did . i really ca n't say enough about how nicely we were treated here . as for the food , it was good - not amazing , but very good . i had the arroz con mariscos ( basically peruvian paella ) , and it was a large portion , lots of seafood - but the rice was a little mushy , not that memorable . my wife had a fish , and also thought it was good , not great . i 'd like to try this place again - i 'll try something different , and i 'm sure it will be a decent meal . one thing is for certain - contigu peru values their customers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food on a scale of 1 to 10 was a 4. small portions for the price , place was clean and neat but in a low budget strip mall . . service was good and helpful i would give it a 6 ... over all rating for me would be a 4.. just to pricey for a low budget place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great authentic peruvian food ! ! i tried the pescado macho which was great . the service was great . although its in a old shopping center building it was very clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delightful place ! great staff and the food was a treat . what a nice break from everyday fare . loved the chicken soup , the stir-fry beef ( nice ! ) and the desserts were fun . i will recommend this place to my friends and family .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so we walked in , there was no one there ! i wondered based off review why no one was there , but i love peruvian food , so didnt care . my wife had never had peruvian . she ordered the lomo saltado and loved it . i had the contigo de mariscos . both were awesome . i recommend definitely . the staff was very friendly . the service perfect . we also got pisco sours which were great ! highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "consistently delicious peruvian food . three visits here and it 's always good . i think it 's tough to do peruvian food well , and contigo peru does .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my first time here , chose `` picante de marisco '' which is a spicy seafood combination peruvian style dish , it was really delicious and i would totally come back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the location is not perfect and the flourescent lights were a bit weird for a nice place to eat . but hands down some of the best cooked sea food i have had on a long time . the owners are very nice . given the portions and the quality of food you ca n't complain . i will definately be a returning customer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just tried this place because we bought a groupon and we really liked it . their ceviche is excellent . i had cau cau and it was great . my wife had the pescado contigo peru dish and it was excellent . the waiter was great and the owners were fun to chat with as well . fair prices and interesting peruvian drinks of all types . highly recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you like peruvian cuisine , then this little gem is one you will have to try . the ceviche was very good with the seafood very fresh . the little popcorn and dipping sacues that were provided as accompaniement were wonderfule . the pisco sour is as good as i have every had . this is a lima , peru cuisine , so if you are expecting something that is not from lima , then you may be disappointed . however , the food was wonderfule in all respects . i will go back , hopefully many times as this was one nice surprise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are two peruvian dishes i usually eat ... and if they are not good , then you can assume the restraunt will follow . lomo saltado and ceviche de pescado ... the hallmark of any peruvian restaurant to be judged by . fortunately , this restraunt hits the mark on both plates , i feel a little guilty because i usually frequent the other peruvian restraunt in mesa ... rincon peruano . contigo peru is only 6 minutes from my house while rincon peruano is about 20 minutes away ... with both plates almost indistinguishable , i would have to say contigo peru has to slight edge over rincon peruano ... .besides , it 's super close to my house ! ! is it comperalbe to what i ate in peru ? very much so . i will be back for more at least every pay check ! ! ! i will not tell my dad about this place since he has become a friend to the cook at rincon peruano , but my family will eat here instead .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yikes ! i ate at contigo back in march with my meetup group but never finished the review . if my memory serves me right , i had the `` bisteck a lo pobre '' , which had steak , fries , plantain , sausage , rice and an egg . wow ... tons of tasty food . i washed it down with a bohemian beer ! all said , i remember that the food was very good , the beer fantastic and the company outstanding . service was kind of slow but then again we had a group of 18 , which i 'm sure overwhelmed this small restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious dishes with generous portions . their peruvian purple corn drink , chica , is also delicious , and tastes a bit like hibiscus tea rather than a `` corn drink '' . we ate here on a friday , and tried their roast chicken . it was juicy , tender , flavored with herbs and roasted just right . we had fish ceviche as an appetizer , and it was nicely piquant , marinated with citrus lime flavor . i tried some lomo saltado as well , and the beef was tender , and packed with flavor . service was friendly , but a bit slow . i will definitely be dining here again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "three floors of a slightly more upscale version of urban outfitters . cute crockery , dish linens , some decor items , scented candles and the italian perfume line tocca ; also , small sized clothing for the young and 0 sized . i missed the shop at first , as the sign is on the side of the entrance and not very prominent , so be on the look out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i guess their target market is n't mom 's with babies ... but i do n't see why not - i have visited anthropologie in every city that i 've gone to that has one ... . and i 've dropped much moolah there over the years ... . so i must fall into their target market ... anyway , i had to drag my stroller down several steps outside to get to the entrance , then down more once inside ... . and then on that main level , i was able to look at a very select few items of clothing and some jewellery , and then i had to leave . when i looked up , i realized there were two more storeys full of great selection of beautiful anthropologie clothes ... but how does one get up 2 flights of stairs with a stroller ? staff did n't acknowledge me . so that 's why i left .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a slightly small version of anthropologie compared to other stores i 've visited in the us . it 's three levels so lots of stairs to climb . it 's nicely decorated and laid out . their stuff is a little too boho for me for the most part but i have found some cute casual tops and skirts from time to time . i tend to find things a little overpriced and most of the time pick things up on sale when they are a little more reasonable . there is usually a decent sale selection in the back on the third floor . also a nice selection of cute housewares , great place to pick up a gift . i 've found the service to be pleasant and attentive every time i 've gone there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "anthropology is one of my happy places in montreal . it 's smaller than shops in toronto , but the staff is always nice and smiling , and the interior beautifully decorated . prices are quite high so i rarely buy clothes there , but it 's a great place to find gifts , or just do some window shopping . there are scented candles , cute notebooks , cosmetics , home decor accessories , etc . that are unique and affordable . keep and eye on the sales section on the third floor !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the people here are so nice that i like the shop but it 's too small . it does n't have the full selection of clothing , it 's a little too zooey & hipster-ish in general , but they have cute jewellery and accessories . this place has a lot of stairs . a lot . i also like their selection online and the huge store in toronto but this one is more like a sad little pop-up .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service they provide is superlative and consistent . i have always been treated with uncommonly genuine respect . they are mindful of your wallet and your time . plus , that `` little bit more '' that they seem to give to every customer make you feel special . special alone does n't cut it , though so here 's the bottom line : i 've always received not only great service but great advice about my service . i do n't know why you 'd want to go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brad smith will go above and beyond to provide excellent customer service and do everything possible to make your car buying experience the best possible . he is extremely friendly and knowledgable and is someone that you will want to work with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service department should just be called `` department '' because there is no service to be had . they do not call when they say when they 're going to call ( i experienced this both with my service adviser as well as the service manager - and i 'm talking two week lapse from the latter , not a couple of hours ) . the diagnostics on my mechanical issue was never fully resolved , after i spent several hundred dollars for them to treat a surface issue ( replacing all the hoses , claiming the recently installed non-oem hoses were ill-fitting ) . their ultimate recommendation was replacing a $ 1300 part . it took two different back-to-back visits to the shop and my car being there for 10 days total for them to come up with this . the only reason the service manager did call me back is because mbz corporate in new jersey had to tell him to do so after i spoke with them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service is ok but mercedes should be since it is at a2-3x premium versus regular quality shops . sales is priced high and then they try to impose a ridiculous mandatory $ 695 admin ( paperwork must be really tough in charlotte ? ) fee and and sneak it by consumers ! . ? fees like that are illegal in other states because they are exploiting customers . so i bought a mercedes in oh for thousands less and a reasonable $ 295 admin fee . i do n't mind paying a fair price but refuse to pay and uninformed and inflated price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "extremely unprofessional i called for a rx 330 that they had for sale . the sales rep checked ( clyde i think was his name ) and said it was in stock and the managers are in a meeting and will call me back . called back again an hour later they said that same thing , called again in an hour spoke to jim i think he is a manager and he told me that they sold it earlier . wasted my time and energy for nothing . seems like a incompetent dealership to me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mercedes used to be such a great brand with excellent customer service , but something has changed . look up defective balance shaft sprocket on the m272 and m273 engines .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i could give a 0 star review for a terrible experience recently . at first i was told it 's a two-day fix . so i thought it 's ok not to have a loaner car . then they extended it to 1 week . two weeks later , my car is still under fixing . meanwhile they did n't provide any loaner car or cover any rental . the worst experience i ever have in a mercedes dealer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've had delivery from ithai a couple of times . the won ton soup has a tasty broth and is good , the padh thai with chicken is very simple , with noodles cooked just right and a slightly sweet sauce absorbed into the dish . the flavour of the tamarind ( i think ) is just right and the cracked peanut lend some texture to one of my comfort foods . does ithai compare to a restaurant like mengrai thai in toronto ? i do n't think so , but for asian take out i think it 's an excellent choice in durham .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ithai is a good option if you are in the area and looking for some asian food . lunch ( from $ 7.50 ) and dinner specials ( $ 10.95 ) are good value especially you are dining alone like myself . i would not compare to real regional thai food as this maybe a little unfair when you look at the price point . for lunch i ordered the thai spicy noodle with chicken ( $ 8.95 ) with mango salad and spring roll . it was alright and i enjoyed that . great for a quick meal . i will be back next time when i am in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "could n't say the food was that great . i 've had much better thai food without a doubt ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not one to go to a chinese , thai or japanese restaurant , and i 'm not a fish lover , so when my sister said i should try this place and see the options , i took the challenge and ever since i 've wanted to go back ( two weeks ago ) . i only got the general tao chicken , but it was fantastic ( take out ) . it was a large bowl of saucy chicken with green peppers , chili peppers , and green beans with noodles . it was large , and i ate it all , wanting more . i 'm pretty sure it was a meal for four , but it was too good to let sit in my fridge . i 'll be heading back soon , i hope .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love their pad thai ! when you eat in there is a special menu for lunch that you can order a choice of thai dishes , it comes with choice of mango salad , spring rolls , or soup all for around 7.99 ! the staff is friendly and quiet which compliments the tranquility of the establishment . it is our 'go to ' place for thai in durham .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was nice here with a good kick of spice . it does n't compare as well as some of the great thai places tat you can find in the city , but for whitby it 's worthwhile visiting this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . today , my wife and i had the pad thai and the spicy noodle ( thick rice noodle ) , and both were fantastic ! their lunch special also included delicious tom yum soup and a spring roll for $ 6.95 !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is overrated on yelp . i went there based upon the average rating on yelp , and was really disappointed . the food there not only did not taste well , but also lacked the thai flavor as supposed to be . on top of that , the customer service was not great . overall i would not recommend this restaurant as worth visiting .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "slayyyy ithai ! my boyfriend and i have been coming here for years and enjoy our visit every single time . we have our set menu items and the staff has come to remember us and what we normally order . we have tried other thai restaurants in the area and none compare to the quality of the food at ithai . i would recommend trying their pad thai and wontons for an appetizer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we only eat out once a week so i like to make sure we choose somewhere that will not disappoint . unfortunately , this place was disappointing . we were the only patrons in the restaurant at the time and the service was incredibly slow and inattentive . after receiving all of our food except my husband 's order of basil beef we were not told it was coming until 5 minutes later so we had thought they had forgotten it . unfortunately there was no one in sight to ask . after another 10 minutes our server came out and told us they did n't have enough beef to make the order . by that time we were almost done eating . the food was quite tasty but based on the service we will not be coming back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decided to try this thai restaurant last night and i was pleasantly surprised . the place is clean and inviting . the food is great and tasty . the service was good . for the price , it is an excellent choice . glad i tried it and i 'll be back for sure . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really loved the garlic fried rice , the smell of the takeout on the way home was so delicious . also had the glass noodles and found them to be delicious , wish the veggies were cut smaller though , makes for a bit of an awkward eat . i also had the shrimp chips , which were pretty disappointing , i found them really dry and the fairly disintegrated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food - delicious ! i had yellow curry and husband had noodle stir fry , plus soup of the day , crab wantons and spring rolls as an appetizer . all delicious , flavorful , well spiced and delivered within 15 min of ordering . not only was the food delicious , but the restaurant has a dinner special where you get an entree and 2 appetizers for $ 10.95 ! you cant go wrong with that !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , fresh , hot food . we often stop here on our way through whitby , well worth the drive off the 401 !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hate to admit it but we chose this hotel for our one night stay solely because they essentially share a parking lot with duckworths grill and taproom . we wanted to be able to drink craft beers and not have to worry about driving afterwards . we were confident in our ability to walk a few yards though ... .. we do love that duckworths beer selection . wow . however , we were pleasantly surprised about how nice this place was ! clean , comfortable , convenient ( to the interstate , birkdale village- for total wine & more - and duckworths ) , and a welcoming staff . it 's a good place to stay and i 'd recommend it . even if you are n't heading to duckworths .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was the most pleasurable hotel experience since hawaii.. no kidding ! the sweet guy at the desk , his name is rick , gave us maps and directions to everything we had to find in the area . restaurants within walking distance are , the melting pot , chilis , and longhorns.. indoor heated pool and hot tub were amazing . the suite was roomy . the beds were so comfy . thank you rick.. it was a trip we did n't want to make and the circumstances were far from what we wanted to be doing , but you made it bearable and relaxing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for my company outing we go out and about but when we need a great place to lay our heads we get to stay here ... awesome customer service and support . from the front desk all the way to the breakfast people serving you . great location and im happy to come here every time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place . not overly extravagant but worth the stay . great location . close to restaurants and i-77", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this hotel is awesome . rick at the front desk is a rock star and made our stay so pleasant . the rooms were cozy and comfortable . one of the best hotels we ever stayed at .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "checked into the country inn and suites on a nascar sunday . although busy , staff was attentive . coffee was hot , room was clean , and location was ideal . an hdmi cord was missing from one out out tvs and the front desk staff made it right immediately . clean and family friendly . safe and great breakfast . only complaint if we had to complain would be lack of bathroom ceiling fan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "refurbished bar , faming british scottish atmosphere . have n't tried the food but had a couple of drinks with friends no complaints about the staff , i found them ok , although a neighbour to our table said that a few months ago his wife had to wait 40 min for her food to be served . i do n't know if he was joking or not because i saw the staff working pretty fast with the customers ' orders . anyway , good place for an afternoon drink with a friend or 'a potential ex partner ' , as the sign says .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "banter on fountainbridge is a nice addition to the other chain type bars in the area . formerly known as the clachan this pub has had a serious refurbishment in the last few years . the interior is very modern with large leather sofas and plasma tv screens . there 's also a nice mix of old photos on the walls to keep the place from looking too overdone . bar staff were very friendly and happy to make suggestions at the bar when i was trying to order from their fairly decent wine list . there seem to be a fair few regulars who frequent this place , but they all seemed nice and added a little to the banter of the place . i 've not yet had the chance to eat here yet , but the menu certainly looked good value for money and it was fairly busy when i was there last .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "banter is best described as a wasted opportunity . when the old clachan bar was refurbished , it had the potential to be a welcome alternative to the various chain bars near lothian road . banter aims for a retro stylish look but it does n't really work and just looks a bit tired and scruffy . they have also had an ongoing problem with their drains since opening which means that more often than not the bar has a very unpleasant smell ! it is usually busy with the post-work crowd and it is nigh on impossible to get a seat in the evening . the food is also pretty poor , very inexpensive but of poor quality ( on the one occasion i have eaten here i had a suspiciously chewy chilli con carne and my friend had a salad where most of the ingredients seemed to have gone off ! ) . in short , it 's ok for a work drink if you work very near by but i would avoid it if possible .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a good location . i 've never been to a subway where the staff was friendlier . they really hook up a nice loaded sandwich and sometimes after hanging out downtown i like to stop here for a cold cut combo . no casino marks up here i got my cold cut combo for $ 5 plus tax . there is seating and the area was clean . i do n't know what this subway is doing so different but other locations could take a lesson because this is a great subway !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the subway inside the el cortez casino . the hotel gives monthly coupons for 99 cents coffee . ..and you can get one refill later ! the other coupon is for 2 free cookies with purchase of a 6 '' sub ! they will only make fresh coffee for a paying customer . had to wait for new paying customer to get my refill . my first cup was just warm . it came out of a pump pot . hmmm ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located in the el cortez , the sandwiches come in handy in the whee early hours . aside from the usual drunken patrons during after -drinking- hours , the service is as fast as one person could possibly make it . i do n't go out of my way to eat here for lunch or dinner , but i do make a point to come here for my 4am freshly made sandwich . if you gamble enough at the el cortez ( 1941 points ) , you can get a $ 6 credit at this subway .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was hungry and contemplating what i wanted for dinner . i live downtown and in my direct view outside my window is the el cortez . that 's when i remembered they have a subway inside . dinner ! i got a six inch veggie delight with mustard and avocado . the best . i 'm serious , it was so good . will be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "subway is subway ... .convenient for me being at the el cortez - live 2 blocks away ! good goto lunch spot for a quick sandwich .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "1 star because the employee did not understand english . ok , thats fine , but when i can not even order , i start to get frustrated and i order a sandwich and she look back at the menu where i was looking and starts to make the sandwich . i told her i had to go because i was in a hurry and she did not understand . i love the fact she wanted to work to provide for her family , but please learn the language first . it will make your life so much easier and others so much less stressed . overall i am glad i just walked away and went to my room . maybe next stay will be better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is full of uncooperative employees that say one thing and change their minds on a dime . it has been a fight as it gets closer and closer to the day of the party . and do n't even think of inviting the family that owns the establishment , they will invite their entire family and make you pay for an extra table just for them . just the amount of incompetence from the owner norma is rid\u00edculos . do not hire them for your party at all costs stay away . if i could chose negative stars . -", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bad bad bad . do not come here . my family recently paid a nice amount of cash ( over 7k ) for the facility and it was the most horrible experience . the service was bad , their attitudes are bad , security is bad and the dj is the worst . i watched as underage kids were given beer and not being carded ! ! when i told them about it i was told to mind my own business . they will be all smiles to get your business but good luck after that . do not give them your credit card ! ! ! ! you will be asked . do n't do it . just trust me on this . they will also offer suits for you . do n't do it . you will find they will not refund your deposit . might as well just flush the $ $ $ down the toilet . i will be posting reviews on this place everywhere i can . i will also be reporting them for underage service to minors .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "whoever the owner is , is extremely rude . i was n't even the one who had the party . i was a guest and could see the owners attitude from a mile away . asked her for a straw and she literally rolled her eyes at me and did n't say a word . she was like this the whole time ! take your business elsewhere !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "04 19 16 this company used stolen debit card to pull $ 1500 out of colorado . said `` do what you got ta do . we 're keeping the money '' this is not a licenced or legally registered business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of the cleanest laundromats that i 've ever been to . stopped here on a whim while i was in town and i 've been back several times since . not only do they have wifi and vending machines , you could also get a tan while you wait ! the attendants are friendly , the floor is sparkly , and machines are in great shape . i 'm not sure how much these other reviews normally pay to use washing machines , but at my apartment complex , the communal washers are $ 2.25 load ( and they 're old style with agitators ! ) . also , they have a nice-sized parking lot ! no complaints here . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly way overpriced washers . $ 2.50 a load . that 's insane . most people come to laundromats with 3 or more loads . that 's $ 7.50 just to wash the stuff . then .25 for 8 minutes in the dryer . i hang dry a lot of things so i can cut down loads in the dryer . but the washers are small and expensive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "like the location and the cell signal . they also have wifi . however , the washers are overpriced compared to other laundromats in the area . the dryers seem to be priced well . i 'm undecided if i 'll come back here or not just yet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tried the chicken shawarma . it was decent . do n't think the young man at the counter asked me what sauce i wanted so no sauce at all . would have been better with cucumber sauce so a little bummed . very clean dining area . phone was ringing pretty often with orders around 2:30pm so that 's promising for them . give it a try . i also know they deliver ( including breakfast ! ! ! ) within 5 miles of edgewood towne centre . update : the owner contacted me directly to let me know he was going to use the feedback to train staff which is great . also offered another shawarma on him . very good service on his part . if i 'm ever in the area , might take him up on that offer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place delivers customized omelets , fruit crepes and coffee at 8am . that in and of itself earns it five stars given how limited the delivery options are in pittsburgh . in addition to the breakfast stuff being wonderful i 've also tried the calzones here and they 're phenomenal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we live nearby and we 're so excited to try this place . the first time we tried it , we had breakfast delivered . i was n't expecting that much , but the food was surprisingly good -- and delivered to our house on a saturday morning which was great ! it been years since i lived somewhere with breakfast delivery . the second time , we ordered pizza . neither my husband nor i were fans . the sauce was oddly sweet , and the cheese and other toppings just kind of tasted cheap . so , 5 stars for the yummy breakfast delivery ; 2 stars for the disappointing pizza . we wo n't order the pizza again , but we would definitely order breakfast again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here twice , first time seeking a cappuccino and the second time some pizza . first time they told me the espresso machine was down . fail . second time they told me they ran out of slices of pizza . double fail ! um , it 's 8pm on . saturday . i did n't know that could happen at a pizza shop . they advertise cafe and pizzeria , but they had absolutely zero for me the times i went for either experience . i 'm incredulous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm originally from the scranton wilkes-barre area , which has arguably some of the best pizza in the country . this place is the only place in all of western pa that has impressed me with their pizza . not only that , but their onion rings are to die for and their wings are amazing . delivery is unrealistically fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place will close within the next 2 years , i 'm fairly sure - just like every other restaurant in this spot . slow service - mediocre food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is unconscionable and frankly unfair that there is no joe 's anywhere near where i live . not only does this fine establishment have mouth watering pizzas ( meat lovers yum ! ) and a wide assortment of burgers , wraps , and salads , they take it a step further and have a breakfast menu so awesome.. and they deliver ! their strawberry banana french toast is quickly becoming my favorite . have n't been to their edgewood location , but purely from my delivery experience , joe 's has great food and their delivery service is great . highly highly recommend ! maybe a move is in order ? ( or come down by dc , pretty please ? )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the chicken gyros . i was hesitant because i had gotten chicken gyros from another local pizza joint that were so dry they were inedible . well , these were the complete opposite ! the chicken was juicy and marinated well . the only thing i wish is that i could order a side of feta as this was not an option when i ordered through an app .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good pizza , great specials . the sauce is very unique , sweet , distinguishes this pizza from the many other pizza places in the area . really liked the breadsticks . keep up the good work . came right on time , too . another redolent jewel in the crown of the east end 's vibrant pizza culture .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered several times the food is always very good . delivery is very quick . the gyro joes special pizza is absolutely delicious highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent pie with gyro meat on it . also got the anti pasta salad and a lamb gyro . all were decent , just wish there was a bit more to the salad . gyro was solid but on the small side . ca n't find any food in pitt on a sunday night and they deliver late . if you have a coupon make sure to call in your order because their web site wo n't accept any on-line . nice delivery guy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved the pizza . hot and cheesy with plenty of toppings . the pizza sauce is sweet which i really enjoyed . buffalo fries were also crispy and delicous . friendly staff . will definitely try again . looking forward to having a late night place in my area . i also plan to give their breakfast menu a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered the steak pizza without green peppers . they may seem a little pricey , but the quality is very good and they give you a lot of toppings . the pizza was not greasy at all and it had a very good flavor . simple and not overpowering . i could 've probably ate the whole large pie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered two pizzas because they had just opened up and someone told me they had a good product . the pies were done in an appropriate time and i was on my way . when i took my first bite , there was an off , or tainted taste to the sausage topping so i called them right up to share my concerns . the manager went and tasted same in house but told me he thought it was alright . i have been in the meat business for twenty years ... ... i am not recommending nor returning to this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food ! went with family they all loved it . orders were wedgie , hoagie , burger , and fries . not a long wait to get the food . i got burger and fries . the burger was okay big size and the fries were good too . mines came up to $ 10 . would recommend it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the strawberry walnut feta salad , greek salad ... .very deliciously fresh salads and very quick delivery ! ! ! will order again ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very fast delivery of just under a half hour , via yelp ordering system , which estimated it would be 20 minutes longer so i was happy about that . food was hot and joe pie was tasty , crust is good , like a fluffy handle but not thick bread base . fries are a home run for delivery fries . ultra crisp , i used them to make a tasty poutine at home . the tiramisu is a treat but i wish it was a larger portion ( of course ) ! so happy it 's in the neighborhood and ca n't wait to order breakfast on a sunday for delivery after reading other reviews .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've gotten 3 meals delivered to my house including breakfast on a weekday morning and they were all delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered cheese breadsticks , pepperoni rolls ( because the wv in us ca n't resist ) , and pepperoni pizza with a few extra toppings . it was pretty good . the sauce is on the sweeter thin side but it did n't stop us from eating it ! i highly recommend the pepperoni rolls , while they are n't 'fluffy ' like you 'd get in wv , they 're dang delicious . we 'll be ordering again ! also the delivery was freaky fast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you know the saying about pizza ... even when it 's bad its still pretty good . this is the one pizza that defies that logic . it 's bad . it 's really , really bad . the only good thing is that is that it was also so unbelievably small we did n't have to eat much of it . save yourself the trouble and go to vincent 's pizza park instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "david s. wanted to try out milo 's since champaign does n't have a million places to try , and milo 's had good reviews . we got a little lost trying to find it because the entrance is sort of hidden on the eastern side of lincoln square , but on our way we discovered some sort of teenage rave in the works , sooo random ... we even directed someone to it . weird and laughable does n't begin to describe the situation . i ordered the moroccan israeli spicy salmon with couscous which was n't bad but came with this gigantic couscous , almost like tapioca pearls . it was n't bad at all , but david 's duck special was mediocre at best . david ordered some red wine , i forget which one but it was pretty good . their waitstaff are all really niceee , mainly older men , which i 'm so not used to . that 's middle america for you , eh ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lincoln square mall is dead but this place is n't . the place is small but has a cozy feel . service is fairly nice . lots of good things on the menu : lamb , steak , upside-down pizzas , etc . dessert menu is fairly standard but they do have an assortment of teas served in single french presses . price is good , too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the sisters who run this and the chef , obdulio , are all very nice folks who run a restaurant that does what it does well . that is to say , cater to those who want relatively conservative , mostly american-influenced cuisine plated nicely and with good portion size . the space itself is pleasant enough , tucked in a corner of the now-decrepit lincoln square mall . indeed , it is one of the few things left drawing people to that retail albatross . additionally , the place has been there for over 10 years , right around the time that several better quality restaurants started to assert themselves in the area . so , they have a loyal clientele by now . for food that is a little more adventurous by the same team , try escobar 's in downtown champaign .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went for lunch and was the only person there under 65 . i had the mushroom ravioli , which had some completely random cooked carrots on top . i only had 6 ravioli , i guess because it was lunch . the food was fair , the prices were average . the decor was unremarkable . it does look out onto a pond which was nice . i looked at the dinner menu and the prices seemed a little high to me , based on how how the lunch went ? i probably would not come back for dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the pricier places i have eaten . the flavors were quite good , but the pork chop was a touch tough . service is better at a drive up . only one of three tables at the time , i had to ask for a water refill . i also had to listen to the manager and my waiter talk politics at the bar for ten minutes . not a fine dining experience , just mediocre .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is ok . but for the prices it should be much better . some people really love this place , but i just do n't understand their excitement . the atmosphere is pleasant and relaxing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had brunch here and it was just ok . i had the florentine eggs benedict . it was tasty but the poached eggs were too well done ( yolk not runny enough ) . the hollandaise was not seasoned enough . bacon was burnt . split pea soup was interesting but ultimately not very satisfying .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it seems as tho i have hurt amy w 's feelings by writing a critique on a restaurant i like . how dare i ? ! how dare i have a gasp opinion ? oh and amy i do know about food . you go right on yelping dunkin donuts and red lobster -- cause that 's what real food is : eye roll : .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a really charming place . i went for lunch and ordered the grilled salmon with pesto . it was very good but i could have eaten another order . for those of you that hate coconut , like myself , the chocolate chip muffins that they bring out is loaded with coconut . nice ambience and a nice view .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had high hopes for this place and were sorely disappointed . the decor is nice , the setting is relaxing . it overlooks a small pond and has some outdoor seating . however , the food and service are very mediocre . nothing special or memorable here at all . mediocre food would have even been ok if the prices reflected that . way overpriced for what you get .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we always have trouble finding a place to eat sunday morning . places tend to be crowded . so i was excited to learn milos serves breakfast sunday morning . sadly breakfast was lackluster at best and very under seasoned ... not a good thing with eggs . the smoked salmon and bagels consisted of one small bagel and four small pieces of salmon for $ 10 . when we asked about it , we were told that `` it 's an expensive item . '' really ? ? service was attentive but food came out slowly . sadly , our breakfast search will have to continue .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had lunch with a friend , ordered the ruben sandwich plate , the sandwich was great but everything else was unbeatable , the fries were limp and greasy only taste they had was grease , the slaw had no flavor it lacked seasoning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "katie snead at synlawn of arizona was excellent to work with ! she brought samples to the house and suggested we look at them in the sunlight where we were going to put the turf . she was the only person we got bids from that suggested that . it made a huge difference ! my wife and i had many questions and she provided superior customer service ! no more mowing or trimming . no more grass in the pool from mowing , trimming , or kids during swim season . we use the grass area more now than we ever did when we had sod . it is clean , no bugs , no mud , our dog loves to roll around in it and he does n't get grass all over him , and it looks great all the time . we kept our sprinklers and it is great to use when we need to wash it off or want to cool it down quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased their artificial turf through lowes . the synlaw product was of poor quality and the install was done improperly . had to have them try and repair replace it twice . eventually had to have it fully removed and get a full refund . would not recommend them . try az turf masters .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i bought a house back in march and landscaping in the backyard was not included . we took months looking for a company to landscape our entire backyard for a decent price ... we finally stumbled upon synlawn after deciding to just contract everything piece by piece and to our surprise , they do the whole package ! not only were the salespeople courteous , our backyard looks amazing ! we got the synaugustine and it looks so real my mom did n't believe me it was fake ! definitely recommending them to everyone we know !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't buy this product . dogs destroyed it in less than 2 months and they wo n't honor their warranty . excuses , excuses , excuses .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was a little apprehensive thinking this might look more like indoor outdoor carpet than grass . actually , the more it wears , the better it looks . so a few leaves from the neighbors ' trees or an arizona dust storm actually improve the look ! as for the process , synlawn does it right . i met sina at the showroom , and he showed me lots of different `` grasses . '' he came to my house and gave me an estimate . and finally , he visited the day of installation to ensure everything went just right . and it did . my `` lawn '' looks great , and the installers were courteous and professional , as well . and by the way , i watched the install , and even if i owned the tools , it is well worth the price to have someone else do the work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a mixed review . we used them before on another property , and the sales , installation and customer service were fantastic . this time , the sales was ok , not thorough or accurate . the installation crew was great . the follow up customer service was crap . product was substandard , and not what ordered , and most frustrating they promised phone calls back which were never receipt . they were a bit snarky and condescending . i would n't order this product again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beautiful new showroom ! they really know their stuff and so many choices . they even have their samples installed outside so you can see them 24 7 , very cool .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greg and lisa thank you so much for the beautiful job your men did on my lawn . i absolutely love it . i have posted some photos on facebook and my friends are asking all kinds of questions . of coarse , i will send them all your way . i used synlawn 256 and i am very happy.. thank you again mzsage", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have had synlawn installed at two of our houses both front and back yards and love it ! no maintenance , made in usa and 15 year warranty ! ! we highly recommend it . excellent customer service and professional installers . best decision we made for our landscape ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place for the hong kong style diner . they have amazing sizzling plates . my fave is the chicken steak combo which comes with soup ( choice of russian borscht or cream soup ) , dinner roll , drink ( coffe , tea , etc ) and dessert ( usually jello or mango pudding ) for only $ 9.50 during the lunch special . note : place gets crowded quickly and the seating is n't that comfortable as there is literally 2-3 cm between you and the table beside you . place is cash only as well", "score": "4"}
{"review": "man , this places been around for over 15+ yrs . it started off as a mom and pop shop kinda resturant with 6ish tables around the corner before time square was ever built . this place never disappoints . it 's always very yummy , super quick and service is consists to above average . breakfast , lunch and dinner set are very reasonable in price ! just remember to bring a hoodie or sweater before entering . they like to have ac cranked up . food ( taste ) : 4.5 5 food ( presentation ) : 4 5 kitchen ( delivery speed ) : 5 5 service : 4 5 ambiance : 4 5 fun factor : 3 5", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great hk style cafe . service was super fast and efficient . cost is great . dont expect spectacular food , but good value .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good hk cha chaan tang ( \u8336\u9910\u5ef3 ) . lunch combos ( $ 10+tax ) ca n't be beat , and offer far far more value than what you 'd get at western fast food restaurants ( mcdonald 's ) . food quality is quite high . very fast service too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the variety they have at the dinner . food pretty good . though sometimes too salty for my liking", "score": "3"}
{"review": "goldsor restaurant is located at time square . it serves mainly hong kong style western food . i have to say the breakfast is quite decent here , starting at $ 3.45 . i ordered the 2 eggs hot dogs toast with hk style milk tea where as my sister ordered the satay beef vermicelli with hot honey lemon . my sister really enjoy her food because it is really tasty with a lot of satay sauce . the beef is plentiful and tender . she finished the whole bowel by herself ! my breakfast set is quite ok , but for $ 3.45 that 's really good value . the services is fast and friendly . i wo n't be hesitate to be back to eat here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love their breakfast , love their sizzling platters . quick friendly service . food is good not great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered their afternoon tea menu items and thought they were a bit bland . the spaghetti bolognese had a lot of noodles but was skimpy on sauce , and the deep fried fish , while crispy had a weird fishy flavour . maybe i need to try.the sizzling plates that everyone here is raving about . overall for the prices , the food is decent and i think better than other hk style diners .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hong kong style caf\u00e9 , which is to say various rice or pasta dishes . not a bad place to get a filling dinner for around $ 8- $ 9 , but do n't expect anything outstanding . portions are a little larger and the ingredients a little more interesting than the usual hk style joints , which is also reflected in the pricing . note : cash only", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here on a saturday and it was pretty packed around noon . it 's pretty loud and rowdy inside with little space between the tables . i think i actually used to come here when i was a kid and would always get a fish cutlet with fries . most meals come with bread and a soup - i got the russian borscht - pretty decent as it actually had some beef in it . this time i got one of the sizzling plates with a chicken steak and gravy sauce . it came with some carrots and broccoli as well . i would say the entire meal was decent but probably would n't get it again . probably because the servers were a little rude and inpatient .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of my favourite places for cheap and yummy eats ! have great hk style breakfast ! the satay beef is huge and delicious and the other food offerings are huge and delicious . the fish casserole ( and all the dinner and lunch offerings ) that they have are delicious and you can pay a little more to add a drink , a soup , a small jello and a roll . nomnomnom ! love this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "$ 10 lunch special gets you a nice bowl of soup ( borscht all the way for me ! ) , a sizzling entree platter ( a must when you 're here ) , a drink ( nice hk style milk tea compared to many places ) and a dessert ( no choice here so i got served a strawberry jello ) . so here 's the breakdown : borscht soup : 4 5 fried chicken sizzling plate with garlic sauce : 4 5 milk tea drink : 4 5 jello : 1 5 ( at least it 's not 0 5 ? ) great place to eat when you 're starving and low on dough . waitresses sure do look bored though , with the exception of one lady who mentioned she started working there only about a week . i guess with another week she 'll start looking like one of her walking dead colleagues ? anyway , 4 star for goldsor !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "goldsor is a great choice for a quick and cheap meal if you want hong kong cafe style food . while the cleanliness of the restaurant may bother some , their service is as speedy as fast food restaurants and the food quality has stayed consistent over the years . come for breakfast , lunch or dinner , it does n't matter . you wo n't be disappointed with the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shout out to this place for letting me order kiddies meal they 're known for their sizzling plates meal but other food are pretty decent too : ) love the hong kong style soup and bun you get at the start !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "perfect for fast and cheap chinese food . everything also comes in a combo too . makes decisions so much easier . the food is good and it 'd also fresh . i love coming here for lunch . this place is often full of kids . so def . very kid friendly here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the designs are pretty , however my nails barely lasted one week before the gel started to peel off . i paid $ 50 & expect my mani to last more than one week , such a disappointment ! ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service was prompt while my friend had to wait 10 minutes but for some reason my service cost more than hers and she got a hand arm massage . we got the same hot stone pedicure package . mine was over in 5 minutes . i also got hit with a $ 15 charge for getting there past 7 pm ( waited until the last minute to tell me ) and each service was an additional $ 5 . after $ 100 tab ... i sat there for 30 minutes while my friend had her nails done . jeez . i heard good things about this place and i hate leaving negative reviews but this was awful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well , for starters i walk in and see my nail tech playing with her feet then proceeded to grab my hand without washing her hands . terrible . nails were n't that bad just not good either .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first time going here , and check in process was very short . i did not have to wait , i was directed right away . i got my nails done , and i did a fade french gel manicure and got my eyebrows waxed . the lady who did my nails did a wonderful job ! she was very patient with my decisions on my nails and she helped me decide what to do with them . i 'm very indecisive so she helped me by showing me pictures and samples of nail designs . overall , great service and i will be a returning customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found my new nail place close to home and i love it . they have a lot of colors to choose from and a lot of pedicure spa chairs . for my first two visits i was very pleased with my nails . i usually just go with a simple gel mani and both nail ladies ( i can not remember the first lady , only cindy : ) did a nice job paining and shaping my nails . my most recent visit i had my or mai ( ? ) as my nail lady and once again i was very happy with how my nails turned out . she was gentle during the whole buffing , filing process and also when removing my acrylic nails i had done elsewhere : ) i would highly recommend scheduling an appointment rather than walking in because they do seem very popular and sometimes the wait can be a little long .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do a very decent job here . i like it because they also offer water free manicures ( the water is so hard here i do n't like soaking my cuticles in it , just makes them crack ) so , i will return for that reason . however , the place is filthy . it really needs a good scrub down , that 's why i gave it 3 stars instead of 5 . clean it up !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just wanted to point out ... i am now going into my third week with my gel manicure from diamond and oh my goodness - they still look like i just got them done . i 've been reading more and more about salons local to me and other manicures and by the second week and sometimes even before the end of the first - the gel is chipped or starts to look bad . i am convinced diamond or the wonderful lady that provided my service are nail geniuses - maybe both ... but to be able to go into the christmas season with stellar looking nails for three weeks - i 'm one lucky gal . still ca n't wait to get back out there and have them done again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am going to be filming some recipes this weekend , and needed to get a gel manicure since my hands are about to get a lot of camera time . diamond nails is quite a drive from my house , but but i was in the area , and wanted to get my eyebrows threaded at eyebrow envy nearby ( also great . ) an did my gel manicure and she did a great job , she was very friendly and i enjoyed talking with her . my nails look great ! she really took her time and i could n't be happier ! i just wish i lived closer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first time i visited this place , i waited about half an hour before i was called back to get my pedicure . i was pretty annoyed by the wait , but my pedicure was done to my satisfaction . i made a mental note to make an appointment the next time . when i went back the second time , i made an appointment and my experience was much better . there was no longer a wait time and other than the nail lady scraping underneath my nail too hard , the experience was good . the third time i went , i made an appointment and requested trish to do my nails . trish is the best . she really takes the time to make sure everything is perfect . i requested a design to be done in gel and she painstakingly perfect every line and coated each nail to make sure i had the look i wanted .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in the market to find a new nail salon in las vegas . i recently met up with a friend and loved her nails when i saw them and so she recommended i try diamond nails and spa . she also said she had a fabulous massage while she was there . i stopped by today just for a gel polish change . i recently tore one of my nails and my purse yanked majority of the rest if it off since the tear was n't enough lol . i had a nail tip done that fixed the problem right up and i love my nails -- service was quick as well which is always nice when you 're out running errands already . i will definitely make this my new go to place for nails , thanks again ! ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i yelped this location and it is snot far from my house so i decided to give it a try ! i made an appointment on line with mai . mai is super friendly and nice . she has small talks with me making me feel as if i m visiting a friend ! absolutely love it ! i showed her a picture of the design i want but at first i did n't want to pay more for the gel . she explained to me why gel might be better for this specific design and showed me without gel what it looked like . she did convinced me to get the gel nail in stead and it came out super cute , exactly like the picture i showed her . i will certainly come back to her next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved this place . i got my first gel manicure here . super cute . mama gives the best massages . the best . make an appt online . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - i made an appointment the second time for me and two friends , one massage and two pedicures . i did n't receive a confirmation call so i called them at 2:00 , 3 hours before our 5pm appointment . they said ok but then called me back 15 minutes later saying that the masseuse called in with a family emergency . seriously ? when were they going to let us know ? so we cancelled all of our appointments .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . they really take they 're time and they 're very clean . the lady i saw was mai she was very attentive and made sure she was n't too rough . every time she was finished with something she made sure that it was ok with me and the suggestions she made for my colors were right on point . the system they have is really good too after ur 5th visit u get 15 % off ur services which is great cuz all us girls need discounts for our nails n feet : ) . i am definitely making this the only nail spot i go to in vegas . oh n if u wan na indulge ur feet i suggested the ice cream sundae pedicure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love having my nails done and pedicures here . their facility is often busy and i would recommend making an appointment to avoid wait times , but their staff 's so friendly and caring . so far i have had three different girls and one guy for either a pedicure or a full set of gel nail extensions , and have had wonderful experiences . they 're also open late ( until 11pm ) daily i believe , so that is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like it here because they use sterilized equipments for each person . gel nails look good not thick like i 've had in previous service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only place i get my nails done ! everyone is very kind and makes you feel at home . it is very clean and well organized . i have been coming here for almost 2 years now . my nail technician lina is amazing ! she does my nails , pedis , and wax . she is very creative when it comes to colors and designs . i love talking to her . she has a great ora that surrounds her and is very sweet and funny . she always has my champagne glass ready along with a water to keep me hydrated . which is perfect right after a lot a long day at work . if lina is busy i definitely recommend jessica , tracy , or christy . they will take care of you and you will not leave disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pedicure ever ! ! ! found these guys on yelp and came here bc of all the great reviews . i 'm still sitting in the nail salon ( drying , lol ) and i just had to write a review about this place . i called ahead to see if they were busy and they said they were , but to come right away and they would fit me in . i was afraid i would get a crappy quick pedicure bc they were busy , yet they took their time . i wo n't go to another nail place in vegas again : ) yay diamond nails ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "christie is amazing at what she does . she gives an incredible pedicure . takes her time and makes you feel completely relaxed by the time you are finished . christie also does a flawless job on finger nails too ! i highly recommend the salon and especially christie . sam the owner i think is also very friendly and polite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always satisfied with service and work ( pedi , mani , pink and white full set ) . recommended calling ahead : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started coming here due to the flexible hours . they are open late and have a lot of techs , so it 's easy to get an appt . it is n't the nicest salon , it 's quite busy and a little crowded for how busy they get sometimes in the evening . the morning is much quieter and more peaceful though . it is clean and sanitary though . and the quality of work has always been wonderful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i found this salon online prior to coming to vegas and my girlfriend and i decided to come here based on the reviews we had read . this was our first stop as soon as we arrived in vegas . we loved this place . the salon was clean , staff was friendly and the services were phenomenal ! highly recommend this salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for a nail emergency ( meaning : i bit off almost all of my acrylic nails again , do not ask me how i did it ) . to all my nail biting ladies out there , do not do it ! getting acrylic nails off of your fingernails was torturous . trust me , i already did the leg work . i called the salon and did not ask for anyone in particular . i was surprised that i got an appointment with james . i learned from yelp that james is one of the best if not the best . i was so excited to meet him . he welcomed me and was super accommodating and understanding . he tried his best to not make the process hurt me too much - which i greatly appreciate . he is an expert at what he does and it is apparent in the way he handles his client . i highly recommend this establishment . they charged fairly for high quality work . i 've been to other nail salons that are expensive but just could not deliver the way this place did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place ! the staff is super friendly and the venue is very clean . christy is the best . she always finds time to fit me in for an appointment and does an amazing job . i still drive across town to get my nails done by her ... would n't go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they 're ok. service is alright . customer service i do n't know because they hardly interact . the nail techs do n't seem to like one another because every time i go they seem to be arguing over petty things . they do attract what they act . the kind of clientele list they have are the stuck up ones that i come across . other than that , thy truly are about making money and doing their job and that 's it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i moved into this neighborhood and finding a good nail salon was important . i tried several and were not impressed ... then i found christie at diamond nails ! she 's very talented in her trade and she 's really enjoyable to spend time with . the business itself is always clean and every member of the staff is friendly . they get to know you and call you by name . when i walk into diamond nails i feel like i walked into a hug !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this salon through yelp and i read most reviews and saw pictures and convinced myself to try it out . let me just say i 'm glad i did . the salon in its self is beautiful but , my main appreciation is for `` nina '' she made my nails look beautiful its not an exaggeration when i say nobody has ever done my nails like her ! i pointed out somethings to her and she remained patient and not things about her work cause its perfect i was mainly telling her my fingernails are uneven and i used to be a nail bitter and let me just say she wirked magic ! i hot her card and am making her my forever nail lady ! thank you nina ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my go to nail salon in vegas . clean environment happy helpful staff and great gel manicures . . as suggested by one of the staff i tried the asian ballerina tea and that works like a charm . sparkle on friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had been to this place several times before and it was okay in the beginning but each time got worse and worse . they were extremely rude from the second time should have been my last time to give them my money , let alone tip as graciously as i did ! ! ! the last time i was there my pedicure was smudged and they did nothing to fix it and then my nail tech saw that i had a broken nail and just filed it down and did not try to fix it but instead just filed it and proceeded to file the rest of my nails short as well . i have seen girls that look just like hookers come in and receive the red carpet treatment and it blew me away time and time again . i will never go back and suggest that anyone who wants to receive rude bad customer service this is the place for you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there was no wait time , probably because it was a weekday and in the a.m. yuki provided me with an awesome deluxe pedicure . will be back again it was an overall great experience = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . i go once a week to see lana and am always delighted . not only us the salon clean , beautiful , and impeccably run ... the tool try use come out of sterile packs and all of the employees go out of their way to make sure your happy . even if you 're not their client . lana does my nails and i really do n't even have to tell her anything but a small idea , she takes it from there . we sit and talk , catch up on the week , and next thing you know my nails looks like i could be a hand model . this is truly a diamond in the rough , i will never go anywhere else as long as i am in las vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love their service and their gel nails are the best quality and price ! and lina was very skilled and fast with her work . definitely coming back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did my nails for prom here and they came out amazing ! just what i asked for ! winnie did a fantastic job doing my glitter ombre nails . defiantly going back soon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pedicure is okay . i got the deluxe , not really worth it to me for $ 36 . the ventilation here sucks . the moment i stepped in here , i feel my nostrils burn ! it 's close to my house so its convenient plus its open after 7pm but they charge you $ 5 extra after 7 ... again not worth it to me ... ugghh i swear my nostrils are burning here", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to diamond nails for a girls night . i was greeted right away , asked what i wanted done and to pick a color . i got a gel manicure and it feels like it will be on my nails for more than two weeks- excellent job ! ! i would def go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a awesome experience . i highly recommend going to christy ! ! ! ! she is the best all around . she is very fast , and very talented at helping design exactly what you want in your nails . and at the same time she has you laughing the whole time ! it 's was my best experience with a salon here i ' i 've had here in vegas . thankyou chrisy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in yesterday for my first time . i must say i like that a nail place is open on a sunday afternoon . you are given a menu for all services they have . i only got a $ 25 pedicure , its plain pedicure with absolutely nothing added . no scrub , hot towel , or hot rocks . i 've been to other nail places that offer all that for $ 25 . i will return if i need a pedicure late in the evening or on a sunday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the most racist very rude people i ever met in my life i sit there waiting waiting they keep taking other people before me even though i came first and i sign first , the next thing i know the guy came up to me and he said he can not do it and walked away i will never go back in there this is the second time it 's happening to me going over there but since it 's a lot of people work there i was thinking maybe it 's only one person is acting like that but most of the employees at it 's that way", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stacey is so amazing ! they had my cousin and i sit down immediately after picking out our polish . stacey has very nice strong hands , and made me feel relaxed right away ! i love the massage especially after a long work week ! she 's very friendly , and does an outstanding job ! if you need a good nail lady , she 's definitely the one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to diamond nails for about the past 6 months & love it . they have recently started updating the salon with new furniture & equipment which is making it look cleaner & more professional which i like . i go to ann as my nail artist & she is fantastic . every idea i present her with she does a superb job with . my gel never peels & always lasts atlas 2 weeks . prices are comparable to other salons .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here , great jelly pedicure . loved it ! ! ! nothing more to say come check it out . your feet will be happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love diamond nails . i have been going there for close to two years now , and it has always been a positive experience . i usually see christy , and she does meticulous work , she 's talented , friendly , and makes you feel comfortable . the owner sam is there all the time , and he is friendly and runs his salon as a customer focused business . the salon is clean , the employees are professional , and everyone is treated well . i have gotten gel nails , acrylic nails , mani 's and pedi 's there , and they are consistently good . i have also had work by thuy and mai , and they are good too . i would definitely recommend diamond nails . i wo n't go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . i basically snapped my nail in half and needed a place that was open late so that i could get it fixed before work the next morning . i showed up around 10pm and only waited about 5 minutes . the lady who helped me was so so nice , and she was very gentle . now i ca n't tell that my nail was ever broken ! she even matched the color to the rest of my nails exactly . would definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very clean . i suggest booking an appointment as they are always busy . this nail spa is hands down the best . show them a picture of a style you 'd like to imitate and guarantee they do it to perfection . highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ... they were quick but fantastic . lots of gel colors ... not so much regular nail color choices . but the price was good and they were very clean and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the owner manager of diamond nails reached out to me after i had a terrible experience , we spoke on the phone and he set me up with another appointment to fix my nails . this time , was amazing ! ! i was set up with another nail tech james , and he was wonderful.. he knew exactly what i wanted and i was really really happy with the outcome of the nails.. thank you sam and james for everything.. see you soon = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going for years and my manicurist is ... ... ..awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! ! keeping her a secret but all are great ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ... made an apt at 6pm with jenny who was on time : ) ) .. brought a pic of how i wanted my nails done and she made it exactly to the pic.. the salon closed at 7pm.. she was done with my full set at 730 pm and stayed overtime to do a pedicure : ) ) thank you so much jenny ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! i freaking love this place . it was my first time coming in & everyone was nice & accommodating . by the way i live 25 minutes away & it was sooo worth the drive ! ! ! i received the hot stone foot massage which was out of this world . i 'm 8 months pregnant & after a long day of working & standing it was so relaxing . i also got a gel manicure that was unlike any other i had before . pretty much to sum it up the employees take the time to make you feel good & get your $ $ worth . it is my new home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , i never actually went to the funny stop , but based on their phone etiquette i never would have wanted to . it was the worst i 've ever experienced . i called up to give them the name and confirmation number of the group i wanted to be seated with , and to ask them which of the two shows they had bought tickets for , since there were two times and i was n't sure . they acted as if my request was so difficult to process , and it took them forever to figure it out . i even heard the other woman say , `` who is this person ? ! '' as if my request was so complicated and outlandish . totally weird .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "miro is our go-to restaurant for a night of spanish tapas and vino . although the tapas are a bit stiff the food is very tasty and staff is super friendly . they always remember us ! the bartender ( buff bald dude ) is great and always makes us laugh . if you are looking for heavier fare , try the pork or steak with mashed potatoes ! the pasta is also a good choice and they will cater to you if you want something extra ! and of course never leave without a tres leche to go !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would give miro a 4-star rating , was it not for the service . the food is excellent , well-prepared and consistently good . the menu is varied and creative . we enjoyed our dishes very much . the paella was very good , recommended . the service , on the other hand was very annoying . we kept getting loudly interrupted in the middle of the diner conversation with `` did we enjoy the [ insert food name here ] ? '' a few times of this might have been ok , but 10 times over a one-hour dinner ? what should be an shared enjoyable experience in family becomes a dreaded experience of `` oh no , here he comes again ! '' . for $ 125 , i expect better service than a robotic , by-the-numbers approach . it ruined an otherwise excellent meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had made a reservation for valentines day and they messed up our reservation . our reservation was for 8:30 pm so we showed up at 8 . when we got there it was a complete and utter mess . they had overbooked there reservations and a guy behind me said their reservation was for 7 pm and it was 8:10 pm by now and they said they had n't even been sat yet . but it did n't matter because they could n't find my reservation . they ruined my wife and i 's valentines day plans and wo n't ever go back and wo n't recommend any of our friends go there either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "an institution in the stonecrest area . miro is a great place for a date night . wonderful spanish foods ( that to me seem authentic ) that you can eat either as tapas or as entrees . combined with a good wine selection and an attentive wait staff , miro is a dependable favorite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've always passed by this restaurant and wanted to try it . i finally did today and it was a disappointment ! ! the food was okay , nothing spanish about it . the sangria tasted like cheap wine . our server seemed in a rush for us to finish and leave . he picked our dishes even when we told him we were not finished . definately not coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the tapas were great and the service was top-notch . the outdoor seating was a nice bonus to have , so you have the option to enjoy your meal on a nice day . compared to some establishments in dc area , the sangria was top-notch ! a great experience overall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm only giving three stars simply because my friend and i just had wine and calamari in the bar area . the calamari was ok ( i 'm a professed calamari snob ) and the wine list is limited to european , which is n't a bad thing but just be prepared if you 're used to domestics and south americans like me . the service was great despite how busy they were .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my goto restaurant . the churrasco de cerdo is the best thing on the menu , next to the tres leches .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food very good . tres leches cake makes this place destination . mouth watering just thinking about it ... if you can only make it for a dessert and coffee you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i probably should be writing a review after more than just one visit here , but i 'll write one anyway because i remember my appetizer of patatas bravas was really good . it was cubed potatoes in some kind of creamy sauce , very good . i do n't remember what i ordered , but i do n't remember it being disgusting or so good that i remember it . so it 's good but not amazing . service was a bit slow .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a pleasant surprise ! no reservations but seated quickly . pleased to see lots of full tables . our waiter set the bar . if only other waiters were as knowledgeable , helpful , and sharp witted . his recommendations for wine were spot on . the tapas , paella , and steak ( cooked to perfection ) were all excellent . every request for switch outs was accommodated graciously . tres leches dessert was sublime , just as the waiter promised . we 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice in the last few weeks to rule out potential vascular issues and the staff and facility have all been wonderful . honestly , it does n't look like i 'm going to be needing their services after all , thank goodness , but they have been awesome up to this point : pleasant front desk staff , scheduling appointments that are convenient , friendly interactions with the providers and a beautiful facility . i would n't hesitate to suggest them to anyone needing these kinds of services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best doctor and staff ever . dr. osorio , karah , and karli are highly skilled and experienced . everyone that works there is incredibly competent , kind , friendly , and efficient . highly recommend this place for top notch service and patient care . it truly is hard to find such high quality health practices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good breakfasts at a reasonable price . i visited my first time because it 's a pittsburgh landmark , but i keep going back because of the great food . the wait staff is always friendly , and i rarely have to wait long for a table . you wo n't find savory gourmet food here , but you will experience an honestly good traditional diner experience at a good price . i like that they have free parking available and generous hours . always a reliably solid choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to live around the corner from this place and worked across the street at the hospital . ritters is a great 24 7 , greasy spoon diner with adorable vintage juke boxes at the booths , waitresses who have been there forever and patrons who have been lifers as well . its certainly not a place to go for health food or fine cuisine , but its great breakfast food and even greater place to be for late night , after the bar , drinking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a nice dive diner , great if you need food in the middle the night . it definitely has a kitschy old-school ambiance , perfect for the hipster set or the actual , old-school set . the side salad that came before the entree was regrettable and superfluous , though i was n't expecting much in the first place . it was definitely pre-mixed long before we arrived , which would n't have been bad except they also mix in the croutons , were become gross and soggy after sitting in a bowl of salad . my fried chicken was excellent . perfectly crisp with a great batter , and not too salty . i had home fries on the side which were well cooked but very much under-seasoned . the service was rather basic and inattentive , but you ca n't expect much more from a place like this . all in all we enjoyed our visit and we 'll be back when we need some late night comfort food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cash only is not an acceptable policy in 2016 . this trend has to stop , it is not ok . i refuse to patronize any business that only accepts cash . we ate our meal ( the food was good , by the way , and the service was nice ) only to be told at the end that they did n't accept cards . had to then pay a 6 dollar fee to get cash out of the atm in their lobby . this is a scam and highly unacceptable . if this ridiculous and offensive cash only policy is changed i would gladly change my review to 5 stars . if the card fees are a concern , raise your prices by 2 % and no one will know the difference .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'll be the first to admit : do n't come here for the food . it is not for those with delicate sensibilities or a snobbish palate . that said , i love ritters . its a pittsburgh classic ( my parents used to eat here ) and is pretty much the standard place to go after emerging from an east end dive bar covered in sweat and cigarette smoke , drunk , and seeking some greasy awfulness . the clientele can get belligerent but i think this is all part of the fun . its a den of shame - bask in it , put something on the jukebox , and relax ... or do n't go here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ummm , we 're pretty sure my boyfriend got food poisoning here . that was the last thing we had eaten for hours , and the next morning he definitely had eaten something bad after waking up ... yikes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "conveniently across the street from upmc shadyside hospital . great service and down home atmosphere is hard to beat . had the liver and onions which came with choice of potatoes , veggies , and a hard roll . normal person portions and with a coffee came to less than ten bucks . food was n't anything to right home about , but a nice experience , convenient location , and open 24 hours . cash only , but there is an atm machine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ritter 's is definitely one of the best diners in pittsburgh . the bacon is on point , chili is good , fried green tomatoes is bomb , and my personal favorite is the honey-dipped fried chicken , which is the best i 've had in this whole city . at one time , they were open 24 7 , but this is sadly no longer the case . their pies and milkshakes are worth trying too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad steak , eggs & homefries ( real good ) . rye toast . water tastes like rust but had oj grapefruit mix . typical diner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fantastic service , incredibly inexpensive , surprisingly tasty - that pretty much sums it up . as long as you come here knowing it is a cheap diner and not expecting something different , you will enjoy your experience . i had the spinach and feta omelet with tomato , which came with a side of hashbrowns . each of these was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ritters has been serving food 24 hours a day much longer than i 've been alive and are still around so they got ta be doing something right , and they are . typical of diners , they have a huge menu complete with your diner staples to some unexpected dishes like spanakopita . their service is fast and gritty by girls in scrubs . their food comes out just fast . the quality of the food is above average for diners and definitely better than chain restaurants . i 've had the whole gamut of their breakfast food with the buckwheat pancakes being particularly tasty . the eggs are usually cooked correctly as well . i 've also tried the chili cheese fries that were glorious after a night of jovial celebrations . i do n't however recommend steak , a friend ordered it and as expected it was not good . if you stick to he staples , it 's hard to find better diner food in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when the subject of diners in pittsburgh comes up , one thinks first of pamela 's . ritter 's came as a recommended alternative and i was pleased to discover it . on a weekday morning , ritter 's was not at all crowded for breakfast . i ordered the two eggs breakfast with scrambled eggs . it came with breakfast potatoes , sausage and rye toast . service was friendly and quick , with unlimited coffee . all was good and in generous quantity . i must note the link sausage was of a more generous size than often encountered . the offstreet parking lot is brilliant . the menu is quite reasonably priced . ritter 's accepts cash only . an atm is on the premises .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "iconic diner so i 've been told and the proof for me today was the fact that the parking lot was packed and there were at least 10 of us standing outside in line waiting in the rain for our turn at breakfast ! that says something either about the diner or about us ( nevermind ) . the line went fast and we had friendly and efficient service from our server , typical diner fare and what i expected . it filled my stomach and i was happy . i ordered french toast , bacon and orange juice -- nothing fancy . note that they do not take credit cards .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is exactly what it should be : good greasy spoon diner food . bougie foodies with high expectations stay calm ! i 've only had good food here , and i always leave stuffed and satisfied . the greek hobo omelette is my absolute favorite . if you get coffee , the only way to get the most bang for your two plus bucks is to get a few refills while you 're there . other than that , it 's pretty much what you 'd expect from a diner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped into ritters this afternoon with family for lunch . i 've been there a number of times , and recognize it has its niche as a pgh institution ... but wow ... service , people . the service today sat so far below the threshold for quirky , distinctive personality or anything ... it was simply dismal . the waitress was absent mostly , served an outdated milk to my grandson , we had to wait forever for drinks or refills , our food ... and the food was passably okay , at best . ritters may be a pgh institution , but this is the sort of experience that leads to `` darn shame what happened '' , `` used to be great '' and `` we do n't go there anymore '' .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible excuse of a slop house . dont eat here ! ! food recooked and disgusting . there are many other choices on the pittsburgh area . do not make the mistake and eat here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 've lived in or around pittsburgh for more than a year , you should know ritter 's . we 've gone there for early morning breakfasts , late night snacks , super late night meals and lunch . all good all the time . a lot of what they serve is homemade . they have a lot of greek dishes , but you will find mostly diner food . my favorite ... the fried chicken ! ! ! the dinners are inexpensive , come with 2 sides and taste great ! they are a cash only establishment , so be mindful of that before you walk in . they do have an atm there if you forget . the wait staff are really friendly-you can tell they have been there for years . they know everyone ! ! check it out ! you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst food in pittsburgh . that 's all . i have been there twice , never my choice , i had tummy ache both times . i think the food is boring . do n't get me wrong , i have no problem with non-gourmet food , but ritter 's , is just `` blah '' . it also was an unclean feel at times when you are seated and you look around . they are cash only also . that does n't both me at pamelas , because the food is oh so delish . here , you are just wasting you apetite on food that has tons of rooms for improvement .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a typical diner but i was less than impressed . i went there for breakfast and the food was what i expected , okay but nothing to write home about . the wait staff was pretty moody and not very helpful . i ordered an ice tea that was absolutely rancid-cloudy , tasted awful , and had most likely been made the week before . pancakes were ok ... but that 's really all i can say about this place ... there are too many other great places to go with nicer servers in the area than to return to here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "breakfast , breakfast , breakfast ! ! ! i 've been here many times over the years 90 % of which i 've ordered breakfast . diner breakfast easily excites me and this place hits the spot ! ! home fries over hash browns and if my bacon bends and not breaks , then you can get from me ! i do n't think i 've ever had a bad experience here . i love it here any time of day from early a.m. when the seniors are here to after hours when the drunks are here lol . thanks for many delicious meals , ritters , and hopefully more to come : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we waited 40 minutes for our breakfast and when i asked the waitress if it was coming soon , she just said probably not . it was sunday at 1:00 , not particularly busy . then she gave me the bill for $ 5 for the coffee . i told the cashier how we did n't even get our breakfast and was n't happy , she just said you 're not the only one . do n't know i 'll be back for a while , too many other good breakfast places around .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went to ritters back in the 70 . the food was good .just went back 2 weeks ago what happend .the food was not so good when was the last time they cleaned there coffee pots back in the 70 would not go back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have to show ritter 's some love . i 've been here more than 3 times in the past few months and the service each time has been exceptional . it 's old fashion , but there 's something comforting about it . the coffee is very good , freshly served and hot ! the food is served promptly , fresh and hot . i 've ordered the fish sandwich twice , along with fries and once with onion rings . the fish is crisp and not too battered up . the hoagie roll was soft and lightly toasted . they also have the best cheesecake . the portion are generous as well . i always enjoy the food and visits here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sometimes at four in the morning you need a place to eat , and , for that purpose , ritters does its job . otherwise the food is pretty mediocre . remember if you can after a long night out that this establishment is cash only . you are never going to get great service here , and for the most part at night when the entire place is packed full of belligerent drunks why should you ? the waitstaff does their job : takes orders , brings out the food , and refills your drinks , but do n't expect much more and surely do n't expect to have all your requests pampered . i feel bad for the waitstaff who have to deal with drunks all night , especially on the weekend . this is a pittsburgh landmark , nice diner vibe , and a place where i will always have great memories . though the food is pretty mediocre and slightly overpriced for the quality i will always keep coming back here out of nostalgia .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "at 2am on a weekend night , the clientele is colorful , the service friendly and the food ... well just forget about the food . the food ranges from mediocre to bland . just be grateful there is a colorful place to go for a late night meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "old school diner experience . alright food , decent service , super busy sat sun am-noon . classic layout and atmosphere -- from the huge eat in bar area to the waitresses wearing nurses outfits .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't know what it is ( certainly not the food ) but i love this place ! perhaps it 's the individual juke boxes , the pie , the sassy waitresses , the 24 hour availability , or the fact that everything here seems to be a hang over cure but i just can not get enough ! i used to live up the street from here and this was definitely my weekend morning hot spot ! the food is pretty standard diner food . i 've never come here late at night ( and probably would n't want to ) but in the mornings ritter 's is definitely a fantastic spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is like being in a movie about a diner minus the fake quality . awesome people watching . i recommend the fried green tomatoes and the hot brown . these might be okay in the light of day . other things , not so much .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ritters is where i go for diner food when i do n't want to wait at pamela 's or it 's an off-hour time . standard diner fare but with a greek twist . i very much like the stuffed grape leaves and the spinach and feta omelette . i have n't sampled much else on the menu because i 'm vegetarian and the dinner options are limited in that regard . on a different note , i find the diner atmosphere to be a little depressing . the interior could use some cleaning and sprucing up . additionally , several times i 've been there the table has smelled strongly of cleaning product , which is not very appetizing . i would really like to give it 3.5 stars , but that 's not an option .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "even though it is close to some hotels , this establishment seems to cater mostly to the locals , which usually means good value . we were pleasantly surprised by the quality of food . the cod was especially fresh . friendly waiting staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went back today . got the diner burger ( 4.95 w fries ) , and a coke ( did n't have pepsi ) . when i went to the register , the price was 9.42 - a 1.42 more than i had ! i told the lady that i would return with the change , but still . there 's no way that the price should have been that high ! unless the soda was $ 3 , that 's ridiculous ! i 'm assuming that they put a tip on the bill . they should n't force things like that . the food is good and all , but the money issue left a bad taste in my mouth .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ritters can best be described as classic . i have been avoiding this place because the last time i was here - it was smoking - and this place was a smokey diner . but on sunday we wanted breakfast and it was after 2pm so ritters was really the only choice . glad i returned - much better that i remember . this is a diner , with diner food and diner prices . but i still think it deserves 5 starts because it does a great job of just being ritters . i could reiterate why it is a classic but the other reviews do a great job of detailing why ritters is ritters .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have grown to love thee ! ! always spot on ! always a seat ! no wait ! really have been going there a ton as of late and can not complain.the bill is always under 20 bux for 2 people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i literally just got robbed by the fucking cock . by cock i meant cook but there is n't spell check on yelp and it 's funny so anyhow . i was using their shitty tabletop jukeboxes that are always wonky but kitchy enough to keep trying anyhow cuz sometimes you get lucky and springsteen knows the words you need at 3:30am on easter sunday when your mom does n't even wan na hang out . the quarter got stuck per ushe and i hit it . ka-ching ! ! ! ! out came like 9 quarters ! ! ! nine ! but then the cook came over and made me give them to him . atleast i told him that 75 cents was mine so atleast i 'm leaving up but dang that 's fucked up and while i will always love this place i will never forget the night i got robbed by the cock at ritters . i did n't misspell it that time ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had lunch . i think everything is good there . got a lamb gyro , a good alternative to burgers . great wait staff very friendly but not in your face `` friendly ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joyce was a great server . she took great care of our party of 7 and was very personable . cheap , average diner food . you can have subpar breakfast , lunch or dinner at any time of the day ! best consumed late night when nothing else is open . i probably would n't go out of my way to go here besides a late-night drunk snack .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just popped in to ritters for a late night dinner . it 's definitely a step back in time . shirley , our waitress , was really nice , funny and helpful . upon her recommendation we each had the hobo omelette which is filled with a gyro 's meat , toppings and sauce . it was excellent ! the side of home fries were crispy and delicious ! definitely give it a try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "- above average food - below average prices - spacious and uncrowded - free wifi - cash only", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here . had an upset stomach and wanted some plain toast and scrambled eggs and randomly hot chocolate ? who knows why . but came in and sat down at the bar around 930 , immediately was waited on and had hot chocolate in front of me in 30 seconds . ordered eggs toast and bacon at 934 and it was in front of me at 939 plus some classic breakfast potatoes for like $ 6 . awesome value . there was an angry guy a ways down the bar from me on the phone but it was more comedic than anything that he had the energy to be that angry in public so early in the day lol all in all great classic diner atmosphere and the waitress heather was really nice . solid pittsburgh breakfast joint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a throw back to yesteryear ... and a longstanding 412 institution . classic bloomfield denizens , o.g . jukebox , tight booths and formica table tops enhance the experience . there 's a large menu , but you can essentially build your own breakfast from french toast to omelets to various combos . nothing to write home about , just good ole breakfast blockbusters . add the endless cup o ' coffee and 24x7 schedule ( now only on weekends ) , and you 've got yourself a go-to diner for the yinzers . service was spot on , but as with any greasy spoon you will leave feeling rather grubby .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place to go if you need grease and carbs to soak up all of the drinking you 've been doing ! many a late night was spent eating grilled cheese with tomato on rye and fries , and only a few nights in the parking lot hanging onto the light pole for dear life while hurling up that last stoli v and ginger ! a great place to be drunk in , not so great to be hung over in ... they have your typical greasy spoon fare , so do n't go if you 're concerned about your health . otherwise , eat on brave soul , eat on !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the fried green tomatoes are delicious- just perfect . overall , such a fun , charming , and delicious diner with an extremely accommodating wait staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a diner . it 's what you would expect from a diner : decent food , friendly service , and reasonable prices . they keep the coffee coming , and your food is hot when you get it . i mean , really , what more do you want ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is great ; however , it is not open 24 7 . huge disappointment . it was late at night , went there thinking it is the only great restaurant that is open , but found it closed . why would you put a huge sign saying that the restaurant is open 24 hours , and on the other side it says it is only open 24 hours in wednesday , thursday , and sunday , but when i went there late at night in sunday , it was closed ? how confusing . it is not really that difficult to inform a customer of the opening hours . anyhow , i will probably still go there for breakfast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of my favorite dinners . the food was consistently tasty , and always had a great diner feel to it . even on a sunday afternoon , the wait was never too long for a table . the wait staff is definitely a bit old , but if you can find a good waitress , you 'll get good service . i recommend the spinach feta omelet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will always love this place , mostly because it is one of the few places open 24 hours a day where i can always get a bacon cheeseburger regardless of the hour . the price is always right , too . highly recommended ! cash only but they do have an atm inside . if you need separate checks be sure to mention it up front , though . our waitress was a tad rude when we asked her to split the cost at the register because she had already added it up and when she gave us change did n't even give us small bills . i might have cared more if the food was n't always so delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great diner ! ! 4am or 4 pm great food , workers are down to earth never bad service ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aw more memories ! many a very early morning late night meal at ritters ... food was always yummy ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "alright , i love this place . i lived in the area for a while and started to come here every morning . i even started to become a regular , and the staff memorized my usual order . it felt like home , and the food was great , especially for the completely reasonable prices . regarding the cash-only rule , it actually grew on me and i 've come to appreciate it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just writing this now because it 's funny but at the time it was n't . went to ritter 's many times because i am from bloomfield . once years ago while at breakfast with my sister , i went to put sugar in my coffee and out of the sugar shaker plopped a giant dried booger onto the spoon . ha ! ! ! ! ewwwww !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place to go at 3 am when your hammered and just want some food . ritters only takes cash and the service can be extremely terrible sometimes . however , they are open 24 hours and will serve you breakfast . i think they 've seen enough of their share of drunken idiots like us that they 're used to it by now . oh . did i mention that they are open 24 hours . awesome !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best diner in pittsburgh ( if you think it 's pamela 's then you are very , very wrong ) . i would n't recommend getting anything other than breakfast or maybe a burger , but those two things are more than enough for a 4 star rating . but maybe the best part about ritters is that the wait staff wears scrubs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our local diner for all the oakland students . the breakfasts are large and tasty especially for the price , but the food really is n't anything super special . that said , it 's a fantastic place to stop in on those late nights when you 've been out having a few and are in the mood for something greasy . service has always been friendly . biggest downside is that they only take cash , but you can use the atm they have on-site if necessary .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when you think of a diner , ritter 's is it . my favorite is the steak n ' eggs , but i also like the club sandwich & many other offerings . we used to be regulars years ago when we were in the area more often , but now it 's a special occasion kind of a stop . classic diner feel , great owners , gruff but sweet waitresses , etc . check it out\u010f", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst service , food and experience . went to the famous ritters with some friends to enjoy brunch and was immediately disappointed . the waitress took forever to give us menus and to get us our simple coffee 's , that were much needed on a saturday morning . after ordering , it took us an hour and 15 minutes to get our food , and the waitress did n't refill our drinks . our food was cold and we were not given enough simple items such as creamers , syrup , and butter , etc . my friend complained to the cashier in the front , and she did n't even apologize , she just said that `` we were not the only customers that told her that today '' . you would think they 'd do something about those comments then ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was some of the worst food i 've ever had . if this is someone 's idea of nostalgia , nostalgia is a term i 'd like to forget , and the reality is more like nausea . their greek soup ( tasted like campbell 's chicken noodle flavored with lemon ) and nasty lamb gyro douched with cucumber dressing will likely haunt me as long as i live . for anyone looking for a good nostalgic diner experience , i ca n't make a recommendation because i 've yet to experience one , but at least in this case , leave the past where it belongs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "zero , service was terible ... i know food i love food but i have honestly had better food out highway restaurant bathroom than what was served to me today .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "another pittsburgh institution . definitely a go-to place on the weekend . wee hours of the morning after a night at the club when you need cheese fries , pierogis or a giant omelette to get you to sleep . it 's like taking a step back in time with the table side jukeboxes in every booth , decor and staff attire . i can only imagine what the staff have had to put up with over the years . so many drunks , so little time . lol . this greasy spoon diner is a classic ; again great for late night munchies with friends as well as meal time with family .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ritters is , for me , the definition of a diner . if you go early an old grandmother will serve up a sloppy egg breakfast on plates that you ca n't be sure if they 've been washed more than twice . go late night and you can join drunk college kids and `` the ladies of the evening '' , just be warned that someone may have painted a section of the restroom with a fine layer of regergitated food ( `` hey , is that creamed corn '' ) . say what you will about ritters , it is a place full of character and full of characters . not to be missed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ritter 's might be one of the only true , old school diners left in pittsburgh . and i absolutely adore it . i get the impression that most of the waitresses at ritters have been employees for multiple decades , as well as most of the cooks . the food is classic hearty diner fare , the prices are low , and the ambiance is everything you could ask for , plus it 's open 24 hours a day . definitely worth a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here for a casual brunch and were pleasantly surprised . service was slow as we expected , but we were n't really expecting much so i guess it did n't make that much of a difference . they did n't have the fried green tomatoes that we wanted to try ... oh well . the food we did get made up for our brief disappointment . we had the greek hobo omelette ( how could you not want to try something called a greek hobo omelette ? ? ) with feta cheese , as well as a stack of buckwheat pancakes . the omelette was really flavorful , and actually tasted like a greek gyro as stated in the description , especially with the yummy tzatziki sauce . the home fries were awesome - perfectly crispy browned layer . buckwheat pancakes were pretty decent as well , and the syrup was nice and buttery . we left glad that we had decided not to wait in line at pamela 's !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been going to ritters diner since i was a small boy and now i take my own son . ritters is the best diner in the city of pittsburgh by far ! it not only has the best home fries in the world , it offers tasty greek food as well . burgers are only like 3.75 or something ... . where can you beat that ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is a blast from the past ! the setting brings you back to an old school diner . i am not a fan of the food . the food was just okay . i got chicken fingers , and my girlfriend bought some chicken entree . both meals looked like they were just microwaved . the staff was great though ! it is important to know they are a cash only restaurant . while this is not my favorite restaurant , i would recommend if your looking for an old fashioned american meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "people call it `` critters '' for a reason . the two times i 've been there i was unhappy . it 's cheap , but the food is also gross and you do n't get much of it ( thank goodness ! ) . very small toast , cold hard pancakes , and adequate dippy eggs was what i received last time i went . oh , cash only too .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "late nite meal . gyro was a bit dry . coleslaw and fries were great . rice pudding was great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a pittsburgh classic . many , many late nights have i spent here , post strike party , or any other type party , eating the grease necessary to fight off the hangover i deserved the next day . the waitresses are part of the ambiance . love their reuben .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , great service . only thing i do n't like is that the majority of the jukeboxes do n't work !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i mean come on . this is how it 's supposed to be done . this diner is everything it should be and nothing it should n't . is the food the best in the city , no . but it 's not trying to be . it 's delicious though and done just the way you expect . people know each other 's names . the atmosphere is second to none . it 's all family . feels like home and i 've only been to pittsburgh 4 times in my life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing little diner ! my girlfriend and i went here one night a bit after midnight for some late breakfast . it was just like my small town diner . huge array of different food on the menu . polite waitress , they do n't take card but there is an atm here . try the peanut butter pancakes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sometimes it is not easy to find places that open late on weekdays so i can meet up with friends for a night cap up in the burbs . alice fazooli 's was perfect as the kitchen stays open till 11:30 pm . as we were the only table there , our service was really attentive . spaghetti with meatballs and some drinks , a perfect and simple night snack as i love eating pasta any time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the restaurant is going threw a change however , i really do appreciate the quiet environment it had to offer . the food is great but the desserts are just to die for . our table always orders the cheese cakes with lots of sauce and the cannolis ! the caesar salad is full of garlic so watch out if your on a date night ... servers are amazing ! take advantage of their deals during the week and sign up to their loyalty program for 10 $ off and a birthday 10 $ off as well ! overall great place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had two private events at this location on the same day . one lunch for about 45 and one dinner for about 30 . the private room they have seats about 40 comfortably . the management team was great to work with . prices were very reasonable . food selection and quality was great . there are a few items for improvement . the waitress for the lunch seemed pretty stressed . she was excellent and worked really hard for us but i was worried she was going to quit . for the dinner - the waiter started taking orders in the middle of the presentation . that was kind of a pain and distracting for both the presenter and the audience . overall - if you 're running an event - highly recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , that was a first . i 've been using opentable for a couple years and no restaurant as ever failed to register me as honoring the reservation . alice fazooli 's did n't . please beware when reserving with opentable for this location . when you check in , double check your opentable arrival has been acknowledged . other problems . my date and i both ordered the porterhouse steak . mine was cooked to my order : medium rare . my date requested medium well . her 's came out medium rare as well . the waiter took it back for a bit more grill time . meanwhile my meal was getting cold ... the steak itself was chewy and unpleasant . the waiter suggested the steak with the red wine sauce . it was a mistake to go with his suggestion . it pretty much tasted rank . really , really disappointed with this location . try earl 's next door or visit the better managed location in downtown toronto .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i took my wife to be on our first date here . love the food and also the atmosphere . everything is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here yesterday with family . we accidentally missed our reservation time but the host was great and the place was empty at the time so we lucked out . the ambiance is nice , we were seated at a large table in the back . to start off we got a pitcher of the bianco sangria which was delicious ! i got the chicken caesar salad . yes i was that person who got salad as an entr\u00e9e . but it was good . the chicken was grilled , fresh and the lettuce was nicely dressed . we also got the atomica pizza , salmon , and butternut squash ravioli . the atomica was a delicious thin crust pizza with tons of toppings . the person who got this definitely liked it . the salmon had a crispy crust and was nicely seasoned . it came with risotto which was a bit too creamy . but still delicious . and the butternut squash ravioli was sweet with a creamy sauce . the people who shared this dish enjoyed it as well . overall , it was a great meal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "alice fazoolis has been hit and miss since they ventured from downtown and hit the big box scene . the consistency of quality is sometimes an issue . at this location i have had mostly good experiences . i particularly like the chicken marsala and the alfredo linguine . someone with us got a butternut squash soup to start . i tried it and it shocked me how good it was . diverse flavour profile and just a enough cream . i was also able to take advantage of yelps check in deal . my wife also used hers and our table got two orders of crispy ravioli .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here with a group of people last night and it was really great . 1st : we did n't have to wait in line and were seated immediately ( we first tried going to milestones and the wait was too long ) 2nd : our server was wonderful . we were all ordering desserts and or drinks and we had a lovely time . we could hear each other speak and had a wonderful server . if you are in the area and need a place that will accommodate a large group i highly recommend checking out this restaurant . i just had a drink so i ca n't rate the food but everyone had a good time : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came here for savour york region and also because there was a deal on gift certificates on their website . we have been to this location once before and used yelp to create a reservation . we were here on the last evening of savour york region , and this place was kind of dead . there were very few patrons . we ordered the calamari and the pea and pancetta soup . the calamari is always a good choice for appetizer . the soup was not that good in my opinion . for entree , we ordered the chicken cacciatore and the the tilapia . both were pretty decent . not the best chicken or tilapia that i 've ever had , they were both a little overcooked . for dessert we ordered the tiramisu and the ciambelle . tiramisu is always good . the ciambelle was n't good . they were more like beignets .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went there on a wednesday evening with some friends from work . the food we had was good , but , for the price , i would have expected a little more quality and taste . the desert was what disappointed me the most . i had their caneloni and they were not the best i ever had . on the other hand , one of my friend had a cheese cake ( for 8 $ ) that was really good . the place was really clean and i liked the decor . in the end , i felt that this place was slightly overpriced , but it can be a good place to meet people or organize an office party .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no respect for this restaurant . the female manager is rude . they always would make my grilled cheese with avocado and goat chesse for me . now all of a sudden they are not going to for no reason at all . the manager was rude when she told me and said she doesnt care if i dont come back . thats not how you treat a customer . they do not care about the customers at all . do not waste or time . go to another location like richmond hill .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lovely environment and good food . great service . they fixed my food even though it was my fault because i had forgotten to ask for something ! they still fixed it and made it a lovely dinner for me ! : ) will definitely go back and highly recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with my girlfriend , the atmosphere was a bit confusing . kitchen looks a bit dated , hippie chandeliers in the dining area.. but seating and walls have more of a contemporary feel . staff was pleasant - but nothing special . we ordered a pitcher of sangria which was great ! calamari to start , chicken marsala with a side of linguine alfredo & a small atomica pizza with side caesar salad . all i could say is : garlic ! alls i know is , if any vampires come around ; i 'm safe . do n't go to alice fazoolies before a job interview or social gathering !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went with a large group . waitress promptly served up the free crispy raviolis after yelp check-in . a few pieces were under-baked . very slim fillings inside the raviolis , but it tasted like an addictive snack , with a tomato based dipping sauce on the side . i have n't had alice fazooli 's in at least 5 years because my first impression of the restaurant was that it was overpriced and the food was meh . this recent experience reaffirmed my previous experience . minus the bread because they did n't serve bread this time . they charge 17 % gratuity for large groups .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we came here for date night , absolutely disappointing . we waited for almost an hour for our food . the server forgot to put in the order for our appetizer and she was missing the majority of the time , i had to go look for her and ask about my order . my chicken marsala was terrible , the chicken was rubber , the linguine was dry , and the `` vegetables '' is just green beans nothing else , at least add some salt to it . my boyfriend order the spaghetti and meatballs , not enough sauce , and for $ 20 the potion is way too small . he also got a mojito , it definitely sucked . all i got ta say is i 'm never coming back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife , kids and myself had a great dining experience here . my wife loved the gluten free penne arrabbiata . my daughters loved the children 's menu pepperoni pizza with drink and dessert . my son and i split the italian butchers pizza it was thin crust and tasted good . and to top it all was the free appetizer after yelping alice fazooli 's we initially ordered crispy ravioli and then received a free order message on yelp after my first time checking in at vaughan location all said with the coupon and non alcoholic drinks for everyone without tip came to just under $ 65 . we would definitely eat here again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a very quiet place , compared to jack asstor 's next door . more suited for a date or a dinner with family so you can actually have a conversation and hear the other person . got some drinks last night - 2 rum and cokes & a rye and ginger . at first glance upon arrival we thought they were huge . but after sipping it tasted like just a glass of coke . could n't taste any rum at all . and that 's not me being picky at all .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was a quiet saturday when we checked in . the service was attentive . both of our ravioli dishes were perfectly al dente and tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here . the service was very good but the food was just average . would i go back , sure . worth a try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "since the menu change it has n't been that good . the cheesecake is really good tho and patio seating is nice !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered the chicken parmigiana with spaghetti and tomato sauce.also the calamari to start with . halfway through my meal , i had to run to the bathroom and i had diarrhoea . sorry for being gross but thats what happened . this wasnt my first time here at this place but it was def my last just cause of the experience . the food was good though , but unfortunately due to the unpleasant experience i had it was not so good . so we paid for the bill without finishing it ( obviously ) and i went to go buy some pepto bismol .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped by for late night ( after 10pm ) eats with a group of friends . pretty conveniently located off the 400 with lots of sister restaurants near by service was fast and portion sizes were average . solid overall , but not spectacular", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a let down ! ! ! i give it a two because of the calamari and fried ravioli but read to find out why ... .not because of the taste . the whole night the server was missing . maybe he was too busy fixing his man bun or something ? ? ? ? our drink order was taken sooo late . my apps took forever . he was missing in between drinks and food and was too busy disappearing ... .like a magician performing the same boring act again and again . first of all be sure to check in : you get a treat ... .hint hint it starts with 'fried ravioli ' . that is always a nice surprise . my friend wanted fried calamari so the chef was nice to make that for us . thank you for that . food was ok in the end but lacked in mouth watering flavours . but the extensive wait the entire night was too much . we were thirsty and hungry too often . we did n't even bother with main dishes . service makes a world of a difference", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well i changed my usual saturday brunch place and decided to go this place . i was greated by a waitress and she directly took me to the bar area . she did n't even ask me where i would iike to be seated . probally coz i had a 2 yr old and she did n't want us sit in the dining room because of that . not cool . news for you.. i am not coming back to you guys and non of my friends after this . at the table the other sever was nice and friendly . and i really appreciate the fact that she acknowledged my special request for making sure that food does n't have any meat content . however the pizza she got me was dead cold and the pasta was okay too . two stars only for the server ... food was below average i have had better pizza at pizza pizza . for that price i expected a little more .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was in the area and came here as an option . was happy to celebrate a birthday here , and was content with the service . it was pretty dead so the service was great , not sure how it would be if it 's busy . i was happy with the food , and i am not a big fan of fast food restaurants . would return again here but not anytime soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here during lunch and the place was pretty empty . the place is huge and offers a verity of seating . over server provided good service and was quite friend as well as knew the menu . i ordered their pacific red snapper - pan-seared pacific red snapper filet with red chili butter , roasted potatoes , seasonal vegetables . the meal was great the portion size was a little small . overall decent experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm glad i came here , the servers are super friendly and welcoming . our meals were amazing and we were also able to receive the complimentary fried spinach ravioli , which was so good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was a little surprised at the prices , considering it 's a chain restaurant . the food was okay , but certainly nothing special . like i said , it 's a chain . i did like the decor . it was a nice place to enjoy a drink or dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had to wait 30 mins more than our reservation time , so defeats the purpose of reserving the table . the food and ambiance is just average . `` we ran out of hot sauce tabasco '' is the first time i ever heard in the restaurant of this size . the service was really slow , and overall had an average experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible food , horrible service whenever my family decides on where we should go to eat we joke and say alice fazooli 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the ambiance is cozy and elegant and the food is great.they bring you a basket of warm bread to dip in a plate of olive oil , italian herbs and balsamic vinegar . the pasta was great ! i would definitely go back and recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dieser restaurantbesuch wird uns noch l\u00e4nger in erinnerung bleiben . mein mann und ich haben beide ein gericht mit salatbeilage bestellt . der salat \u00fcppig auf einem viel zu kleinen teller lieblos aufgeschichtet . es war fast nicht m\u00f6glich den salat w\u00fcdevoll zu essen . was ich immer auch als schlechtes zeichen anschaue , ist der pfefferstreuer auf dem tisch statt eine kleine pfefferm\u00fchle . dann kam der hauptgang mit einer total versalzenen so\u00dfe , bei mir sauerkirschenso\u00dfe bei meinem mann trollingerso\u00dfe . die sauerkirschenso\u00dfe war salzig und s\u00fcss ohne gew\u00fcrze , die trollinger so\u00dfe war nur salzig . es hat nur widerlich geschmeckt . wir haben reklamiert , dazu kam die ausage , dass es den anderen g\u00e4sten immer schmeckt . die bedienung hat dann die t\u00f6pfchen mit in die k\u00fcche genommen . die trolligerso\u00dfe wurde dann mit viel sahne abgemildert , die sauerkirschso\u00dfe habe ich danach gar nicht mehr probiert , da mein geschmacksnerv schon rebellierte . die bedienung hat uns dann anschlie\u00dfend ingnoriert , wir mu\u00dften sehr lange warten bis wir unsere rechnung bezahlen konnten . fazit , lieblose fastfoodk\u00fcche . nie mehr , da ist jeder euro zu schade .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wir waren mir einer gesellschaft von 20 personen dort . es wurden z.b . der beilagensalat berechnet obwohl bei dem vorgespr\u00e4ch zugesichert wurde , dass dieser beim hauptgang im preis mit dabei sei . so hatten dann 2 kleine schweinemedallions mit pfifferlingen und buttersp\u00e4tzle samt salat 19,40 \u20ac gekostet . ein echt stolzer preis , f\u00fcr so wenig fleisch . des weiteren sind wird im rittersaal an zusammengestellten gartentischen gesessen . wir waren das erste und letzte mal dort .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "das h\u00f6finger schloss wurde mitte august dieses jahres wieder er\u00f6ffnet . das restaurant , und die tische waren sch\u00f6n dekoriert . ( momentan herbstlich mit k\u00fcrbisen ) als wir da waren war es ziemlich ruhig , da nciht viele g\u00e4ste da waren . der kellner war sehr freundlich . das essen . es gab einen `` gru\u00df aus der k\u00fcche '' lachstatar mit brot und eine art frischk\u00e4se , den vorspeisensalat und als hauptessen das h\u00f6finger schlosspf\u00e4nnle ( 16,50\u20ac ) und tafelspitz mit pfifferlingen ( 15,50\u20ac ) . alles war sehr lecker , an den sp\u00e4tzle war ein tick zuviel salz , wobei mir das erst sp\u00e4ter aufgefallen ist . serviert wurde in kleinen t\u00f6pfchen , was bei mehreren leuten schnell etwas eng am tisch werden kann , daf\u00fcr kann man besser die anderen gerichte mitprobieren . weder auf getr\u00e4nke noch essen mussten wir lange warten . ich finde das restaurant sehr empfehlenswert , und war bestimmt selbst nicht zum letzten mal dort .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "preis leistung stehen in keinem angemessenen verh\u00e4ltnis . die qualit\u00e4t ist mittelm\u00e4\u00dfig und der preis eher gehoben . die so\u00dfen schmecken nach fertigware , das fleisch war fad . die beilagen ( pommes , sp\u00e4tzle ) waren nicht besonderes . das servicepersonal ist freundlich , was man von der chefin nicht behaupten kann .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. thomas alfreda is very professional & has a fabulous bedside manner . he puts patients at ease . his knowledge is impressive , & if he is n't sure , he will research for needed information , often right there during your visit . if it takes longer , dr. alfreda does indeed get back to you , personally . dr. alfreda is attentive & a good listener , as well as accessible . he does his best to treat your whole person , not just current symptoms . there are staff members , though , that do leave a little to be desired . however , if dr. alfreda is aware of the problem , he will go to great measures to correct the situation to the best of his ability . i feel truly blessed that he is my physician ! i trust him completely with my care & the care of my loved ones !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me be clear : i would give dr. alfreda 100 stars if i could . he is an absolutely amazing doctor . sadly , i no longer go this practice due to the awful office staff . they never return calls , it takes practically a private investigator to reach them , and when you are there they are not friendly , at all . i really wish dr. alfreda would revamp his office , because he is a physician unlike any other . however , since i do n't have any serious medical issues and only go for preventative healthcare , the wait times and demeanor of the staff is not worth it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really loved dr. alfreda but will never be returning due to his awful list of staff from the receptionist to the medical assistant . they are all so rude to you and the receptionist will belittle you . good luck keeping patients if you 're going to have horrible employees . hopefully i can find a great doctor to replace him soon because my health is more important than a receptionist who hates her life .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife went to see dr. izadmanesh , based on a referral from summerlin hospital . went in on a friday for an x-ray , and waited over a week for results , even though my wife left four messages for an update and callback from dr. izadmanesh . the doctor and staff were unresponsive and did not return any calls . nearly impossible to speak to someone on the phone due to their automated voice system . will never use this office again and would not recommend them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love dr. whipple he is always attentive and takes the time to listen to my concerns . he really cares about his patients . the only bad side is that there usually is a long wait time but when is n't there at a doctors office . the wait is worth it . his staff is always very pleasant as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr david rosenstein does n't appear to give a damn about his patients . after we waited for like an hour to see him , he saw my boyfriend for like a few minutes and left the room to get his assistant to write up a referral . did n't even bother to write down anything that was said to him . no exam-at least pretend . nothing ! showed no compassion . i feel most doctors are in it for the wrong reason . maybe , our healthcare system only promotes co-pay collecting , high volume , in & out kind of care . sad really ! if anyone has a good primary care physician they would n't mind sharing , please put it on here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the doctors are good but the office staff is very unprofessional . i have been waiting for 2 months for them to get my prescription approved . i have been calling one to two times per week to no avail . most times i am told someone will get back to me by the end of the day . however , nobody ever calls . once i got a hold of someone , the office kept blaming the insurance company so i called them only to find out they had n't received a request for the medication.long story short if this is how they treat their patients you might not want to trust this place with your health .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a large practice with several doctors . i called around to many offices but wait times at other places werae several days . here i was sble to get an appointment for the next day , which was great . i saw dr. alfreda , who is really nice and personable . he spent quite some time with me and was very thorough . i am really happy that i found this practice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going here for several years to dr. whipple , he is a great thorough , friendly doctor . the staff however is not as friendly , and waiting time is about an hour to an hour and a half . trying to get the nurse to call you back is a joke too , so that 's why i only give it 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "meh.. not outstanding , not a great environment , not great staff . dr ghadishah is friendly enough and does take time to listen . wait time is unacceptable ( 90 mins ) . very average ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dr. thomas alfreda is a friendly doctor who will work with you for your health needs . his staff is friendly , cooperative , and competent . good people all around . it 's hard to be able to reach them for appointment or other needs , but they will respond .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. thomas alfreda is one of the most kind physicians i have ever encountered . he does n't always let me have my way , but we collaborate on my care . i trust him with the care of my loved ones and myself . sometimes i have to wait a little bit , but it is to be expected in a very busy practice , and there have been times he worked me in when i really needed to be treated , and perhaps someone else had to wait that time -- it all works out . he uses good clinical judgement and does what is right for the patient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when you call - you get voicemail 75 percent of the time . and then they do n't return your calls when you leave a message .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrible ! ! ! ! the wait time is unsatisfactory and the staff is miserable . perhaps the staff members are miserable because dr alfreda is scamming the elderly and hard working individuals out of their hard earned money . i went to dr alfreda because i saw good reviews online and i was looking for a new primary care doctor . i waited 45 minutes to see dr alfreda and when i finally did meet him , he was in a rush and performed a routine physical evaluation . he looked in my ear and said i had a small amount of wax , he then proceeded to take it out of my ear which took about 10 seconds and is a job a q-tip could have easily performed . one month later i received a bill for $ 75.00 for this so-called procedure . what a total scam ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great friendly staff that care and i am so grateful to find this place . i would recommend anyone looking for a good doctor to come here and see dr. alfreda . he is a great doctor who cares about his patients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr whipple is a really good doctor , but unless you 're retired and have all day to go to appointments , you might want to find another doctor . you will never wait less than 1.5 hours , and the staff is less than friendly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had an appointment today at 3:30 and was asked to come in at 3 to fill out paperwork because i am a new patient . i showed up at 3:04 , filled the paper work and was done with the paperwork @ about 3:20 . then was seen at 3:50 . after taking my pulse ox and bp , the doctor actually came to see me at 3:55 . overall , dr ghadishah was prompt and polite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i feel like a broken record with many of the other reviews . however , here it goes ! ! ! dr. alfreda is probably one of the best doctors i have ever had as a primary care physician . his demeanor is terrific , and he is attentive and seems to really care about his patients ... 10 stars if i could rate . the staff seems to be getting better especially the front desk . his assistants , the x-ray technician , and his nurses in training are great . now the negative . almost impossible to contact directly . 95 % of the time i get a voicemail . even then they never return my calls . finally it is difficult to get an appointment any earlier than one month in advance ... .sometimes two months or more . this problem is probably a testament to dr. alfreda 's popularity . if you have patience about seeing the doctor and dealing with their answering system then dr. alfreda is for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys were very helpful to our family in a very important time of need . my brother ali knew of him and made an appt . my nephew tripped over his bed and hurt himself . being a 12 yr old this is understandable to most parents . dr. ghadishah was beyond helpful . this is not a fake review . this is complete legite . he recommended us to a specialist for a mri to ensure that he is all fine . thank god everything turned out the way it did after such a silly and unnecessary accident . they recommended 2 weeks of rest due to the new approach dr. 's take regarding any injury related to the head .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. rosenstein is a great and personable physician . he always takes time with me , i never feel rushed . its always easy to get in with him for an appointment , usually within 2 days . i would recommend this practice and dr. rosenstein to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just love dr. thomas alfreda ; he is a very attentive doctor and takes the time to hear all of my issues . his staff is great and always helpful . he has a great bed side manor and really cares . i highly recommend him as a great family doctor . thanks dr . a ! ! ! glenn", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chop shop of medical care . better make an appointment 3 mos . in advance and hope you never have an immediate medical need . med . staff is very rude and non-caring . whipple definitely squeezing the charmin , but not very well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been a patient with them for over 20 years but they have lost me as a patient client . they were unwilling to work with me on some minor billing issues and actually sent me to collections instead of sending me the invoices . i will never use this group again and would not recommend them to any of my family or friends . i will find a new physician . very frustrating and upsetting that their customer service was so terrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not really going to review my care but will say i am a patient and i will continue to go here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr. rosenstein is caring , understanding , and listens . presently i 'm going through various tests to see how i 'm doing , something i have n't done in many years . i am confident that whatever we find that needs to be fixed along with other ideas for improving my life in general will happen . with dr. rosenstein 's help and knowledge , i just may get there . happy now he is my primary care physician .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "desperately looking for a new doctor and was lucky to find dr. rosenstein . he was very thorough during the initial visit ; he took the time to listen as i summarized my health history . in my experience , it is critical to come to such a visit fully prepared to paint a complete and accurate 'picture ' of one 's own health and discuss options by asking questions . i have since had a follow up and am quite satisfied with the service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rosenstein is uncaring and incompetent . he refuses to refill prescriptions . he put me through all kinds of expensive tests an never gave me any results . he even messed up my blood tests with no h1c results and i am diabetic . stay away , he is just a gouger and possible medicare fraud .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a senior citizen . i moved from hawai'i with the hopes of finding a high quality internist to care for my needs . i hit the jackpot in a town called las vegas . his name is dr. david rosenstein , and he saved my life . i had put off my health issues because of poor quality care i had received in hawai'i . needless to say , i exacerbated my ailments and dr. rosenstein has put me on a path to a life free of pain worry . he 's guided me gently yet firmly to take the steps to regain my health ; not in fear but with the knowledge i would be better , happier & healthier . a smile has returned to my face that has n't been there in a long time . when he talks to you he makes eye contact to make sure you understand all that he is saying . dr. rosenstein is the diamond in the desert of medical care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my first appt with dr. rosenstein . i was very nervous to say the least having not seen a doctor in over 5 years . he was very attentive while i discussed my medical history . he was extremely professional and very thorough and clear in everything that he was saying or doing . he made a very great first impression on me and i will definitely be using him as my primary physician moving forward .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr rosenstein is a vet patient thorough dr . he is very attentive , caring and kind . he thoroughly explains things and is patient with you and understanding . he gives you a thorough understanding of your diagnosis and relays it in terms that you can understand .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my physicians assistant tiffany is amazing ! ! she used to assist doctor izad but now assists dr . sinai . tiffany is very sweet personable and attentive she always makes me feel comfortable even i . the most uncomfortable situations and she 's always quick on her feet", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love doctor panikkar , she is the best doctor ever . she listens , cares , and is very professional . the office staff is horrible . try an make an appointment , you will never wait on hold less then 10 minutes . then when you finally get someone they are so unfriendly . when you go into the office for a scheduled appointment , no one greets you , staff never even addresses you , or looks at you like you are a human being . it 's really bad . then an assistant there `` b '' without saying her name , she can be so short , and rude . i always give everyone the benefit of the doubt , people have bad days , but when it happens more then once , different times then your opinion starts to change . they really need to carefully watch how there office is run , before they end up chasing away good , loyal patients . dr. 's are awesome , but be prepared office staff needs better courtesy training .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a laser hair removel treatment from tisha sudah here . she was amazing ! she took her time and i had no pain or discomfort at all , unlike other places techs i have gone to . i ca n't recommend her enough and the prices are very very reasonable . beats those other places that advertise just laser hair removal and then give you a quote that is out of this world crazy expensive ! thanks tisha !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have seen dr. robert whipple for many years . if you need a knowledgeable , experienced , most caring professional doctor , come see him . he 's not your average doctor , he wo n't be afraid to treat your health issues the way doctor 's should . he 's the best", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been seeing dr. ghadishah for 3 years now . awesome doctor i doubt you can find better in vegas . he knows what he 's doing , he listens and cares . i refuse to see anyone else . i see comments in here about the wait time . i have only ever waited more than 15 minutes a couple of times . this is vegas though expect a wait no matter where you go . also as far as the comments about waiting 3 months i have never a single time called to schedule an appointment and had to wait more than 3 days so that 's crap . a lot of times they offer to get me in the same day or next . dr. ghadishah nurse poe is the sweetest most amazing person ever . even if the dr is out of town they will do what ever they can to get you taken care of . best doctor i found in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the worst and most overpriced frozen yogurt i have ever had . tried two flavors and after finding them both appallingly disgusting ( i have been to other froyo places in the us that i liked ) felt obligated to buy something . so i got a mix of vanilla & cookies and cream . absolutely disgusting . my boyfriend took a bite and spat it on the street . also i grabbed one topping of a chocolate covered pretzel and it was so stale it was almost inedible . my cup was less than half full and it still weighed in at almost six dollars . buyer bewwaaaaaree", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fruit flies everywhere . dead ones on the counter . gross ! yeh to the food , but no to cleaniness !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yeh used to be better . the only flavour that 's good now is their original , ironically . the service is generally friendly . i find it expensive for what you get . go sit somewhere that 's not a chain on this street packed with great dessert options .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "phenomenal service , and a beautiful salon , i highly recommend this studio . we have been in az for almost three years now , and i have struggled to find a steady stylist that i trust . i was recently introduced to the owner , and had the fortune of getting into her salon for a cut . i was impressed the minute i walked in , the salon has a very elegant ; yet maintained a relaxed feel . everything is new , and state of the art , with a real cosmopolitan design . willow ( the owner ) was my stylist , she was incredibly meticulous and took the time to talk me through what cut i expected , and made many detailed recommendations . she took her time and her attention to detail is obvious ! i left with the best cut i have had in three years , and willow will be my only stylist as long as we are in az . i highly recommend you try this salon - the entire staff is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great haircut on my first visit to this salon . pretty typical scottsdale price and a nice location . definitely worth a try if you do n't already have a place you count on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes . yes . yes . best cut and color i have ever had . great shop with friendly down-to-earth staff . i hate being pampered with services but loved it and the ambiance here . true blonde not the phony bleached-out kind . i like blonde on me but i saw other clients with great other natural - looking colors too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got a great haircut from selena at willow hair design . it 's a really nice place , cool vibe , and great people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an amazing new salon ! i had an excellent experience - willow is an awesome hair stylist . she is very knowledgeable and gave me a great cut ( and i can be very particular : ) i also purchased several products from their new italian line , which is superb . i love the brand new , state of the art space . the spa room with massage chairs are quite relaxing . they also are a green salon , which i 'd never heard of before . they recycle all waste from salon products and contribute to offsetting their carbon footprint . very cool ! i absolutely recommend this salon to anyone looking for a great cut , superior service and is environmentally conscious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in to this adorable salon on a whim , looking for a blow out and hot tool style . before even walking in , they accommodated my last minute session with kindness . during my session , they made me feel welcome and took my requests very seriously . the professionalism at this salon was above anything else i 've seen at high end salons . i left feeling gorgeous and will definitely be returning . needless to say , i am one happy customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best experience i 've ever had in a hair salon . willow is a true hair professional and i could n't be more pleased with my cut and color ! willow made me feel beautiful again ! all the gals in the salon are wonderful . i had a blast , got a fabulous hair cut and also made some new friends ! ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ! i enjoyed the whole experience , from the amazing hair style to the wonderful atmosphere . both willow and mia are knowledgeable and very talented . the best testimony i can give is that my whole family will not go anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional , talented , and funny stylists . i recently moved from seattle and desperately needed a haircut so i decided to go to this conveniently located salon near my house . the location is fantastic , the prices are very reasonable ( especially considering their talent and experience ) and the atmosphere is very comfortable and relaxed . i loved the products they used in my hair to style and will be going back to purchase . outstanding experience , i ca n't wait to go back in 6 weeks for my next trim .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to a different salon for about 2 years ... i wo n't mention the name of it ( etch eww ) they kept screwing me up and like a dummy because i 'm such a dedicated person i kept going back ... well finally i gave up ! and i found willow ... and i fell in love with sarah ... sarah and willow were not only friendly but funny and amazing at what they do ! ! ! ! ! i promise on my mamas grave this is where imma gon na be gettin my hair did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a small office is tucked away off of sunset on whitney ranch . i was having a bit of some pain on my foot which has been troubling me for a while . i was n't sure what to expect when the doctor examined it . dr. fatkin was very friendly and professional . i felt really comfortable with his process . there was not any pressure to take various medications or have unnecessary procedures done . i truly appreciate that . like i said before , the office is small but it 's clean as a doctors office should be . i appreciate them keeping the appointments on time and efficient . thanks for the helpful suggestions that are already helping my foot pain less and less each day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my first time reviewing anything on yelp and i 'm doing so because dr. fatkin and his staff are so friendly and thorough ! once i filled out my forms ( you can have them e-mailed if you prefer , ) i was taken in immediately ! dr. fatkin takes the time to make sure he goes over everything you need to know , answers any questions you may have , and makes you feel comfortable . just to let you guys know , i 'm the type of person that if something goes wrong in my visit , i will not go back ! but , i was astonished with the service i received and have my follow up appointment . i have even recommended him to my mom and would continue to recommend him to others . a++++++ he is a must see for your foot and ankle pain needs = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in to reschedule an appt , the front desk girl told me her system was down but that she could give me a call to schedule the appt . i filled out the paperwork so i can speed up my process at appt time . she also told me the doc was gone for the week so it would be nearly 2 wks before i could see him . she never called to make that appt . i went somewhere else to get my foot checked out but it would have been really nice to have a podiatrist so close to home .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great doctor , friendly staff , no waiting and easy get a short notice appointment ! first doctor that i 've been to that was willing and wanting to explain in depth what was going on and what needed done to fix my problem . it 's nice to see that good customer service is n't dead !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finding a doctor to treat diabetic feet is an uncomfortable endeavor . well it was for me . i cringe when i look them and do n't exactly feel comfortable letting anyone else see them . foot care is essential for diabetics . i have also had not so great experiences finding doctors who stay in the area for any length of time . so it is a pleasure to write a review recommending dr. fatkin . aside from his skill and knowledge his personable approach and friendliness will make anyone feel comfortable . in order to make a profit most medical offices feel like fast food drive through windows . order , wait for twenty minutes and leave with the wrong condiments on your burger . so it can be when doctors do n't listen to you . do you know how you can tell dr. fatkin is listening ? he actually asks questions related to the information you share . this dr. is a gem . i am hoping las vegas keeps him for a long time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing famous or good about this place . much better shawarma in aurora . very disappointed with the food , it was cold tasteless and obviously not fresh .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was hoping a good shawarma place would open in the area . and it has happened with nick 's ! i got a chicken shawarma pita for lunch . it worried me a little that the chicken was n't being sliced off the spit but came from a little package and cooked on the flat grill . it smelled great though . they have all the classic ingredients as i know them for the sandwich - hummus , lettuce , tomatoes , pickled turnips , parsley , garlic sauce and hot sauce . although the pita was smaller than other places , it was packed full of taste ! the chicken was super tasty . it was delicious from beginning to end . i would definitely come here every time i have a hankering for shawarma .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best shawarma in ontario hands down , amazing staff run by family the owner is so nice and knows his food , if you want a real shawarma com here and do n't waste your time with all the other fake ones", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ever since the place changed ownership to a guy named mike the quality and quantity has both hugely improved . food now comes out hot and fresh , portions are good and justifies the higher price . is it the best shawarma you 'll ever have ? probably not . is it worth the price and will it give you as good time ? absolutely", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located not too far from my work , i tried this place a few weeks ago as i was tired of the usual stuff around the area and wanted something new . located in a strip mall ( beside the second cup ) this is a great place for dine in take out . it 's clean and there are enough tables to have a large family eat in . it 's not fancy , but it 's clean and not run down . i ordered the chicken shawarma platter - the chicken is grilled in front of you so you know it 's fresh . the meat is so juicy and flavourful . it 's definitely one of the better chicken shawarma 's i 've had in recent memory . the rice and potatoes ( my choices ) were cooked to perfection and were tasty . the portions are pretty decent and the prices are a bit high but the quality , taste and friendly service makes up for it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used to frequent this place for lunch a few years ago.. love love love the chicken shawarma . the garlic sauce is awesome . i went so often the owner knew my order . she 's very welcoming and very sweet , as is her husband ( other owner ? may or may not be her hubby ) check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "woohoo ! as good as it gets ! it 's a very good restaurant that you should try it out ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i pop by here every now and then for a lunch time bite close to work . the owners are great people and are very friendly . the food is always fresh and made-to-order . the prices are fair and the yummy food comes quickly . what more can i ask for ? !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one the best shawarma places i have eaten at ! i probably have this about 2 or 3 times a week and never disappointed ! the service is great and very friendly environment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come to nicks famous shawarma sporadically when i 'm working in the area . over the years i 've probably been here 15 times . every time i come it 's the same . in a good way . the owners are very nice and they always remember my order . they put together a great meal for a great price and i 'm always happy how it tastes . i have had shawarma in many places , and only one shawarma beats it ( gad in cairo , egypt . ) the owners are extremely friendly and the food is inexpensive , but great . what more could you ask for . stop in and try the chicken shawarma .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not very good food at all . just spent $ 35 on takeout and it 's all in the garbage . i 'm pretty sure the chicken was bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i love to go here whenever we find ourselves without kids . we love the shawarma platter . the owners are so friendly and they remember us . our kids have figured out that it is a great place also . love the garlic sauce and the hummus . yum . the sandwiches are good also and fresh . the chicken is grilled in front of you so it is definitely hot . love this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a delicious chicken shawarma platter when i passed by the other day . staff was friendly , food was fresh . pricing is a bit high , but quality is good . will visit again and try other dishes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this service is fantastic ! it 's like being a socialite or celebrity at a fraction of the cost . the stylist that i had in particular paid close attention to my likes and dislikes rather than just telling me everything looked good because they are paid hourly rather than by what you buy . definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gosh - i love working with stylists who can take the stress of me . i 'm the emotional shopper type - so when i actually have the time to go to the stores - my mood is hit or miss ! threads refined listens and actually styles you - you are the client . they are n't tied to any specific brands , this is why i trust them . thank you codie and nikki - you 're the best ! xo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing and affordable ... i hope to never waste my money buying clothes again that will just hang in my closet..i have a new permanent go-to stylist service..love it ! ! so pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tiny place , with really nice staff and delicious fresh food . they have a snack menu every night , and serve dinner thursday-saturday . the dinner menu last night was 2 apps and 2 entrees . basically , the chef goes to farmers markets that day and gets what 's fresh and designs a menu . we had green bean salad with duck confit and it was delicious . wine list is small but good choices , and not too expensive . they also have a great bourbon-ade ( bourbon and lemonade , my summer drink of 2010 ! ) i should mention the prices are low - i think the most expensive plate was around $ 14 . try this new place out , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are very nice people and it is a pretty little boite but the food is a bit horrifying . it is hard to keep a straight face as the server describes dishes that include items such as potted animal , duck yolks and hearts , broken hazelnuts , seared liverwurst and fermented radishes . we settled on the offal-free pasta but it turned out to be a great glop of gluey sludge . no flavour except for salt . lots and lots of salt . it was not a huge serving and we were quite hungry but could not finish it . as it cooled it got sludgier and sludgier and became almost impossible to swallow . the wine list is pretty limited . the whites range from sweet ontario plonk to sweeter ontario plonk . we chose one and it was served luke warm . we decided not to risk dessert and left hungry and a little drunk . next time beetlejuice comes to town , i 'll send him on over - but for the rest of us , non merci .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "odd little room filled with nic nacs often associated with grandma ( collectable spoons etc. ) . the servers ( owners i 've been told ) are knowledgeable and kind . a little chatty at times behind the bar ... . but as far as the food is concerned ... this place is a knock out ! started out with a few sips of fermented leek broth ( no spoon ) that delicately coats the palate with a sour kick that immediately balances with the sweet smokey flavour of paprika . the cured salmon dish with torn crispy bread was spot on and the simplistic approach to the lardo is unmatched in toronto ! both were very well done . for a main i had pasta with duck yolk set atop . mix and scarf ! gone faster than it took choose from the menu ( 6-8 items hand written on butcher paper hanging from the roll to be torn off and written anew the next day ! ) . maple cake with warm white chocolate foam was an enjoyable , light finish to a great meal ... guy at his best ( to date )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the pleasant decor of an upscale waiting room in `` north of 60 '' , savvy staff , and food that 's always groanily good . casual enough to just drop into , sweet enough for a romantic date . big fan . this review is about my most recent experience , which was brunch , and i 'm sorry because i used to hate everyone who ate when i served brunch . but sometimes you 're hungry on a weekend morning and a friend invites you out . the $ 18 pre-fixe brunch we had was : 1 . a gentle , hangover friendly , deep-stocked beany soup ( grandma style ) 2 . a v. well-balanced beef brisket eggs benny ( sauce=so good ) 3 . a happy apple turnover and a mimosa . you can always taste the gentle prep and the clean ingredients here , and i love that . nothing is ever too salty - a bonus on dehydrated sunday mornings . emotion aftermath : http : youtu.be newskx6djg4 ? t=5m1s a+ , painting of a heart , smiling dog , etc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place had a lot of hype to live up to ... it 's been bookmarked to try since it pretty much opened and i 'm glad that my partner reads my bookmarks each time he wants to take me out -- he calls this snooping -- i call it genius . so anyway , we went , we ate , we drank and we were generally impressed . we loved the casual decor and the more formal cuisine . we started with an anchovy , garlic white bean dip and continued on with the set four course dinner : vegeteble broth over diced root veggies with a smack of ham ... beef tartare with raw yolk and pickled carrots ... goose & drake raviloli -- pitched on the menu as the most romantic and unromantic of birds ... and then finally a brown butter bread pudding with rosemary infused white chocolate foam and a peach puree . also notable was that we watched twice as a couple of locals and then perhaps off duty employees came in to eat . now if that is n't a good reccomendation i do n't know what is ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed my meal here with my family . i ordered the roasted chicken and the flavours really jumped out at you . i tried a little bit of what was ordered and everything had quite distinguished tastes . good stuff if you are looking for some interesting flavours . the place is small as well as the menu . i guess it rotates on the regular so they keep things fresh and mix it up . if you are one of those peeps who orders the same thing on the menu every time you probably wo n't become a regular here . service was very good and the wait staff pretty knowledgeable about what they were serving . a nice little spot on the west end worth visiting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we found this place when we walked by going to another place - the old location of eat . the owners were n't open then , but we said we 'd come back . so o a few weeks later we did , and it was well worth it . the dishes are small , with a vegetarian slant . everything was really fresh and made with local ingredients . they also have a great cocktail menu with quite interesting takes on traditional cocktails . it was mostly the owners serving the night we were there , and they were welcoming and accommodating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first brunch at brockton general ! i 've been there for dinner and drinks a few times prior and always enjoyed myself ... so on a rainy sunday we thought we 'd check out what chef alexandra feswick had in store for our empty tummies : first off - prix fixe for $ 17 includes starter , main and alcoholic bevy of your choosing ! cappuccino - best i 've had in a long time . starters : beet & goat cheese salad and oats with maple syrup . perfect texture of oats , could eat a pot full if they tasted like this ... wish i could replicate at home ! mains - eggs benedict with bok choy and peameal bacon . best part of this was that it was served on toasted baguette , and the extra ingredient of bok choy added a delightful fresh taste to the dish . needless to say demolished my main and left the restaurant stuffed and happy . will return soon , very soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when the ice cream came it was completely melted . even though we had been waiting 20 minutes , the server did n't `` hear the bell . '' did i just happen to go on a bad day ? i do n't undertand why toronto life gave such rave reviews , or why it 's always packed when i walk by . yes , the food was good . but the service was slow . painfully slow . both my fiancee and i left hungry and vowed we 'd never go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very cute place -- my dining partner and i agreed that it felt like someone 's kitchen , what with the charmingly mismatched plates and impromptu menu ( written up each day on butcher paper and pinned to the wall ) . the limited menu has a great local influence ( the waitstaff are very good at explaining the provenance of the ingredients ) , but because it 's so small , there 's not much selection ( the night we went , they served one pork dish , one fish sandwich , and one vegetarian pasta ) . i 'll probably go back to see how the menu changes as the seasons progress , but the dining room 's a bit claustrophobic and i admit , i like going out to eat to be a bit of an event , which this does n't feel like .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i loved the atmosphere of this place . i love the changing menu , the friendly staff , the wine ... . i really wanted to love the food . and i did . but i did n't love that i left hungry . there were four of us in my group . we shared some beets , some starters , and each bought a main . but this was n't really enough food . if i went again , i would make sure i had a starter , main , and dessert all for myself ! but that can get a bit expensive , especially considering the small portion size . i would come here again - and order more food - but only for a special evening out !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went for birthday dinner with a group of friends . i have to say first off that the staff were great . however , i would describe the overall experience as `` listless . '' the place itself was non-descript . food was totally forgettable or worse . portion sizes were pathetic . the place should be renamed : `` meh . '' go to oenoteca sociale across the street instead , it 's in an entirely different class .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "loved my brunch ! the price fix brunch menu is a great deal for some really yummy food . portions are n't huge but they are reasonable , and the service was great . great coffee as well . very happy with my visit . will be coming back for dinner soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favourite restaurant in all of toronto . great food , great management and great service all around . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a cute little restaurant ! the kind of place i 'd like to own when i grow up . small , homey , decorated with great character , comforting dishes , and a great staff . the dynamic menu on the butcher paper roll is genius and fun , and pam , our server , what a sweetheart ( ninja turtle nails , you go girl ! ! ) ! favorite dish of the nite was a wheat berry salad with a soft egg on top . such a comforting overall experience that made me feel like i was over at a friend 's house who happened to have a well designed restaurant and could really cook a great meal . a lovely vacation gem indeed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious ! between us , we tried the black bean soup , fish cakes , burger , cod , and beet goat cheese pasta . all were really well made . the burger and pasta was a good size . the fish dish was a bit smaller than expected . the main complaint we have is that it was quite slow for the entire evening . but we were n't in a rush so that was fine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best places to eat in toronto . has a great layout and a small bar - always intimate but never crowded . rotating menu , but the amazing burger is a constant and comes with a free beer on fridays . also an awesome place to grab a drink and light fare ( they have olives on the menu ! ) . the cocktails are wicked - check out bournonade and their manhattan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came to brockton general with some friends to celebrate a birthday . it is a tiny , intimate space . the menu is short , so between the four of us , we sampled almost everything- my favourite kind of meal ! appetizers : the pork belly was way luxurious and rich , with poached peaches- lovely . oysters rockefeller : also very well executed , flavourful and perfect . the mains : black cod- was light and perfectly cooked , the burger ( i had envy ) smelled and tasted divine , served with thin , herbed crispy fries and the mushroom gnocchi- out of this world flavourful . for dessert i really enjoyed by berry crumble- not too big and not too sweet . the service was casual and warm . we had a great time . i would recommend this little spot to anyone . great for dates !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little restaurant on dundas west . cozy , charming and intimate . we pretty much ate everything off the ( ever-changing ) menu - appetizers , mains and dessert - and loved it all . cute space , lovely staff , great music . we 'll be back for sure . highly recommended for a nice night out . we 'll certainly be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ate here with three other people the other night . we each tried one of their speciality cocktails , i had the red headed stepdaughter and loved it . the others at my table also enjoyed their drinks . the menu featured just a few starters and mains , but the options sounded so good i had a bit of trouble deciding which to have . i had the trout rillette and chicken ballotine , both were very good . everyone was very satisfied with their meals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here a few times when it first opened and thought it was ok. from other people i know who 've been here , and probably from reviews , it seemed like a few things were off the mark to make us want to come regularly . however - we 've been here twice in the last month . first on a friday for the sort of 5 \u00e0 7 'burger and a beer ' and then last week where we were pleased to see there was a prix fixe being offered . the quality is not a question to me , everything has been very good , and the last two times what has tipped it to being somewhere i think my wife and i will go to regularly was that it is now very good value . add in a non-pretentious atmosphere , somewhere that 's a good spot with a couple friends and very cool owners , this is why i 'm giving it a high rating - and because we 'll be coming back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome breakfast spot ! i 've only been for sunday brunch and the prix fix is such a great deal ! alcoholic drink + appetizer or dessert + main all for under $ 20 ! the servers are all very nice and helpful . i love the cozy atmosphere and the cute little spoons on the wall . the only thing is that it is a very small space so go for a very late brunch of very early brunch if you have a big group . that being said i went at a not-so-ideal time with a group of 5 and we did n't have to wait very long plus they called my cell when the table was ready . i will definitely be going back ! so tasty !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so sad they closed ! i only had a chance to go once . the menu was really small but you could just picked whatever on it and be amazed ! room a bit cold in winter ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a nice addition to the neighborhood . this is a charming , cozy little restaurant with friendly service and unique food offerings . the menu changes frequently . my impressions were that overall the dishes were thoughtful , tasty and original . i wo n't say that any one dish blew me away , however . and there were some misjudgments , in our opinion : dijon overpowered the raclette -- roasted potatoes and cauliflower blanketed in melted cheese . the one dessert was pretty unfocused : smears of chocolate obscured by chocolate and hazelnut crumble and dollops of foam . the server described it as an `` explosion '' and indeed it looked like a small bomb had deconstructed whatever was there . not tasty enough to overcome its cleverness . but these were small complaints . i appreciate originality , and the prices were reasonable ( $ 90 for three courses and wine for two ) . i will be going back to see what they come up in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this little spot . it 's homey . the food is always amazing . the staff is great . there are lovely cocktails . i hosted my birthday dinner here last year , it 's a perfect date night spot , and i go for brunch on sundays . it 's just a sunny happy neighborhood place , it makes me comfortable and i can stay here for hours and hours . always such an enjoyable experience ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is totally awesome ! had some of the thinest freshest pasta there , along with excellent ribs . the potted animal app was fantastic and was a real treat . the place was busy but the service was great - very friendly and helpful and they clearly were passionate about the food being served . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's good to keep in mind that every wednesday , brockton general features their prix fixe menu . for $ 28 , you can enjoy a starter ( i recommend the crispy pork belly with salad ) , a main ( pappadella pasta with sausage and goat cheese or pulled chicken stew ) , and a dessert ( lemon panna cotta ) . at first , i did n't mind that the restaurant was quiet because it was a week night but it soon quickly filled up . the prix fixe idea is a great deal to take advantage of ; i guess word got around . their menu changes so what i 've listed above may not be available when you visit . but all of the dishes were satisfying , delicious and filling . i 'll revisit for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overpriced . the only reason they get two stars is because they sell cheese cubes which was always nice to add to a packed lunch , but still , it was very expensive for what you get . on top of it they make you spend $ 10 to use a card . i would rather grab a $ 5 sub across the street .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "over priced if you get anything from the self-serve hot bar . sadly i go there ever couple years and am quickly reminded why i do n't get food from there . food is ok . nothing great and definitely not worth the prices .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really like the food , specifically , chicken tender thursday ! ! ! ! the baked goods are mostly a hit , the cakes are amazing , but sometimes things from the cooler are just so so . the one negative i will say is that the prices for things from the hot foods bar are steep.. lunch at eadies is always super fresh and good , but pricey . really the only reason this place does n't get a five . also , the owner takes so much pride in her business and i think that is really important . you can tell she really cares about the experience that people have at eadies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time i had eadie 's was at work and they ordered a cake . delicious ! stopped in for lunch and had the peppered steak with rice and a mancini 's roll . can u say hooked ? this is some of the best peppered steak i 've ever had . tender and seasoned to perfection . they only have it on thursday and my waistline is happy about that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the prices are the main reason i 'm giving this establishment such a low rating . i work in the building they 're in . a deli sandwich , poocorn , and fruit cost me $ 13 . i could have gone to nearly any restaurant and had a full , sit-down meal for that price , tip included . the food was fine , but due to the prices , i 'll never go again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food , sandwiches are getting better everytime i go . things have definitely improved since the new chef took over .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the food especially the buffalo chicken wraps and cake . great service ... ..but seriously get some cup holders ... ... ... ... ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i get food here once in a while - it is n't bad . the selection can be shotty if you get there late in the day but overall i think the food is pretty good . i 'm not sure why yelp lists the neighborhood as the hill district , this is downtown .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "eadie 's is a great little place to stop in and pick up a tasty bite for lunch during a busy workweek . a cup or bowl of hearty chili packed with juicy roasted tomatoes always warms me up and lifts my spirits on cold winter days . the chicken tortilla soup is also a good choice - perfect amount of spiciness !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a nice convenient place to grab breakfast or lunch on your way to the office . my main complaint was they require a $ 10 minimum purchase to use a credit card . so basically you need cash on you to go here . that was really the only thing i did n't like about the place , other than that the food was pretty decent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we live in virginia and 2 of our great friends live in pittsburgh so when they come to the dc area , they bring us eadie 's delicious cake . we had it the first time at our friend 's birthday and since then , it 's a must have for every occasion . the eadie 's cakes are soft , not too sweet , same with the frosting which is creamy , not too sweet , smooth and just simply the best ! we like all the cakes and tthe 2 layer chocolate vanilla is the best of both worlds . we wish there was an eadie 's nearby in the dc area ! ! until then , we will have to rely on our pitt dear friends to bring us a little piece of heaven that we find in eadie 's cakes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hit or miss . some days an awesome selection and other days they have nothing good . they have steamed veggies every day which are really good . they are definitely overpriced .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great instruction by ryan beauregard . clean workout facility and friendly people . they have a new student membership for $ 60 per month and classes are mon , weds and fri 6pm-7pm . it 's definitely worth the money if you want to learn brazilian jiu-jitsu . i usually go to classes on mondays and fridays , and it 's the best workout i 've had in years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's awesome place to learn brazilian ju jitzu with one of the greatest ryan beauregard and also keep in good shape . check it out as they are open to a 3 day pass . come try it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ryan is a great person and an excellent bjj instructor with some impressive credentials . his passion for the sport shines through in his ability to get his students excited about pushing themselves to train hard & get better , no matter how much ( or little ) formal training they come into his class with . it is a wonderful learning environment because everyone there is simply there to simply have fun , work hard , & help teammates excel . my wife has made some best friends among her fellow women bjj students , and has enjoyed the athletic challenge . it 's nice to see more girls women involved in combat sports . my three boys love his kids bjj class too . i ca n't say enough positive about this program and all the others involved in it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in for a little while today . they are still getting things unpacked but i found everything i wanted . and the only thing i did n't find , is coming in . i will definitely be back . super nice folks work here . : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great , tons of comics , bobble heads , figurines , and other collectibles . the employee was super chill and nice . there was a separate section of little kid comics , which is helpful . it 's nice to have a comic book place in cleveland heights .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going here for the last few months . i can always find something interesting and can usually find good deals . the staff is very friendly and are always willing to help you find what you are looking for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm from maryland i was looking for close spot to buy books while staying ohio visting family so choose go here once realize been to this part of area before the owners or very nice keep clean updated store nothing was dusty falling shelves would say the parking is bit crazy during rush hour trying get park side of street can be hard would be back here next time i 'm town", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . everything comic related you can imagine they either have or can get for you ! the customer service is the best i 've ever experienced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could judge this place on it 's selection and pricing but unfortunately , i ca n't . there were three men working in the store who were more worried about talking to each other and making up profanity-laced remakes to songs on the radio than actually helping me , let alone greeting me ! i 've been looking for a store nearby to buy my comics but i think i 'm still going to buy them online until this place can get it 's act together .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome shop , great prices and very helpful staff ! stopped in and picked up a few figures that were really reasonably priced !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ugh - if i could put less then one star i would . i had these guys come out and do a estimate . i called a few months later to have the lawn installed and was told that the grass i wanted was gone and it would be $ 90 more . ok , no big deal . i asked them to drop off some samples so i could pick one . the sales guy told me twice that he would be out to drop them off . he never showed up and never even called . when i called the company today to have them destroy my credit card information the did n't even care that the sales men did n't show up . what a joke . i have decided to go with a local company instead . i am sure they will value me as a customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome customer service . liz is amazing to work with . i had a landscaper install product they purchased from synlawn . i am disappointed with the way the turf looks after a bit of use . liz came to my home and is now working with the landscaper to fix my problem . that is amazing customer service . their company did not even install it but yet they are willing to help me out . i wish i had known about them before i hired a landscaper on my own to do the job . i recommend anyone to not only buy their product but to use their installers as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so there once was a contest going on facebook to get their name out and all you had to do was get 20 of your friends to `` like '' their page and say you referred them ... ummm yea i won ! ! ! they do contests on facebook every month ! ! i won 300 sq ft of synlawn turf and one of my friends won a putting green ! ! i did n't have to pay for them to come out or install it was all free ! ! ! i love my new yard and you know living in nv most grass here is brown yellow ... i love looking out my window to bright green grass ! ! so if you want to win some free turf ( and this is the good turf not the really thin one ! ) then add them on facebook ... synlawn nevada ! ! : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw their crew working at my neighbors home and jotted the number and called them . alberto came to our home and the project was not very large under 320 sq ft . he provided me and excellent price and i went forward with the project ( it was for my wife 's mother 's day gift )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "synlawn did a superior job on our front lawn ! alberto ( sales ) was very knowledgeable and friendly . he set the job up quickly and supplied us with a written quote on the spot . liz mullally , the general manager , came out to inspect the job to make sure everything was going according to plan and to our satisfaction . the entire crew were professional and top notch . they were well organized and got the job done in one day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the start to the finish , from the top to the bottom of the ranks , i ca n't say enough about the great experience and company synlawn is . tony , mary , tamy and the installation crew were great ! very patient with my changing my mind 3 times and my little anal concerns . they helped me every step of the way from selection to understanding the installation and maintenance of the finished product . the product is top notch and it looks so good i ca n't stop looking at it .. : ) i am so happy replacing my grass with no maintenance synthetic turf ! i highly recommend this company and product ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "synlawn is top of the line from the estimate to the installing and the finished product . the estimate by alberto was unbelievable as were the results . the installation was done in two days as promised . everything is exactly as ordered.from alberto coming out for the estimate to tammy at front desk everyone was was so helpful.great job ! ! they deserve 10 stars ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had five different bids and ended up going with synlawn and had a great experience . their price was second to the lowest but that is n't why i choose them . from the moment i met alberto and he mentioned that they are responsible for all of the synthetic grass at the wynn casino i immediately knew that if they can pass their rigid vendor process and can exceed their expectations that they were the right choice for me . the icing on the cake was their pricing was very reasonable . they finished the job in one day and the crew did a great job and alberto came by to check on everything . i would feel comfortable suggesting synlawn and alberto to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had an area in our back yard with 11 year old synthetic grass . when our kids started tracking this grass in the house , i knew it was time to replace it . i received 3 estimates and synlawn came in at the best price , for the quality turf we wanted . once installation day arrived , it took 2 guys about 8 hours to remove our old turf , level out the area with new crushed granite , and install the new turf . they did a great job . i highly recommend synlawn !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! got our lawn put in today by syn lawn of nevada looks awesome . these two guys did an amazing job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a new rottweiler puppy and wanted an area for his kennel . alberto in sales helped explain my options and i am extremely happy on the whole process start to finish . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company did a wonderful putting green for me.. the entire team including alberto ( marketing ) , mary ( coordinator ) ' sergio ( foreman ) is superb . they give a 15 years warranty . so far so good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe that it 's taken me this long to write a review for this place . bayview village is one of my favourite malls and i drop in here each time that i 'm at bv . i 've bought all my pairs of mephisto sandals from this joint . they always have a variety of sizes and colours of this brand , which i like . for the regular heels , i find it to be a hit or miss here . today i bought extremely cute black all day heels , but i 've come in on a few occasions when they 've had no cute nice shoes . there seem to be four main employees . the african-canadian woman ( i have no idea what her name is ) is extremely helpful and pleasant . the others are either spaced out or have somewhat of an attitude problem . come here for the mephistos ( http : thegirlwholearnedtokneel.com wp-content uploads 2009 05 mephisto-sandals.jpg ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i phoned bayville location for a size check . the lady that answer the phone really rude . and i take another shot to call manual life location . the lady seems answer my questions but is not very nice either to customer . how can an high end shoes store have such attitute staffs . and also yorkdale has a promotion going on but not the other locations . what the f & ... . ! i just dun understand what business structure is that ? ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "new cafe opened by the owner of a fitness studio in town . healthy food at a great price . had a breakfast sandwich this morning and got a free oatmeal cookie for stopping in . not only is their food healthy and fresh , they also have several vegetarian and vegan items on the menu . this is huge for a town that is made up of fast food , pizza and family style restaurants . i finally have an option instead of having to cook all my meals myself . oh , she also has great smoothies ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was our first time..they promised us a free cookie ... i guess the ditzy blonde cashier forgot..that was ok though , it was just a cookie . my dad had 'the kicker ' burger . halfway through , he cried out `` i 'm eating paper ! '' the girl had forgotten to take the paper off the slice of cheese . i am not sure about the nutritional value of paper , but i would n't want to eat it..i had the artichoke hummus wrap ... it was too watery ! i just wish the staff would have spent less time gossiping and just a little attention to what they were doing..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is perfect for a healthy yet delicious sandwich that tastes as good as any burger sandwich joint . i went with my girlfriend and for a reasonable $ 16 we got a salmon burger and a western turkey burger with a side and a smoothie . they also gave us a free cookie ! the salmon burger was awesome with tons of flavor . i 'm not a big turkey burger person , but my girlfriends western burger was really good ! the smoothies were also delicious , although , i did have some whole strawberry chunks in mine . the staff is also very friendly ! if you want some really tasty healthy food at a reasonable price , i definitely would recommend this place ! will probably make the 20 minute drive again in the near future just for this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sofe has such an amazing alternative menu for people who like the taste of fast food , but want to eat healthy . my favs are the salmon burger and the peach mango smoothie ! the service is fast and friendly ! tanya is the owner and she 's so friendly ! this is a cash only establishment though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place ! amazing food , the nicest service in the world and very talented sushi master . especially i recommend sushi pizza with salmon , it 's addictive : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just finished a disappointing takeout dinner from vincent sushi . ordered a sushi maki combo . the fish did not taste especially fresh , and the rice was somewhat dried out in parts . the miso soup was the blandest i 've ever had , and barely lukewarm . but the worst part was the salad : it literally looked like soup , it had so much dressing , and the lettuce was wilted as if it had been dressed days ago . straight to the garbage . i am not one to make a fuss , and the salad is always an afterthought with takeout sushi , but this was just an insult . moreover , when you start a meal with something that terrible and careless , it really makes you uneasy about eating raw fish prepared by the same kitchen . prices here are a little higher than comparable sushi restos , and there is certainly no justification for that . will not be back to vincent sushi , which is too bad as it 's the nearest sushi restaurant to my home .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "incredible sushi in the west end . great service , modest interior and delicious salmon sushi pizza !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall , the experience at kami sushi was decent . space could 've been brighter but the servers were really nice . i would 've given them three stars but the spicy sushi combo i got ( spicy salmon and spicy tuna ) was mostly fried panko . there was almost no tuna in the 12 rolls of sushi in the combo . the prices would be reasonable if there was more substance in the rolls .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good traditional sushi . great service . normally would give them 4.5 , but the current average of 2.5 is just unfair to the current owners who show great care and passion in serving excellent food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place makes good maki , we had their maki combo c , which is dynamite roll and spider roll for $ 16.95 . it came out nicely and perfect", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a wonderful meal ! the waitress noticed that all the food ordered was veggie and thought to change my soup to salad , after asking me . very thoughtful ! the food was hot , what was meant to be . the service was fast and as well priced as any other sushi place on ronci . love the decor of the place and i will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been going here for a while . i loved what they did to their menu last year , but the quality has dropped since my last visit 3 months ago . the parmesan chicken was not cooked well - it was like a giant gelatinous chicken nugget . the brick chicken did n't taste fresh . it was like a fast food chicken with that really dried out taste . i ca n't describe it but it was like the graininess of processed chicken . i really supported this place for over a year , but their quality has noticeably dropped . the salad was meager - i mean very small . the staff was profusely nice ; the managers were very apologetic , but i begged them to understand that the quality of the chicken was just low - not their preparation .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been to this macaroni grill over 10 years and it 's just gotten worse after each subsequent visit . our order was lost from the waitress to the kitchen . our drink order was also forgotten . we arrived at 11:45 and did n't get our food until 1:20 . it was not very busy although it was lunch time on a sunday . it was my dads birthday and they did bring out a dessert on the house so that was nice . thankfully our waitress was polite and the food was tasty but considering the amount of time it took-it could be our last visit . there were 9 of us so maybe a smaller group may have better luck .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice restaurant layout and looked like everyone in our party of 15 , who ordered italian food enjoyed their meal . i made mistake of ordering the lamb chops - way over priced for such little amount of meat . i like lamb , but when going to an italian restaurant , i should have gone with a pasta meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "buyer beware ! these fools will tell you that they have a reservation saved for you on the phone , but deny you made it when you show up . a late black woman who somehow plays the role of hostess is rude and does n't care that they messed up and did n't log your reservation . the food is bland , and the pasta is overcooked and or nuked . furthermore , the cooks got into a fist fight .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i remember this chain being ok long ago in the past , even if very inconsistent . however , this was the worst and poorest experience i ever had at any branch . the food was horrible and flavorless , and the service and kitchen staff could n't have delivered less . i could even see how slow motion , uninspired , and sloppy the kitchen staff was thanks to the open kitchen concept . i asked for some marinara sauce on the side and they had the nerve to serve me totally cold uncooked sauce . i think the customers are luckly if they do not get sick eating here . i only hope writing this review reminds me to never go back to any macaroni grill ever again . i definitely would never return to this one ! a one star rating can not even properly reflect how bad this restaurant is ... how do they remain in business ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "safe place to have dinner . quality of food was up to their normal standard . as usual the noise was not conducive for good conversation . but the food was a welcome comfort after being on the road all week .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my colleagues and i have been here recently and its awfully bland . i do n't think the water the pasta is cooked in is even salted . new chef perhaps ? ! early this week i received an email for their special 2 lunch meals for $ 10 and i 'm still not interested . i 'm not sure if its just this particular location ( research dr ) that taste plain but eheheh nope this place is just not `` it '' . the location does n't help either , its hidden in between 2 hotels so unless you know its there you 'd stumble upon it on accident .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all of the pasta dishes from here were good . my wife love the penne rustica and i loved the stuffed mushrooms and the eggplant parmesan and our son the the mac and cheese", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent ! flavorful items , large portions , efficient wait staff ! bread is very tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent service , the food was out so quick it was very impressive . our waiter , barren , made sure that everything we needed was taken care of . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stay away ! i had two items : a caesar salad , and a margherita pizza . caesar salad : the outer leaves of the head , at the top , with brown edges . hacked into random too-large and too-small pieces . with some of the stems that were turning translucent from being too old . overdressed . pizza : weird , bread-like crust . and not bread-like in a good way . with sauce that had no seasoning ; i think it was just tomato sauce from a can ( like hunt 's ) . the cheese was ok , the tomatoes were flavorless . it was covered with chopped green herbs . basil , you think ? hah : parsley ! the complimentary bread was good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "every part of my experience was awful . food was terrible and i 'm not one to usually complain", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice place..their soup and bread is good.. good service and enough options for vegans as well . i love this place . its way better than olive garden in sevice and food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was by far the worse mg i have dined . all 5 entrees ( big family ) ordered were served cold . not warm , not luke warm , cold ! after being re-heated undoubtedly in a microwave we discovered that each guess was discussing who had the more bland tasting dish . we have always enjoyed mg and it was a complete shock to have this type of experience . we will not return . there were 2 exceptions to this tastless cold meal ... .the house salad dressing and the bread .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always have a good experience at this particular location . the host was friendly and prompt in sitting me . the waiter seemed a little lost at times but i think he may have been new . but the food is always great and really good portion sizes . for a chain restaurant , i really like this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only had a lunch take-out here so i ca n't say about service , but the inside decoration and atmosphere looks nice . the food - a half half with salad and pasta was fantastic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went with a large group of 8 for a business dinner . the service was a bit lacking - our waiter seemed to disappear at times and prolonged the dinner . it was fine because we had a lot to discuss , but out out-of-town guest were probably tired from a long day of training so it would have been nice to make dinner a bit shorter . i ordered the penne rustica and it came to the table in a piping hot bowl . it was nice the put a plate under it and i definitely devoured the whole thing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "look . you know what you 're going to get at macaroni grill . i 'm not going to ding a place just because it happens to be a mega-chain restaurant . it 's your fault if you go to the macaroni grill expecting home-cooked italian food . they do the standards well and have a few signature dishes that i enjoy . in addition , you may substitute rice pasta for any of the pasta dishes , so that 's a plus . like many things in life , if you go in with the proper expectations , you wo n't be disappointed at the macaroni grill . also , how can you not love a place that let 's you pour your own wine ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was great but the food was not . all the pasta for our party was undercooked ; there were 14 of us . other customers also were returning meals . the manager told us they were using a new pasta and had to `` learn to cook it '' . she did make an adjustment on our bill to make up for the bad meals .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a macaroni grill ... not much to say about this ... if you have gone to one , you have seen them all . nothing is really memorable . including the service . prices are reasonable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely disgusting food . even the salads were watery and bland . how are they still in business ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service , what service ? sat for 20 minutes with out even a hello or glass of water . asked the host 15 minutes into the wait if the place was `` self service '' . she responded with let me check on your server , then walked to the bar area and chatted with someone for another 5 minutes . we walked out at that point..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in for dinner for the first time on sunday night . it was about 5:30 pm and the place was nearly empty . just two tables occupied . of course it was raining cats and dogs which surely kept many at home . but what was odd is that the entire staff was running around organizing everything for the dinner service as if they had just arrived even though they open at 11:00 am on sundays . again , kind of odd . but regardless , i was seated and served promptly , the beers were ice cold and refreshing , and the food came out fresh and as ordered . i ordered the lasagna and a caesar salad . accompanied by a tasty loaf of bread with olive oil , it was very good . really hit the spot on a dreary , rainy day . i would not anything was special . just very good . i 'm sure i will be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am a fettuccine alfredo fanatic- always ordering it at italian restaurants . i have never had a bad experience until the day i came here . there was such a strong garlic flavor . i could taste minced garlic in each bite . i dont know what else to say . definitely not up to par with other macaroni grills .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was fine , but our service was atrocious . the server barely made eye contact and did n't bother to refill our waters ( even once ) . do n't bother with this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "please give this place a chance if in the area ! maybe those other reviewers had one bad experience . my husband and i have eaten here 3 times in the last year and always have a great food experience . i had the italian bake ; 3 large meatballs with 2 links of italian sausage , plus generous amount of rigatoni pasta served over tomato sauce . excellent ! ! ! my husband had their trio which consisted of fettuccine alfredo , chicken parmigiana , and lasagna . outstanding and very generous portions . in addition we had side salads . bread with oil for dipping . the wine of was very good ! i hope this place stays in business as it is located between some hotel chains . we mentioned one small question to our waiter and next thing the manager came to our table to insure all was acceptable . they are paying attention to the customer and aim to please . please come out to support this place ! ! i would n't walk across the street for olive garden , but this place is a real gem ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i really love macaroni grill . the 6 of us have gone frequently in the past few years with great food and amazing service . tonight the service was severely lacking . it took our waitress a good 5-10 minutes to take our drink order and another 5 after that to get the drinks . she almost forgot to take the entree order of one of us and there were always dishes on the table . salad bowls when the entrees came , and entree dishes when dessert came which took another 15 minutes to receive . drinks were empty a lot and when my mom was trying to take a drink out of her empty coke the waitress came up behind her with a new one saying `` hold on , i 'm coming ! ! '' overall , food was still amazing but service was horrible . maybe go for take out or sit at the bar . avoid the front of house staff and much as possible and you 'll be great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food sucked ! the calimari was disgusting and my canniloni tasted like it came out of a frozen box . my water was good . servers , you 're supposed to serve , so prepare the table for the food to be brought out so we do n't have an uncomfortable guessing game while you hold a hot plate over my head .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome lunch experience , quick and very tasty . 10 dollar lunch special is so much food ! diamond was an absolutely incredible server , she made me feel so welcome ! love this place . in and out in 40 minutes for a great quick lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "o sole mio.. o sole mio ... i forgot what i ate , and i forgot what i drank.. says a lot about this chain restaurant . while it does not dissapoint , it is not memorable at all . the hostess was kinda grumpy . we had an extra person , and she had to move us.. and she was all huff and puff.. i was like , lady , the place is empty.. why you mad ? anyway , i totally can not remember what i ate here..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thought the staff was incredibly rude . with out anyone else in the restaurant , my party of four was asked to wait . after we were seated and ordered our food did not all come out together . my seafood portofino dish had about a cup of oiling the bottom of the plate", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after my first time here i will definitely be back again . i ordered the mushroom ravioli & wow it was delicious ! ! ! ! it was hot and each bite was filled with so much flavor . the environment was beautiful as well . very impressed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent service . food was excellent . recommend the butternut squash pasta , pan fried eggplant and try the macaroni bites ! had a great time . mariah our server was superb !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the portions ! so big ! ! ! enough for 2 people . the bread ! freshly baked and warm ... and moist and yummy ! you need to ask for it if it does n't come right away . the apps are good . my favorite was the melted cheese ... fuendo i think it was called . it was addicting ! melted mozzarella cheese mixed in with other cheese . with bread to spread the cheese on . and they give you a lot of cheese ... melted stringy goodness ... the main courses were huge ! i had the chicken and mushroom cannelloni . very good . little salty , but good . i was so full i could n't do dessert ... and that does n't happen very often ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great dinner staff great the general manager was super - celebration of birthdays - food was good very accommodating for our large group", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1 . ) they answer the phone - and can tell you whether they have what you 're looking for . 2 ) they are open weekdays until 8pm . 3 ) they are open sundays until 5pm . 4 ) when you walk in , they ask what you 're looking for and can direct you to exactly where it is . from canning to tiling , they have saved many of my projects with a last-minute run up the street .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boy m and i were trying to grill out on a sunday and needed a hose for the gas stove . the store closed at 5 on a sunday , and as it was 4:50 , we were hurrying to catch them . calling ahead , we got a courteous young man that helped us with selection and ensured us that we would n't arrive at a closed store . the prices and selection are good and the service is nice . no complaints at all . we did buy the wrong thing , not a fault of the stores , but as the clerk made sure to remind us to take our receipt , we were easily allowed to return it for the correct piece .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my go-to hardware store . wide inventory . knowledgeable and helpful . quick service . bonuses : this store has been in the same family for generations . honesty and hard work reflect their old-fashioned business ethics . i enjoy the feel of this place with its creaky old wooden floors . they give little extra pro-tips if you ask .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a deceptively large ace hardware . i usually only see an ace hardware this large when it is in a rural setting . the owners have expanded through several of the first floors of several adjoining buildings on the mt oliver main street . as with many of the businesses open in downtown mt oliver , parking is anemic . luckily , if you visit at the proper time you wo n't have to worry about finding a space since there is a large percentage of vacant spots . all of the associates at this ace are very friendly and more than willing to help answer any questions you have . they do n't have everything , but they do have a lot . and much like yin and yang , you can always visit the true value down the road to find what they do n't have .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this hardware store is a great place to go if you need a piece of glass or mirror cut to fit any frame . they 're glass is really reasonably priced and they are very helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they are good , helpful and friendly . they go out of their way to be helpful . i am very satisfied . when i compare what i pay at the big box hardware stores . miller ace hardware is a very reasonable . they have the knowledge and take to time to help me complete my projects . i 'll always be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we purchased an entertainment center in 2011 and recently discovered that the front of the main drawer which comprised a significant portion of this design was detaching from the drawer itself . several wood pegs on both sides of the drawer had dried out and come unglued . consequently the front of the unit threatened to fall off . we contacted the store which immediately made arrangements for repair at no charge . the repairs have worked seamlessly . clearly we would have preferred that the unit was made better to begin with , but were very happy with the response by the store . problems happen and its how well a company addresses those problems that makes a world of difference . so our heartfelt thanks to the manager mary hall at the scottsdale store !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love copenhagen furniture . i love the style . we looked high and low for the perfect sectional for our family room and copenhagen had the only stylish one we could find . we loved the built in recliners and cup holders . we had good service during the ordering process , but they told us it would take four or five months and it took like 9 months . we kept having to call and check on it , too -- they never called us first . then , when we finally got it -- it kept breaking ! in the year that we 've had it , it 's never been fully operational . the furniture repair shop that they use ca n't get the parts from italy , it takes months to get the parts , then once they get them the furniture repair company ca n't get us on the schedule for months . we are not hard on furniture . we do n't have little kids jumping on it . it 's for sitting on and watching tv . a sofa should be able to do that without being broken .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been in the store on 3 different occasions looking to completely furnish a new home . on each visit i 've walked through the entire store , tried out seating , spent at least 20 minutes looking at items and never once been greeted by anyone . i will never return . even if all the sales people are busy , a `` hello '' from the women sitting at the computers would be appreciated . if they 're really in the business to sell furniture , they could take some customer service lessons from the competition down the road .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have bought furniture from copenhagen numerous times over the past ten years and have rarely been disappointed . my recent experience , of course , involves the new house . i finally got to shop for a cool sectional and of course this was my one and only serious stop . leather , contemporary and exceptional in design and comfort . i also snagged a sweet italian desk which i am currently sitting at . all of this aside , the reason for the 5 star review is because after delivery i came home to find a chip missing from the wood veneer . i spent the night hoping i would n't have to cover this area with a shelf or worse however , upon broaching the subject with our salesman he promptly agreed to exchange it for a new one . not a small item either and there was no hesitation . i love a company that understands the consumer and takes care of them at all cost . best part of the story ? i promptly bought a rug and a matching bookshelf : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i walked through the entire showroom and none of the many salespeople who were walking around with nothing to do would wait on us or even acknowledge our presence .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as you approach copenhagen with ideas in mind and design your excitement quantum leaps due to incredible customer service . it is not overpowering but helpful and linda birchard , who has been our sales person , multiple times goes above and beyond . she `` more than satisfies '' her customers as copenhagen 's policy is most likely . in my opinion copenhagen is n't content with satisfying , they are looking for that `` wow '' from you and from your guests at your home when they see your purchase . i was proud to refer friends to copenhagen and i receive their gratitude , especially when linda communicates with them and even sometimes when they are in a different area of our country . thank you copenhagen as well as denmarket for continued outstanding service as well as incredible value .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i have been shopping at copenhagen for a good 14 years . in fact , we tease that our home should be the copenhagen showroom , since 95 % of our furniture has come from here . we love the warm , contemporary look that our home has , and we love the compliments we receive when our guests enter our home . we always find furniture within our budget . we work with finn , one of the managers , who consistently steers us in the right direction , giving us his expert opinions . he is terrific ! ! customer service has been easy to work with as well.they call us each time , prior to delivery to confirm day and time . delivery men have been friendly , helpful , and accommodating . my husband and i have no reason to shop any place else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! i love copenhagen ! the fun and unique contemporary designs have lasting appeal . want to have art on your floors and supporting your bed , as well as on your walls ? well this is the place . now , keep in mind : your going to pay an artistic premium for each piece . i tend to have expensive taste ( it 's a curse ) the bed frame i want : $ 3k . the sheets i bought for my bed : $ 200 ; blanket : $ 800 ; specialty pillow : $ 250 ; couch : $ 4k ; coffee table : $ 400 ; bar stools : $ 350 each ( ouch ! ) . you know what though ? it looks amazing ! that bedroom and living area will really pop , in all the right ways ! do n't we all wish we could afford the things we wanted ? sigh . maybe i 'll have most of that stuff before i retire :", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited this location last weekend while they were having their blow out clearance event . my husband and i got there early on saturday and the parking lot was packed ! we were lucky to find a beautiful sofa and love seat at more than half off the original price ! this store has fabulous furniture and i was pleasantly surprised how helpful the staff was on such a hectic sale day . my only suggestion would be to open a location in denver , so we can furnish our other home there ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have seen this store come to life and it has been great ! the owner josi has an eye for not only pairing but furniture as well . josi is friendly and knows how to help make your home beautiful with paint and furniture . if you need a piece that stands out and speaks about who you are you can find one here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! they have everything you need . i would advise all , in close proximity or not , to come visit . you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not exactly sure what this gal is talking about with the furniture looking like walmart quality stuff . i can assure you this furniture is certainly not cheap garbage ! she has vintage and antique pieces and they are beautifully painted ! ! top quality in the vegas henderson boulder city area . josi is very warm and welcoming and makes you feel likeyou are family . her prices are great and you just ca n't get the service she provides just anywhere . do not take that one negative comment and believe it because it is so far from what her shop stands for . go see for yourself ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is a hidden gem for those of us who live in vegas , but it 's worth the drive up to boulder city ! josi is so sweet , and you can tell she really loves what she does because it extends out into every piece of furniture that she has painted . i own a few bedroom pieces , chairs and some wall decor . everything that i 've come across is of excellent , lasting quality . i have 3 boys ( make that 4 ) , so i have to make sure that everything is sturdy enough to withstand their roughness , and so far , so great . if you have n't already , go check this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't understand why everyone is giving this local coffee shop such a hard time . i have been a patron for years and have few complaints . sure sometimes their credit card machine is down , i would never eat the food , and the new local is kind of shady , but hands down the coffee is delicious and addicting . it 's no seattle , but neither is phoenix ! this place is laid back with character and non a pretentious staff . it 's not lux ( thank god ) , and it is not starbucks ( x2 ) ..it 's simply a great place to catch up with a friend , study , read , or grab an afternoon pick-me-up . the new area is a little sketchy and every time i have been there i have been asked for change or a smoke , i just started saying no.. my drink rec : a sugar free , chai charger , with water ... little calories , lots of charge , and very tasty !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have a notion that over time the reviews for this place will get significantly more positive . it just needs some time time to infuse into its new surrounding ... because this is all i 'm really gathering why people have the most beef with the willow house . the building is interesting and quaint , which is suitable for an indie coffee house and a pretty killer lawn out in front . the coffee itself is above average . i 'm not particularly blown away or anything ... but then , no coffee really blows me away anyhow . i 'll drink motor oil if the place has a cool vibe and is local and is some sort of vehicle for the local arts . willow caters to all three of these requirements . plus , they do have a delicious drink -- their chai charger -- basically a chai latte with a shot of espresso ... hot or cold seems perfect for sitting on their patio and smoking parliaments . i wish they would bring back their afternoon happy hour . those large chais were $ 3 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "man you people were hard on this review . while i agree it does not have 5 star credentials lets look at it for what it really is . for a neighborhood that is not overflowing with choices , it serves it 's purpose . lets be honest there are not a lot of options in the area of 17th ave and van buren for coffee shops let alone cool coffee shops . if you happen to work or play in this area and need a decent cup of coffee that 's not served by corporate america this is the place . additionally , this place has vegetarian and vegan choices for lunch at a reasonable price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was my first visit to the willow house and most likely my last ... especially at night . the area is a bit iffy , which i knew coming in , but to highlight that concern when i showed up a set of police officers were there escorting a homeless guy off the property and throughout the night homeless people would come using their bathroom as a washroom . i did however enjoy the food and entertainment ( the main reason i came ) , but i 'm not sure it was enough to make me come back a second time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i will do anything or use any excuse not to go to this place . i hate dealing with all the people here and the staff . if i wanted to be judged , i would rather go to church .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i remember 12 years ago walking into the willow house and being stunned at how cool i was for being at such a cool place . we drank coffee , listened to some guitar playing hippy and drank our lattes as we smoked our cloves . i was at the top of game as a freshman in high school . fast forward to today , the place is still basically the same . cool teenagers will be in awe of how cool they really are just being there . but in reality the coffee is just ok , the food barely edible , and the people mostly annoying . if you want real coffee and a much better atmosphere , find somewhere else , phoenix has so much more to offer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just might be a little bit parshall to the willow house . i hung out there when i was in high school and even after 8 years i still love it . the atmoshere and makes up for where its lacking in taste . if you are looking for somewhere to go just hang out and people watch , this is your place . go get your drink , listen to the live music and look at the local art work displayed . if you want amazing coffee , i 'd pass .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "blacklee have now fitted two consumer units ( the proper name for fuse board ) , moved a socket , and changed light fittings across two different flats . all of which have been fitted quickly , look good and work well . kevin responds to emails quickly and has been able to schedule work within a couple of weeks . i 'm sure he 'd do things quicker if needed but everything has n't been urgent or time critical . i got a comparative quote before i got the first lot of work done and blacklee was a tiny bit cheaper than the other company . since then i 've just gotten an estimate from blacklee and gone ahead with the work . i have quite a bit more electrical work to be done in the next year and i expect it all to be done by blacklee . sorry kev , you 'll need to cope with my love of top floor flats for a bit longer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used this company twice now and both times been delighted with the work i 've had done . first time round was downlighters in my living room which turned out far better than i 'd hoped for . we originally wanted 8 but kevin spoke to us and recommended 12 and have to say the completed ceiling looked pretty cool . he 's just away again after upgrading my fuseboard to a more modern one and fitted some led spots in my kickplates and the work was done well again . a lot of tradespeople are unreliable but i 've found kevin to be punctual ( sends a text when on route if requested ) and happy to explain how things work . additional marks for cleanliness - they even vacuumed my floor which was most pleasing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only found the review above after i 'd used this company 's services . i ca n't talk highly enough of them . they called out half an hour after i called , done the job and only took \u00a330 . came across as a really nice guy so have to admit i 'm surprised at the comments above . i 'd happily use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used kev for years when after a hand . always turns up even at short notice.nice guy never had a problem . very good electrician who knows his stuff . the first gadgie i turn to when tryin to sort a problem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i recently started looking for a new dentist , and settled on mountain dental group , as it is right next to our home in mountain 's edge . the choice i made for convenience turned out to be an extremely good decision ; mountain dental is the best dental office my wife and i have ever been to ! the staff is the absolute nicest i have ever dealt with . they exude an amount of warmth that sets you right at ease . midway through her exam , my wife texted me `` is this for real ? are they really this awesome ? `` ... .yes , they are . the doctors and staff both are extremely warm and friendly , a nice compliment to their excellent capabilities . i plan to recommend this office to everyone i know ; if you have been looking for the best dental office in town , you can stop looking . you 've found it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i felt like was at an auto repair shop where they try to get u to pay for more than you need . the first time customer rate for x-ray , evaluation , and cleaning is misleading . the dentist wanted me to get a `` deep '' cleaning so i was disqualified from the regular cleaning . so in the end , i only got an x-ray and eval ... . no treatment of any kind . i felt cheated because i should have at least been offered some cleaning versus none at all . i wo n't be coming back . and the total cost for everything that the dentist wanted to get done was over $ 3000 ... without the company discount plan . i 'm planning on getting a second opinion . perhaps if i had dental insurance , i would have had better service ? 2 months later , i went to my husband 's dentist ... ..my teeth were fine and did n't need anything beyond the normal cleaning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "received a letter from mdg stating that patient -doctor relationship has been terminated and here i thought it was over after they screwed up 4 of my teeth ! nevada board of dental examiners is processing my complain against these scam artists", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a chipped tooth . i called and was able to get an appointment the next morning . dr raner filed down my tooth and i was in and out in no time . painless and quick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came in a few weeks back for a root canal and saw dr. tejpaul johl , he was awesome . following the root canal , i saw dr. yanga.. she is very nice and gentle aswell ! ! normally i get terrible anxiety while at dentist appointments but not here . they are all friendly and helpful . from the front desk coordinators to dr. yanga & all of the assistants . i am very pleased with the services i have received so far and will continue coming to this office ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2011-the most amazing dental experience i 've ever had ! ! everyone is so friendly ! 2014- i will never visit this location again . yes , everyone is friendly but i do n't believe they are skilled at dental work . during a routine procedure , my tooth cracked and i was told i had to have it removed by another doctor right away . they blamed my previous dentist for the tooth breaking but after thinking about it , that did n't make sense . while doing other dental work , i was in so much pain that night , i had to call and talk to the dentist after hours and have two different prescriptions called in . i was in excruciating pain from something that was described as routine . this was the last straw . i switched dentists immediately and had to pay another dentist to fix the problem pain . keep in mind , there was n't any pain before my visit that day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love having my dentist only a 3-minute walk from my house ! although i only go twice a year , it 's still a great convenience to have . everyone at this dentist office is extremely friendly . they do n't see me for 6 months at a time , but recognize and acknowledge me as if i never left . yay for healthy teeth !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is what my insurance provided to me and its 5 mins away from .. all the staff are nice to me ! i really love coming to this place they are gentle .. theres only one assistant that irritates me i forgot her name .. she was doing my root canal .. idk if she is trying to impress the dr. coz my mouth is small cant get the xray right but im pushing down any further and i feel like i wan na throw up .. smh .. but i did it anyways smh .. but other than that i love this place they are fast with there works ! they do stuff like donating so you can save money out of your bill !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to this dentist office for almost a year now and from the beginning , the staff here has always provided outstanding service . the girls that work in the front office reception area ingrid and chastity are very pleasant and welcoming when you walk in . my dentist dr. yanga is very nice and always makes sure i am comfortable and not in any pain . she explained the dental work i needed thoroughly and did excellent work each time . i am very satisfied with all my dental work that i received . the dental assistants michelle and marlon were also very gentle and helpful in assisting dr. yanga making sure everything went smoothly . the kind staff here makes going to see the dentist painless and less intimidating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a wait of 15 mins or so was seated for my x-rays , and seated for my cleaning . very thorough . gave me my options right away and had an insurance specialist tell me what would be covered and what was n't . nice cleaning , my teeth look so awesome i need to set an appointment to take some pics to show off these bad boys . only complaint is i left and they forgot to give me my prescription , but called me and apologized and told me where to pick it up . will be back for more work i need done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "took us a while to find a good dentist in vegas . dr. yanga & dr. johl , along with their staff , made my visits as pleasant as a dental visit could go . i 'm still trying to figure out how dr. yanga gives the anesthesia so painlessly . i barely feel the needle prick , if at all . dr. johl did my root canal while dr. yanga did my crown . both were so flawless that i was back at work the same day . the office staff are so friendly , they knew me by my first name from day one whether or not i personally dealt with them or not .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very impressed with this place . from the reception , office manager , periodontist , dentist , assistants and everyone else . i was having so much pain and had to be referred to an in network dental . appointment was prompt . examination was done thoroughly by the periodontist benjamin . the office was clean . i would write more but i am in pain . next time perhaps . thanks to my sister for referring me to them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my kids have been seeing dr. yanga for a few years and they love it here . the staff is very friendly and willing to explain procedures needing to be done . i really like the fact that they explain what is needed versus what is just a recommendation , so i 'm not paying for things that is not needed at the time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was able to get an appointment within a day , i had zero wait , and really liked the entire staff . i 'm going to start bringing my kids here , now that they are school aged , so i do n't have to drive across town to the pediatric dentist . very convenient and i ca n't stress enough that the appointment was seamless so i had no waiting !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware- these people will try to scam and up-sell you every time . my whole family went here for many years . the staff was nice , the office was close , and the appointments convenient . then one by one , each of us started getting extra charges , told we needed `` deep '' cleanings , special mouthwash , special toothpaste , fluoride treatments , sealants- everything to increase the charges . then we found out that once you have a deep cleaning , you become a periodontal patient and every cleaning now comes with extra charges . it 's a massive scam , and i am so disgusted by them and with myself for falling for it for this long . the whole family will find a new dentist .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review could have been really bad , but dr. abalos , the weekend dentist , saved it . after a couple bad experiences , i was ready to leave to precision dental . came in on a saturday at the last minute to repair a prior dental procedure and was ready to cuss someone out , but dr. abalos was working and she fixed everything - pain free ! three weeks of discomfort gone . she 's got great bedside manner , compassionate and really explains things in layman terms that people can understand . if she ends up working there regularly , i just might stick around . until then , i 'm keeping my options open .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware ! ! ! they are crooks ! they billed my insurance for work they did n't do then took my money because the insurance would n't pay . still trying to get everything straightened out . this place is very sneaky and dishonest ! ! ! ! ! do not agree to pay anything until work is done and insurance claims are submitted correctly ! ! ! not worth even one star but yelp made me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for about four years and could n't say enough great things about this place ! dr. raner is so awesome she makes visiting the dentist easy and is very friendly and approachable . the reception staff is very nice as well and the dental assistant brittany is really great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i recently moved here from orlando . after having the same dentist for 17 years , we were nervous about finding a new dentist . we live so close to mountain dental group , we decided to start there . to be perfectly honest , we really expected to have to go through a few places until we found a good fit . bingo ! it seems the first time was the charm . we were impressed with how modern the equipment and facilities are . the office staff were friendly . of course the real test is the dentist . dr. yanga has a great bedside manner and thoroughly explained everything . suzanne did a wonderful job with my cleaning . marlon assisted dr. yanga on a subsequent visit when i needed a crown , and was not happy until everything was absolutely perfect . i realize it is not possible to please everyone all the time . however , based on my four visits so far , i would say we found a winner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're anything like me , you hate the dentist ! ! but- i was very pleased with dr . raner ! ! i have never been to the dentist and had a procedure done without being in pain the whole time because they could n't give me anymore pains medicine . dr. raner explained everything to me very well and listened to me when i said i have a high pain tolerance . when she numbed me she was so gentle and it worked ! my procedure went very smoothly . she let me listen to my music while she worked so i did n't have to hear the drilling noise- which i thought was a great idea ; it helped me relax ! then to top off my great experience she upgraded me with no extra charge- wow ! needless to say , my attitude towards the dentist has been changed immensely by the office staff and dr. raner at mountain dental group !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family has been coming for years and we love it here ! they take great care of us ! dr. yanga and her team are very caring , thorough and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a rip off ! do not go to this dental office ! they charge you for the highest pricing work rather than just do a filling or regular cleaning ! i went to them for 2 years , spent atleast $ 4000.00 total on work and it was never ending.. always something that needed to be done according to them.. so a couple months ago the receptionist told me i needed to pay a deposit just to make an appointment with them because i had missed a couple previous appointments.. so i told her never mind i will go else where . i am so glad i did ! ! i went to a new dentist today and found out i need 1 small filling ! mountain dental told me i needed two partial crowns and an ongoing deep cleaning . save yourself alot of money ! do n't go here ! ! & for some reason -- they never have the same dentist working in there ! dr. yanga was the dentist i seen the first time and i have n't seen her since ... probably cause this place is a scam !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't go to this dental group , worst experience ever , it seems they dont know what they doing , bunch of new dentist , unless you want to be a practice dummy just saying .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would go lower if i could my wife went in for dentures in october and still no dentures ... .so she has been on a liquid diet for this time period . just left today and the dentist could even look her in the eye ... .stay away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after not being to the dentist in many years and having bad experiences every time , a broken tooth forced me to go in . nervous as can be i was quickly calmed by davion . he made me feel so comfortable , his customer service skills and care for his job are truly admirable . i never thought a good dentist visit was possible ! doctor uh was very helpful and proficient as well . the front desk staff is always very friendly and helpful . my daughter has been a patient for 2 years and is always happy to return ! thank you staff at mountain dental !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i honestly have to say that oral surgeon jason kim is definitely highly recommended . i was so uncomfortable with the idea of getting my wisdoms pulled out along with being put to sleep ; but the whole experience was so pleasant i 'm actually excited to go back . everyone from check in to the assistants made me feel like i was at home and there was nothing to worry about . i 'm still healing but because of how great of a job they did there is no swelling or pain . so i returned to work the next day happy and still smiling . thank you mountain dental ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome staff , very friendly and professional . i 've been coming here for more than 5 years and dr yanga is great . i would definitely recommend coming here for your dental needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this office redefines the phrase - `` i 'd rather be at the dentist '' . no . really . they do . everyone is exceptionally friendly , welcoming and competent . first , they send you a pre-appointment reminder . then you show up to a paperless office with a calm , reassuring vibe . then after your appointment you receive a feedback survey . i tend to be cynical about the sincerity of most businesses when they say they want to `` better serve '' their customers . in this case , i am fully convinced . i can see the effort ; and they are succeeding . this is why i am loyal and will keep going back for all my dental needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can i say ... i love going to my dentist office . i 've been coming to this office since opening day and i never want to go anywhere else . as you walk in the door , there 's a warm welcome feeling and everyone , especially christy , are always there to greet you with a smile . dr. patay is awesome , friendly and most importantly , he is very careful and always avoids hurting you . the whole staff if very welcoming , charming and care about their patients . i 'll see you guys in a few more months : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband had a cavity filled here that had to later be replaced by a different dentist . enough said .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the mountain dental group is the best ! kinda crazy but we actually look forward to all our dental appointments as the staff is always very friendly and has a smile as soon as we walk in the door . there is no doubt that my family and i are receiving exceptional care . they thoroughly explain the all treatments and costs up front , answer any questions we might have , and are always willing to work with us in regards to any concerns we have . the office , front and back , is very clean with movies to watch available for the kids . i would highly recommend this office to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "baffled at the positive feedback . i was less than satisfied . cleaning was by far the worst i 've had . i could n't wait to get out of this office . i will not be returning here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "staff is always friendly and rarely do i have to wait more than 15 minutes to be seen . i 've known dr. yanga for years and she has never treated me less than perfect . thanks mountain dental !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i grew up with a family dentist back in michigan for 18 years and i was a little upset when i had to find a dentist out here for some major work . i came to mountain dental after visiting a not-so-friendly , not-so-inexpensive , dentist in green valley and i could n't be happier . the staff is awesome , ultra friendly and accommodating , and they have worked really hard to give me a beautiful smile at prices that i can afford sans dental insurance . ( they even put up with my less than frequent use of my night guard ! ) i 've moved since i started going to mountain dental and i will drive across town without complaint because the service that they provide is worth it . i 'd recommend mountain dental to anyone that needs a dentist . never had prettier ( or healthier ) teeth ! thank you ladies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yesterday i had a 10:30 am appointment to see dr. ellsworth . i had to wait 2 hours before i could see him . i paid $ 50 for a consultation which they told me would take 45 minutes to ann hour , but instead , he was with me about 15 minutes . i was supposed to get prices on alternative treatments but never received anything . it was very disappointing and a waste of time . i would never go back to mountain dental group or recommend it to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just got a filling done with dr. yanga and she was amazing ! ! it was a small , shallow one and i trusted her advice that i did n't need any numbing agent . good news is , i sure did n't . i was in and out in less than 20 mins and i feel great ! on fridays i have my son so i had to bring him in with me and ingrid at the front office staff was amazing ! she kept an eye on him while i got work done and i am really appreciative of the family atmosphere that mountain dental has ! thanks for always keeping my smile bright guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cristina , dianna and dr. joel and dr. andy were amazing ! ! ! i came in because of a major toothache found out i needed a root canal they took my insurance cigna and i also got financed to make payments . i hardly felt any pain and the pain i did feel was nowhere near the pain i was having due to my tooth it was almost a painless process and quick they made me feel really comfortable and i highly recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food cool staff , wraps are amazing especially the buffalo sometimes when i 'm in a rush i 'll take it to go and just panini press it at home amazing post gym meal ! they also have a bunch of cool different organic and natural products . p.s you got ta try the crunchy monkey shake !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food , amazing smoothies ( much better than jugo juice ) , great price . awesome staff ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always good and always fresh ! try the wraps and shakes ! staff will always suggest the right things to take to help you reach your dietary needs to reach goals wanted !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love having such a quality dance studio so close to my home ! gorgeous space , with fully kitted out studios - it 's way bigger than it looks ... there is a huge variety of classes on offer , for pretty much every dancer under the sun . i frequent the jazz and hip hop classes which are great fun - people of all different levels just giving it welly ! i would say its also amazing value for the quality of the classes and the venue - whether you 're doing a course or a drop in . comparing it to some exercise venues in edinburgh that can charge upwards of \u00a310 per hour ( ! ! ) , a \u00a36.50 drop in is an absolute steal . get your butt to a class , have a blast and , when in doubt , pretend you 're beyonce . works for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is beautiful , and the staff was super friendly with me ( a confused american ) ! it deserves a 5 for the fact that it is an amazing facility , very clean , and one of the the only places i have danced that has decent locker rooms , changing facilities , etc . i am doing the second level belly dance here , and my first class was a lot of fun , the teacher was good , and she ran the class really well . i do think that this place is too focused on western forms of dance , such as modern , contemporary dance in comparison with places i have dances before which have been more spread across the board . for me , ideally it should have more advanced levels in belly dance , and african , latin dances , etc . however , i suspect that might be how the demand is for dance in this city , i am not sure yet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is just a wee update to my last review , as previously whilst giving it 5 stars , i had also noted they did n't have as many latin american or african-inspired dance styles , focusing mainly on contemporary , ballet , pole , with only salsa and tango . since then i attended the afro-cuban dance class and all i can say is yey ! the facilities are as they always were - still excellent . i feel so lucky to have such a fantastic school right in the heart of the old town . it really is quite big , with so many different studios , all very well equipped , light , good flooring , barrs and mirrors . the range of classes is fantastic . they also recently did a summer performance with lots of different dance classes performing . i wish i 'd heard about the dirty dancing one before it happened but alas , maybe next year ! i feel really lucky to have dance base in edinburgh , and in such a great location too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been attending classes at dancebase for quite a few years and it 's a great space . all of the studios are light and airy with good heating and air conditioning , although some days they have both on . you also can book the space for private rehearsals if they are n't being used for a class . the changing facilities can be a bit small , especially if more than one class finishes at the same time but generally there is space . there are lockers ( that need \u00a31 deposit ) and good showers if you are heading onwards after class . i love that they have a try before you buy policy so you can drop in for free for the first two sessions of a term to see if you want to do the class and if not then swap to something else . another great thing about taking classes here is that you get 10 % off at nearby hula for post dance juice cake .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've taken a bunch of classes at dance base and loved everyone . i do n't tend to stick to any one thing , but for once have been drawn back time and time again . they cater to a range of abilities and backgrounds and i always find the staff and instructors encouraging and helpful . i have two left feet , but even they have learnt to move to music !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dance base is a gorgeous modern , custom built dance studio . there are a number of different studios with plenty of changing space and lockers . there 's a really wide range of classes from ballroom to burlesque and everything in between . during the festival there are often really good workshops on as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dance base is fantastic for anyone who enjoys to dance . they have a wide range of classes of all styles and for all abilities and it 's a very welcoming and fun atmosphere . the classes can be slightly pricey but it 's worth it to be part of such fun classes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have just done a burlesque course of classes and can not fault dancebase . it 's a gem in the grassmarket housing so many types of dance for all ages , stages and abilities . we 're talking adult ballet for beginners , showgirl classes and so many modern styles ! the classes are really well priced as i got a whole term of burlesque for \u00a375 . you may think that expensive but for a dance class in the centre of edinburgh that 's pretty good . you automatically become a member when you register for a course . the staff are generally really friendly and willing to help . pick up a booklet or go on their wbsite and you 're guaranteed to find something that floats your boat ! the studios are lovely and big with huge windows that can be opened should it get a little steamy ! all studios have mirrored walls .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dance base is a great resource . located in the grassmarket behind the castle . they have a very extensive programme of classes each term ranging from tap to ballroom , scottish , bollywood , bellydance , hiphop , ballet and many more . they do classes aimed at children and older dancers as well . every december the classes put on joint performances . the building itself is also very pleasant to be in , with lovely airy wooden floored studios . some with windows on the roof so that on winter nights you can see the stars . they also do a good range of exercise based classes like yoga and pilates . the one down side is the changing rooms . these are too small for the numbers using them a lot of the time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dancebase is a relatively new set of studios set in edinburgh 's grassmarket , which offers a fantastic range of dance classes aimed at all levels of ability . of the four studios , studio 1 , in particular , is an excellent venue for dancing ( or lying back and relaxing in the sunshine through the glass ceiling during a pilates class ! ) . the range of pay on the day classes , though sometimes really busy , give everyone the opportunity to try out something new . the teachers are always knowledgeable and approachable , as are the administrative staff . the annual christmas show is always great fun and allows those of us who thought they 'd left their dancing days behind them to get back up on stage and show off a wee bit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know dance base through their kids classes and am thoroughly impressed by them . they offer several toddlers classes a week in their extremely beautiful studios and my kids thoroughly enjoy each lesson . you can pay for the classes on a class by class basis which is useful when dealing with little ones . not only do dance base offer these kids classes but also classes for every other demographic you can think of . from belly dancing to breakdancing , dancing to improve health young and old , beginner or professional they have it all . easily accessed in grassmarket at the centre of town it has something for everyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dance base plays host to a variety of dance classes throughout the week , at times to suit everyone . from traditional classes such as tap and ballet , to something a bit more exciting like african dance and flamenco . there are also classes in the art of burlesque and belly dancing for the really adventurous people out there ! i attended dance base for tap classes and found the experience really fun . the class teacher was very experienced and professional and the studios were always really clean and tidy . the biggest plus of attending my tap class ( apart from learning a mean shuffle ball change ! ) was getting to perform in a dance show at george square theatre . this was really exciting and a real incentive to learn the routines in class . the price of classes is quite high compared to classes in community halls for example ( it 's around \u00a360 per term , with discount for students ) . however , if you can afford it , its definitly worth paying the extra for the superb tuition and lovely venue .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the worst nail salon that i 've ever been to . i got fungus here . no joke . i 'm a regular salon goer for pedicures . this place opened up and it looked neat . i was excited to try this place . the service that i received was n't terrible . i 've had better , but i would have given the shop another shot until i got fungus . now , i 'm telling everyone about it . it 's disgusting and terrible . i will never come here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "daughter decided to treat me to a pedicure . we came in and asked if they had time to do a pedicure for me & a set of solar nails for her , they said yes . after sitting with my feet soaking for 45 minutes ( the water started getting lukewarm about 15 minutes in ) with no end to my waiting in sight , i decided i was going to go wait in the car for my daughter to get finished with her nails . very poor customer service . no one even checked on me or gave me any idea how long i would have to wait .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service was so bad i had to file a complaint with the bbb . this is a hit or miss place . i have had my nails done once and was truly happy . my experience this time was terrible . my nails look like a 8 year old did them . i am livid . i will never be going back ! ! ! ! ! ! ! they have horrible service and staff ! ! ! ! ! ! ! let me save you some time . do not go , i repeat do not go ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "turns out the owner is the rude lady lol shes going to get nowhere treating customers like that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "please do not go to this nail shop ! owner kim does n't care for her customer ! ! ! ! very rude and unprofessional ! she straight bullshits everyone who goes in that shop ! please ladies there 's other shops across the street who do better jobs !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after reading other reviews regarding customer service and hearing something similar the day i went , i will not be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i decided to give this place a try and it was probably one of the worst experiences ever i will never go to this place again the people do n't make you feel like you 're welcome and they seem like they 're in a rush and the end result shows that it was very low-quality products that they use and it just was n't what i expected the set up that they have here is nice and very creative but the quality of their work does n't represent what you would think you would get with the atmosphere the way it 's decorated .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got a pedicure here and while the lady i had was nice and friendly , i was highly disappointed with the hot rocks with my service and the fact she used callus remover on me when i did n't even have any callus in the first place ! now , i have callus on my feet and it 's very frustrating . the hot rocks were n't even made of stone and it was n't even hot . that was what i was looking forward to my pedicure most but that did n't happen . my two friends who got a pedicure with me also did n't like their experience . one friend got a white polish gel pedicure and the gentlemen could n't paint properly and had to keep removing the gel polish and thinning down her nails . my other friend was cut too deep and the lady put cuticle oil onto the wet nail polish when she was finished ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jun 20 , 2017 phoenix has an excessive heat warning . i go to tiki nail bar for a pedicure , & it is almost 90 degrees inside . the owner is on a very long vacation & employees do not know when the owner will return . the only thing being done to remedy the heat , is a cheap fan . i do not believe the a c is broke . i suspect the owner intentionally left it set at a high temp while on a lengthy vacation . the manger does not have control of the situation & intends to do nothing . bad treatment of employees & clients .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you want to be insulted when getting a crappy pedicure with terrible nail polish application , then this is the place for you !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i am so confused by the negative reviews . i went and had my nails done by deb , she was pleasant and funny . she did an excellent job on my nails and pedi . i would go to her every time if i lived in az . did i mention they serve wine and slushies ? and the atmosphere is so fun ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was n't greeted just told to sit at one of the tables . waited almost 10 mins for anyone else to acknowledge me and my entire manicure felt rushed . my nails dried for 15 mins and then within 5 minutes of me leaving and getting in my car 2 were smeared and messed up . did n't even bother trying to get them fixed since i was pushed out the door the second they said i was dry enough .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place ! so many different pedi options . all the workers here seem to be very nice and helpful . the lady that did my pedicure gave me an amazing massage and took her time . i was not felt rushed . my gel mani also came out perfect ! so funny because we similar names hehe my new favorite nail salon ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here at the tiki bar and nail salon . absolutely loved the service and atmosphere not to mention the tiki decor and drink bar ... ... pina colada slushy ? why yes please i started immediately relaxing in a wonderful massage chair . kim did my pedicure . i asked for the `` beach walk '' pedicure . it came along with fresh lemons , bath salt and a cooling and very refreshing sea scrub . 2 thumbs up in my book . highly recommend you trying it out . i cant wait to get back in there and try the other services they offer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is new and the ladies here are so sweet ! ! i came in after work and they serve wine and other drinks ! ! you have to come give the girls a try ! ! kim did my nails and she is the sweetest and has been doing nails for over 20 years ! ! i 've been super loyal to polish room for years . it this place can do the same work and is priced similar but they have more to offer and you can get drinks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is horrible . they are rude and ignorant . the atmosphere definitely does not fit their crappy attitude . there is one decent nail tech their . do n't waste your time honestly . their 20 % still comes out more than it would at a decent salon , they mark up their prices so they do n't lose any money ,", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wonderful , fun , relaxing , classy nail salon . i had the `` beach walk '' pedicure done by kim and it was amazing . kim made me feel like a queen , and made me feel so good . excellent quality work is done here . i was also given an adult beverage that was very tasty . kim spent just over an hour on my pedicure and it was fantastic . then she waxed and shaped my eyebrows perfectly . you must visit this salon , you wo n't be disappointed . it was such a great experience from beginning to end .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am in love with this place ! the decor is amazing , i feel in hawaii every time i step in ! the customer service is good , and of course the quality of the service is on top ! i found my new to go place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite nail salon ! i seriously love the pedicures and the prices are awesome . they also have a waxing room and i 've had my eyebrows done and hey did a great job . definitely visiting this place more often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've just sat in the chair for a pedicure and i can already tell that this place is definitely worth the 5 star rating . very spacious with many stations and they offer a wide range of colors . originally intended for a pedicure only , but seeing the work they 've done on other clients i quickly changed my mind and added a manicure as well . i 'm not one for acrylics , but they make them look so damn good ! will update once my visit is over !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome , super clean and sterile tools , awesome product and an experienced nail tech named lizz did my pedi she was terrific and super meticulous . everyone speaks english fluently and the atmosphere was very upbeat , will definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and a group of coworkers went there for lunch , 16 of us in total . the food was just ok , and the service just about the same . i 'm from chihuahua , so just seeing yellow cheese takes away from the 'authentic ' factor . i was n't crazy about the food , but the lack of customer friendliness is what is getting them 2 stars instead of 3 . if you 're open for lunch , and there are at least 2 large companies right around the corner , would n't you expect working people to come ? , and would n't you think they will want separate checks and fast service ? i mean , to me is common sense , it 's a lunch crowd . they refused , refused to give us separate bills or work with us . we have gone out several places , always a large group , and never had issues paying separate . but not here . huge inconvenience for just a so-so food and service . i rather spend my money elsewhere , and as a group we wo n't be coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the green corn tamale was hard , cheese enchilada was ok. rice was good and beans standard . what gave it 2 stars is the service . a kid at taco bell is friendlier . i sat at the bar and i think the bartender talked to me once , and it was to see if i wanted anything else . um ... no ! service makes everything . it can make so so food better ... this service made the bad food stand out more . i will be going to el encanto dos instead . it is out of the way but it is better service and much better food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was very bland . it did n't taste like authentic mexican food and i tried two different plates . not good at all . i asked the waiter for two carne asada tacos and he shook his head no.. i thought he was joking , but he said some nonsense about how they only do big orders of carne asada tacos ? i did n't fully understand what he was saying , but he just kept shaking his head no.. that i could n't get tacos . that was a first..a mexican restaurant not selling carne asada tacos.. very strange . i ended up getting a chicken enchilada and it was gross . probably the worst mexican food i 've ever had .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one and done ! called in a take out order and i should have followed my first impression . the person who answered the phone did n't identify the restaurant by name , took my order and name , said `` 10 minutes '' and hung up . no `` thank you '' or `` your total will be ... '' . ordered 3 beef tacos which were ok ... far from great . also ordered the beef chimichanga meal w refried beans and rice . the chimi was packaged in a styrofoam container and covered w lettuce , guacamole and sour cream . it was inedible as it was soggy after a 10 minute trip home . in fairness , maybe it would have been better if i had eaten at the restaurant . the refried bean were very runny and also inedible . hopefully your experience will be better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place . chicken fajita , chicken enchiladas , and tortilla soup are my regular selections . and some fried ice cream if i went running that morning : ) i sometimes call to get it to go on my way home from work , and it 's packaged by the time i get there , and always hot when i get home . tastes amazing , and is nicely priced . always clean inside as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best fish taco 's anywhere ! my husband and i love plaze bonita . the food and service are always consistent and good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and service ! went there for the first time for dinner last week . once we ordered we started to notice that the place got kinda busy . i remember thinking that this place must be pretty good . sure enough it was ! i ordered the flauntas combo and my mom ordered chicken fajitas . i tried her fajitas too of course . everything tasted fresh and flavor was amazing . they brought us free chips and salsa too while we waited .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "enjoyed a late sunday afternoon dinner with my wife and daughter . when we first got there , the place was empty , but within 30 minutes 85 % of the tables were full . the service was awesome . our waters , margaritas , chips , and salsa never sat empty . the young server was very nice , and checked on us several times . we let her know it was our first visit , and she gave some good recommendations . we are looking forward to returning soon..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to plaza bonita for happy hour . drafts were only $ 2.75 ! ! we stayed for dinner & the food was great . everything was very fresh and flavorful . try it - you 'll like it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ate here for the first time tonight and are thrilled to have this little gem in our neighborhood . its decorated very festive , service and food were all great . with not much to offer in the way of restaurants in our neighborhood , we welcome plaza bonita with open arms . we 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered a three plate meal with a burrito , taco , and a tamale . not only were all 3 delicious , but it was enough food to last me 2 full meals . i ordered the food for take out , so i do n't really know how the in house service is , but the take out service was very fast and friendly . i will definitely be going back in the future as it was really good food ( and a lot of it ) for a fair price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , awesome decor , fun music . food was the best mexican i 've had around here . fajitas were plentiful and sizzling with masses of accoutrements . friends had other dishes and combos -they all looked and tasted great . will definitely return", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great fajitas ! i recommend the shrimp and beef fajitas . it is not on the menu but they 'll make it if you ask . the shrimp end up with a great gbd crust and the beef is well seasoned and tender . service is prompt and friendly . good for families kids . a very good value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great lunch . my wife and i took our two young children at about 11:30 on saturday morning . the place was very clean and the staff was very accommodating . the staff was playing with our children and provided them with coloring books . the food was awesome . my wife and i shared the nachos . the portions were huge . we 'll be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great mexican food ! really good chips & salsa , nice environment and great service . love the bean and cheese burrito enchilada style . prices are super reasonable too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic place . first time at this restaurant . i am picky when it comes to mexican food and good chips and salsa are a must . loved the food , service and atmosphere . recommend asking for the chunky salsa , which has a bit of kick with the right amount of veggies . great homemade chips ! meals were amazing , especially the arroz con pollo . gracie and the staff were also very attentive and friendly ! ca n't go wrong here if you are looking for authentic food , and super service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go here on a regular basis and i really enjoy the food and service . the workers all recognize me now and are super friendly . a wide assortment of mexican dishes that are all worth trying until you find your favorite dish . my only word of warning is that weekends are extremely hard to get in at night . it 's not a very big place so you will be waiting to get in . if you have the time it 'll be worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a find ! ca n't think of anything to improve about this place . the decor is festive , the service is friendly and very attentive , but best of all is the food . the food is fantastic ! this is our third visit and the food continues to amaze . the best mexican food we have had . all this located in a small strip mall located on carefree highway just off of i-17 . i ca n't recommend this place enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad . not great . just good enough . the thing of just being good enough is that people wo n't keep coming back . me included . i would be willing to go give it another try , but would n't take family from out of town as an example of great mexican food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had a great experience . it was exactly what my wife and i were looking for . some good mexican food and a margarita after shopping at the outlets in anthem . we were n't looking for a major gourmet affair , just somewhere to stop on the ride back and we were pleasantly surprised . the service was awesome and it seemed very family oriented . i had the carne asada and it was really flavorful . my wife had the delux burrito and she enjoyed it as well . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just stopped in on a trip to wickenberg . i had the pollo azado burrito , under the healthy choices section . hands down best burrito i have ever had . the chicken was sliced really thin , combined with black beans and marinated mushrooms and carrots and rolled into a flour tortilla and topped with a delicious pico de gallo . my friend had a salad with marinated shredded chicken that she raved about too . fun decor and amazing food ! thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good ! we had bacon wrapped shrimp and albondigas soup and of course margaritas . great service and great food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've enjoyed plaza bonita the few times i 've been there . it has n't knocked my socks off , but it is pretty good sonoran mexican food . the atmosphere is nice . the service is good , and the restaurant is clean . they would score more points with me if they made their own chips and or tortillas , but all in all a good place to eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i just ate here for the first time . it is really cute and colorful . service was friendly and the drinks and food came promptly . i had the house margarita and it was quite good . i ordered nachos and specifically asked for shredded beef and jalape\u00f1os . there was not much beef but they were fairly tasty . not the best i 've had but i would not say they were bad either . my husband said his shredded beef taco was very good . overall i was happy and would return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for dinner with my family . i was parking the car as my family walked in . greeter ask my wife if there three of us as i walked in and my wife replied no there 's four . greeter then replied oh in a not so friendly way . we ordered drinks and received then when my special needs son had an unexpected meltdown . my wife proceeded to take my son out of the restaurant in hopes to calm him down . server then asked if we 'd like chips and salsa . i replied not right now not knowing if we 'd be eating there or not just yet . at this point the check came for drinks like my choice had been made . at this point i was feeling my business was unwanted so i paid check and left . as of now i 'm not planning on ever returning to plaza bonita .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food.. friendly staff and nice change of pace and the chili colorado is really good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to plaza bonita a couple of times and really enjoyed what i ordered . the margaritas are good , fresh chips and salsa . the food is definitely homemade mexican . i will be a regular for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we has the chicken chimichanga and chicken caesar salad both were very tasty ! tried the peach , house and tamarindo margaritas ... .yum ! service was awesome ... very attentive !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! staff is welcoming and the food is great . the salsa they serve is excellent and the chips are fresh . great value and great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we meet friends here maybe once every two weeks for some margaritas and food . i read some of the other reviews , and will comment : i love the fish tacos . we 've never had a rude server . the salsa is great , just hot enough . maybe we 're an easy to please crowd , but we 're always happy when we leave .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good was very good , excellent fast service and the margaritas are great . had the chef salad , healthy option and my husband had the beef fajitas which were very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked in and instantly greeted ! staff was so nice and friendly . only been a few times but the food is good and it 's close to home . super nachos are great ! not sure about why other ppl gave 1-2 stars ! ? ! ? ! especially over hamburgers ! ? ! ? ! it 's mexican food , not mcdonald 's", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent prices , welcoming and friendly and a great hairdo into the bargain . worth a visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner of this place , carie bradshaw , is a vile and disgusting woman who abuses her workers , forcing them to do hard labor and not paying them for their time . when she does pay them , the checks bounce . she literally profits off using young men she does n't pay to renovate and transport low quality furniture she prices higher . when asking for the money she owes them , she threatens them with blocking their number or crying `` harassment '' to avoid her duty as an employer to pay her workers and do so on time . do not support this terrible woman , she has the `` llc '' title as a way of avoiding getting sued for not paying her employees who perform physical labor for her . unpaid physical labor is unethical . irs if you 're looking for someone to bust , carie bradshaw should be your first stop .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "disgusted to hear that the owner , `` carie bradshaw '' , does n't pay the hardworking young men that provide physical labor for her and her company . pay your workers , carie ! this is unacceptable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "carrie bradshaw is a terrible business owner who exploits people for physical labor without pay . do n't support her", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the french treasure is truly a treasure of new , upcycled and handcrafted gifts . it 's a great place to support local artists . so if you 're wanting to just kill time , or looking for a unique gift for yourself , your home or a friend . look no further ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter and i had an emergency with one of our horses that was kicked in exactly the right spot on the leg to cause major problems . we took our tb into the clinic and was impressed from the moment we arrived ( and we are not easy to impress ... .. : ) dr taylor was our vet surgeon on the case . dr taylor was professional yet friendly and answered all of our questions . our horse did have to have surgery to take care of the issue . he called us throughout our horse 's stay to keep us up to date on his condition . we visited our horse each day and were impressed by the cleanliness of the stalls , barn , and entire clinic . when we picked him up today , his medications were waiting and we were given full written discharge instructions . our horse is doing great and will make a full recovery thanks to dr taylor and his staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. thometz is amazing ! she called daily to check on our old gelding ghost . dr. thometz is so compassionate and caring she is quiet and methodical with everything she did for ghost . i ca n't say enough wonderful things about her . the front office staff was so kind to me when i finally had to make the decision to have ghost laid to rest . they took care of everything including the removal . i ca n't thank everyone enough and i know ghost was thankful too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i adore the folks at az equine . dr taylor performed surgery on a birth defect in my horse 's hoof a year before i bought him , and 3-4 years later the hoof is just fine and the horse is happy , healthy , and in full work . dr leith performed my prepurchase vet check , and was kind and thorough . she was happy to tolerate my 7 page questionnaire and clipboard , and never seemed the least bit impatient while i took notes and worried . dr leith continues to work with my horse and i , with no intention of change . when i call , i get solid answers and courteous treatment from the office crew - i have zero complaints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eddie palacios , the on site farrier is amazing ! we have a horse that has been lame on and off for the past year . we have spent thousands of dollars trying to diagnose and treat her . . everything points to the foot however , the foot xrays clean . before having an mri done we thought we 'd give the podiatry center at arizona equine a shot . sure enough , it worked . eddie 's skill and knowledge of the equine anatomy is something you do n't find everyday . i 'm so happy to know that there does n't need to be a lameness issue to use eddie on an everyday basis . i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was an intern here for a few months and got a solid look behind the scenes . this is an amazing clinic with so many different diagnostic tools . the team of veterinarians is absolutely solid and cover a variety of different specialties . every staff member here genuinely cares about the treatment and health of your horse . they are professional in nature and very knowledgeable . this clinic really strives to make sure your horse is receiving the best care possible . there are no shortcuts at this clinic . every single procedure , no matter how big or small , is done very efficiently . the veterinarians are not here to waste your time or money . this is honestly the best team of doctors for quality equine care and have a facility equipped to match it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "five stars for my experience with them . i called in a panic late sunday aftetnoon with a colic horse . dr.z was very helpful and we decided to wait until morning . my horse got better during the night , but we were monitoring through the night ready to haul 35 miles if need be . a go to for is if needed in the future . thanks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr taylor and his staff were incredible ! dr. taylor kept us informed daily our serena 's ( belgian draft ) condition . the interns and staff treated our big little girl with kindness and love all the way until the end . we will be forever grateful to you for helping to make our serena 's passing a very peaceful journey .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 and i just moved to streetsboro a few months ago and were looking for a chinese food place . this is not the place . if you think this is chinese food , you 've never had good chinese food . the chicken and broccoli was pretty much bland slimey vegetables . no flavoring . very unimpressed and will not be returning , which is unfortunate because the service was great . a waste of $ 22 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we tried this for the first time a month ago and i was pretty impressed with the food . the servings are ginormous and the food is super hot . i had sweet and sour chicken so it really was n't that exciting but my husband seemed to enjoy his dish . i loved the eggroll . we need to stop forgetting about this gem !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just moved into the area and wanted to try the local chinese place . i ordered the beef and vegetable and pork lo mein dishes and the meat smelled and tasted like it was spoiled , especially the beef . the noodles had very little flavor and the vegetables absorbed a lot of the spoiled beef flavor . it was unfortunately inedible . the egg rolls were very big and were much better than the food . also , we placed the order around 730 pm and it took ~45 min for the food to arrive , which is much longer than typical chinese food delivery takes in my experience , especially since i live less than 3 miles away . based on some of the high reviews , i 'm hoping it was an off day for them . but i personally will not order from here in the future .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very generous portions for a low price , and always very fast with delivery . i 've had better chinese , but it 's still pretty good and they have great service !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my goto chinese food place since moving to northeast ohio . they make things exactly how i ask and how i like it . they make it quick and they make it right . favorites are the house lo mein and the crab rangoon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just moved to town and thought they had closed since the gps took us to a random place across the highway . that 's not the restaurants fault , especially since we should have noticed the big sign that we drive by daily ! our bad . there are plenty of options and the portions are generous . it 's fresh and piping hot even if you take it to go . next time we will order ahead and pick up or have delivery since it can take awhile on a weekend . we will go again , our family loved this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like china chef quite a bit . the value is remarkable . very cheap prices . service is strong . most important , the sesame chicken is just like i remembered as a kid - served with a strong and sweet sauce unlike other places i 've tried that weaken the sauce . the crab rangoon is also delightful . always a good dish , china chef still seems to make it better . it 's perfectly crisp , the cream cheese comes oozing out , so delicious , so hot . would give the rangoon an a , the sesame chicken a b+ and the value an a- .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there the other day and got chicken and shrimp lo mein ... it tasted like water , the chicken and shrimp had absolutely no flavor at all . it was ready in 3 minutes after i ordered it so in most cases fast is good , in this case 3 minutes equated to horrible food service . stay away !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing fancy about china chef but if you want really good chinese food at reasonable prices this is the place . service is always fast and they are always very accommodating . personal favorite is the governors chicken but everyone always enjoys their selection . i ca n't speak to the delivery aspects because i 'm outside their delivery area - but it 's worth the drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is the epitome of mediocre . nothing stood out . there was nothing inherently negative about my experience . the service was average . i ordered vegetable lo mein and wonton soup . it was fresh but very bland , no spices or soy sauce . it was just a very unmemorable , mediocre experience , which to be honest is the worst thing you can be . i would rate 2.5 stars an extra half a point , due to it being very very fresh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love china chef , price is right and they give you a ton of food ..and it 's good ! ! ! .for the people who wrote the negative comments ... if you ca n't say anything nice how about you practice saying nothing at all ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first order was missing an item . asked for a replacement and got something that was n't what was ordered . rather than admit their error the lady on the phone was very rude and would n't fix the order . we will never do business with them again after the way we were treated on the phone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all you can expect to get from chinese takeout . offer delivery for modest fee . use all the time . reasonable prices . standard menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great little place for lunch if you 're in the waxhaw area . it 's fast , friendly and affordable . i 've really enjoyed their carolina dogs ! you get 2 nathan 's skinless beef dogs w onions , chili , slaw & mustard with a side of fries for $ 5 . ca n't beat that for lunch ! they toast the buns on the grill along with the dogs . nice touch . the chili has really good flavor too . if there was any complaint , it 's the slaw is a little stringy . it must be the way they cut it . but overall the carolina dog is a winner ! they also serve breakfast . i have n't tried it yet but i will soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after reading great reviews for this place i was hopeful to find a new place in waxhaw to eat . we got in at noon and placed our order fairly quickly . that is the only thing that ended up being fast . we waited over 30 minutes for our food to come out . the waiter dropped it off and went away immediately . we waited a bit , but ended up having to get our own fork for our salad , our own catchup and mustard , our own straws , and our own napkins . he never came back ! for refills we had to ask another waiter . one hamburger was so underdone the outside was pink and the other was so charred it was black . we sent the pink one back ( again , not with our waiter because he never came back . ) we will not be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome wings when charred on the grill . my son loved the grilled cheese bacon sandwich , my burger was delivered fast and delicious as was the sweet sweet potato fries . best part of the meal was by far the friendly service . we will be sure to make this a regular place to eat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we enjoy eating at main street grill . has a great menu from breakfast to gyros . staff is always friendly and service has been wonderful !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have eaten here several times . i have been very happy with the selections . the onion rings taste like frozen ones from a bag , so i would avoid those . the tator tots are the best side in my opinion and one reason that i keep going there . definitely would recommend", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's not anywhere close to fine dining , but if you are looking for a true mom & pop find , this is the place for you . it 's speciality is lunch and has a hearty menu , with lots of great burgers , gyros & chicken sandwiches & wraps . but if you want something a little special , do n't be afraid to ask . they 'll probably whip it up on the grill for you in no time . very reasonable prices & counter service helps keep the tab down . enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so glad they closed . owners were not friendly at all ! ! ! ! they do n't need to be in business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a somewhat regular customer at main street grill ... ( not a whole lot of restaurants in waxhaw , nc ) ... but recent visit i tried something new that was fantastic . black & blue cheese burger ... on grilled rye bread ... it was 11 on scale of 10 . cooked prefectly and melted blu cheese was melted just right.. not fast food prices , but very reasonable for sure ... . friendly service also bonus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i liked the food better when it was the original owners . tho they have made changes and expanded . my burger was not cooked medium but my fries and cake were good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is good , the young girls need help with how to take care of guest . service is poor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food fair prices . went for breakfast , and will definitely be going back for lunch dinner soon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow . where to begin ? let 's start off with the fact that one of two trucks went missing for 5 hours in an inner-city move . it turned up at 10pm at night but was missing a box of our garage refrigerator items ( beer , water , soda , etc ... ) the base of a 72 '' tv , and the corner section of an office desk making it non-functional . when we reached out to the owner , he was completely unapologetic and rude . reporting this company to the better business bureau but highly likely they are not a member . if you value your time and your possessions , do not waste your time with this company . one silver lining ? the lead person on the team was very polite and tried his best to overcome the owners compete lack of professionalism . he needs to work for a different company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the 2nd time they 've moved me . both times they arrived on time . they are very reliable and professional . awesome job guys ! keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guys at arizona reliable movers did an awesome job moving me and they were on time and ready to move ! ! they handled my belongings with care when it was packed and unpacked . i have recommend arizona reliable movers to my family and friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scheduled them for a move and they never called and never showed up . after multiple attempts to reach them i have up and hired a more reputable company", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i purchased my car here two years ago and have had it serviced there several times . the one thing that stands out is how quickly the work is done . the staff is also very helpful and always explains everything . luckily i have only had regular service jobs done ( oil change , inspections , recall ) but each was done without giving me a headache . the only thing i can complain about is their parking lot . unfortunately the lot is way too small and i have had a hard time finding a space a few times . also , although they offer free wi-fi , it is very slow . once again , i believe the service they offer is top notch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazingly helpful ! we had transmission problems and no appointment . despite a very full schedule on a saturday morning , jim watts told us he would fit us in and he did . a mechanic named gordon worked on our car ( so sorry i did n't get his last name ! ) and these two guys were helpful , concerned and communicative . i was pleasantly shocked at how much effort they took to make sure we were ok. we do n't live in the area but they were wonderful and i would certainly recommend their service center ! they made our trip much better than it would have been ! i would say their service went beyond excellent and was greatly appreciated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best colombian food in town ! the empanadas are th best ! so delicious , and fresh ! ... do n't know what to eat ? here you go , empanadas to start , bandeja paisa with a natural juice to drink , then empanadas to take home ... you are welcome ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my bandeja paisa was everything i ever wanted and more . more than enough food at an affordable price . very tasty as well and excellent customer service ! definitely will return again in the very near future . two thumbs up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super authentic colombian , mexican and carribean food . in a world where everyone thinks they can make a `` street taco '' it is nice to find food that actually uses the right spices and people who know that you ca n't just toss a tortilla around anything and call it authentic latin food . nothing fancy or upscale , but if you are looking for `` real '' latin food , this is a great place to find it . take out is great from here too . there are a million places like this back in my hometown ( los angeles ) but there are n't that many here in charlotte - so i hope they stick around for a long time ! try the bandeja paisa and the aroz con leche to drink . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hmmm . so so would be my review . the food was good but not really authentic . it did n't have the true bandeja paisa flavor . the beans long with the carne asada tasted more mexican than colombian . the pupusas that my daughter had where horrible do not order them . service was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "non-descript , little family-owned restaurant in a strip mall . very friendly , courteous , and efficient staff . i ordered chorizo and two eggs accompanied with lime wedges and arepa . colombian food is less spicy than other south-of-the-border fare , so the lime added a unique twist to the chorizo . i really liked it . several items on the menu intrigue me , so i 'm saving them for a return visit . that wo n't take too long !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved the authentic menu they have . it let me decide what i wanted while browsing other options . service was great . they were helpful when i could n't pronounce things . also , they give can soda , so if you like a lot of beverage with your meal you may want to order two . the quality of the food was great ! i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great authentic colombian food , tastes just like back home . the service was awesome and everything is very reasonably priced . would highly recommend and definitely coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "es un buen restaurante , me gusto la musica y el ambiente ; me encantaron los individuales informativos de la cultura colombiana , este restaurante es ideal para almorzar casero como en la tierrita .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was excellent ! ! had mini bandeja paisa which i have n't seen one of these since i left nyc . also empanadas are fresh & very good . overall food was great waiter was very nice & even the owner came to our table to greet us & make sure everything was ok . i would 've give 5 stars , but food took a little longer than usual . we are definitely coming back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the minute we walked in the server was very pleasant and attentive . i ordered the bandeja paisa , it was amazing , the portion was very generous , i had a beef empanada , it very delicious , i also had their specially juice it was very good . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing ! ! been coming here for awhile and the food never disappoints . service is always exceptionally good ! atmosphere is so welcoming . i recommend this place a million times over .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is true colombian and the taste is great ! ! ! i definitely recommend gil 's kitchen ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worse experience in a restaurant ! my wife ask for a plate that it was overcooked and salty . told the owner and the plate was replaced with something different . and when the bill came was charge for the 2 plates ! ! . never in my life heard of this before ! poor customer service ! ! ! oh by the way food was n't that great either ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excelent colombian food . empanadas colombianas true to the flavor . bandeja paisa great portion , flavor full . small restaurant owned by a couple that always try to put on their best face . definetly worth the try", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i like that gil 's puts a lot of effort in communicating the beauty of colombian culture , especially to people who may not know much about colombia . the service has always been very attentive when we ate here . their empanadas are some of my favorites here in charlotte ( i think they 're slightly bigger and little softer fresher than other colombian restaurants in the area ) . more so than my wife , i tend to prefer colombian coastal food . i tried their ceviche which was pretty good . there 's really not many ( or any ? ) places around charlotte to find ceviche . so i was excited to find it here and not be disappointed ! in the past i 've had the fried mojarra and it was okay , but not spectacular . i think my favorite colombian coastal dish here in charlotte is still the sopa de mariscos from los paises . that being said , we like the atmosphere and ambient of gil 's , the food is generally good and authentic , and the people are very accommodating to us .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best colombian food i 've ever had , hands down ! ! ! i definitely recommend this place to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just went to this place for the first time and i was not disappointed . the food was delicious , the server was very attentive and helpful . i was very pleased with the large portions and the food was very flavorful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love trying different types of food which is what drew my to gil 's kitchen in the first place . i would say do n't judge a book by its cover . from the outside it does n't look like much and it 's also in a strip mall which can be off putting . this place is fabulous and the food is amazing ! i had some empanadas and the bandaja palsa . the staff was very attentive but not annoying and graciously answered my questions ( my waitress even coached me on how to correctly pronounce my dish ) . my friends had the mini palsa and tacos . we all decided that gil 's kitchen warranted a definite return visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been searching for an authentic colombian restaurant with good food for a while ! and guess what i found it ... you have to come and try it ! almost everything that i have tried is really good ! and seriously this place feels like a small house and the people are amazing wonderful customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best colombian food in charlotte . from the empanadas to there soups are great i come here every weekend 's with my kids and granddaughter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far some of the best colombian food in charlotte ! my wife & i have ordered food to go about 4 times so far . every time the food has been great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i thoroughly enjoyed our dinner at gil 's . when we walked in the owner greeted us warmly and took the time to walk is through the menu and make some great recommendations . we enjoyed some of the natural fruit juices ( i had guava in milk , yum ! and my wife the guanabana ) . the beef and the chicken empanadas were super tasty . lots of flavorful filling , and the sauce served with it complemented the dishes perfectly . we wanted to try a lot of different things so we shared the picada which had morsels of plantains , sausages , chicharron , yucca , and grilled beef . super flavorful . for dessert we enjoyed a piece of passion fruit cake ( torta de maracuy\u00e1 ) . it was super moist and delicious . service was great and prices very reasonable . we ca n't wait to try some of the other dishes on the menu . btw the online menu is just a small sampling of what 's in store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious empanadas ! the best i 've ever had . so crispy and fresh , amazing flavors , not overly spiced , just perfect . the green cilantro sauce was also delicious ! i had the passion fruit milk drink and enjoyed that as well . staff was extremely nice and accommodating . i will definitely be back the next time i 'm in charlotte ! atmosphere is just okay , but i would n't be coming here for that-the food and hospitable staff are the winners here : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i went to have lunch there by far the best colombian food ! best empanadas and natural juices ! and the service is awesome i just hope it stays like that ! so far i love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eaten here for both lunch and carry out . great tasting food , fast service and friendly staff . the empanadas have a perfectly crispy crust and hot steamy filling ( chicken or beef ) , every time . the bandeja paisa will be enough for two meals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious first time visit ! empanadas were hot and tasty filled with beef and potato . the special was chicken soup but we were surprised by the enormous bowl with side salad , avocado and rice . finished with a sweet tart passion fruit cake . owners were very friendly with helpful suggestions . clean with simple decor . ca n't wait to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the mini paisa , so delicious . the sauce on the sausage was amazing ! we came in so close to the closing time and apologized but they were so nice and told us to take our time . we talked to the guy working and before we left he gave us some meringues as something sweet after dinner , so good . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me start out by saying nice people when you first walk in , very welcoming . i ordered the bandeja paisa , a bandeja mini and tostones with chicken . overall the food was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a fantastic lunch here today . driven by this strip mall a million times and never would have guessed we 'd fine this hidden gem . but we did , thanks to yelp ! the staff was very friendly , the place was clean and the food was great . wish i would have taken a picture . but we demolished the meal . we had yuca , empanadas and a typical dish filled with rice , beans , sausage , pork , steak and an egg for good measure ! we have been moaning all afternoon from being so full ! great place to eat and the prices were not bad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is great ! i 'm colombian myself and that 's some good colombian food . i just wish they had more baked goods such as colombian breads", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let me start off by saying best colombian food i have had in charlotte , i am from nj were we have colombian food ine very corner , but here it has been so difficult to fin especially las empanadas i love there empanadas there fresh and delicious , they are always polite when i come in it is just delicious ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "casual columbian food . had the lunch specialmorning , hope you slept well . thank you for a great night . would love to continue that . , garbanzo bean soup , beef and rice with small salad on plate . tasted good and value priced . items off menu were $ 11-14 a bit high i thought for here . worth a trip . not expected in this strip mall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "how stupid do you have to be to aggressively run someone off the road while driving the company truck ? apparently just as stupid as the employees ( owner ? ) at sims .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jw was very patient with my decision-making process and great with follow-through . the crew could not have been nicer or more skilled . i love the way our house looks and very happy with sims . i would recommend them highly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were selling our home and thought adding additional lighting in the living room area , such as skylight or sun tunnels , would increase interest and prompt a quick offer from a prospective buyer . we spoke with aaron at sims exteriors , who thoroughly explained the two options . we decided on the skylights as the best choice . sims exteriors scheduled our work quickly , working with our neighbor for access . since we had already relocated out of madison , aaron called us several times during the process with updates on the project . he was very aware of our situation and was attentive to us . we 're more than satisfied with the quality of the work done and the professionalism of sims exteriors . we ca n't believe the light now in our living room ! we 've since received an offer on our home . we know the skylights made the difference ! we ca n't thank aaron and sims exteriors enough for the quality work they did on our home . why did n't we install skylights years ago and be able to enjoy them ourselves ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far so good . we took advantage of the groupon offer which gave us swim lessons for half price . we have 3 year old twins and they both love the classes . the classes are nice because there is no more than 4 kids to each instructor . the instructors are great and make the kids feel very comfortable . the parents are allowed to watch through the large glass window that separates the pool and the lobby . i think i am going to continue my membership for a couple of months and see how the kids improve .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my kids have been here almost a year . they are making good progress and the instructors are great . the customer service however and their inconsistent billing payment requirements seem to be unavoidable . they have made errors on our billing every month for the past five months . i recommend standing in front of the cashier with your card and requiring a receipt vs email every time . on several occasions they have charged double what they were supposed to . we tried paying by check for tuition only to discover they were n't depositing them and had a stash of about 5 of our tuition checks which they deposited all at once when i questioned why they had n't been cashed . bottom line , be careful with their payment requirements .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "both of my daughters have been coming here for about 3 months now . they love it ! the staff and coaches are all very nice and helpful . my youngest daughter is at a stage where she is afraid of going under water , but her coach encourages her and makes her laugh while getting her comfortable in the water . the waiting room is always very clean and set up nicely so you can watch your kids swim .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just awesome for children and specially for toddlers . i take my daughter there and she just loves it . all the instructors are very polite and friendly . just too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "danielle cvetanovich is amazing . she had my kids swimming in no time and i wo n't trust my kids to anyone else . she started working there in september and i ca n't say enough good things about her . my kids love her and look forward to swimming with her , she is the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall i would recommend this location . found the school on a groupon to brush up on my daughters swimming over the winter months . she seemed to like this much more than her first swim school ( that lady was so mean ! ) . both instructors were very sweet and patient . my daughter enjoys the class and is improving her skills . what really topped off the experience for me was a recent visit . they made a mistake with my daughters make up lesson , not a big deal . the owner happened to be there at the time , and happily offered to throw on his swimsuit and give my daughter a private lesson ( as they did not have a level 3 lesson at that time ) . i was super impressed that he jumped in , and enthusiastically gave my daughter her lesson . i 'm a business owner myself and would have done the exact same thing . fantastic customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have taken our son here for five months now . he came in with a fear of water . now her has confidence in his swimming , a respect for the water and loves going to swim class . the staff is very professional and the instructors give very good feedback after every lesson . i would personally recommend this location for your kids .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started my daughter here when she was 9-months old . she cried her first month of lessons and the paige , the instructor , pulled out the foam canoe ! it was the first time she did n't cry , she was even smiling ! the instructors are very patient , with kids and parents , and the front desk staff is very friendly and accommodating . i just wish they had a deeper pool and diving board .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this store ! ! ! alex ( leroy ) is always a huge help when i 'm there . i always hit the store up when i 'm in town to see what fun things he has . bought some of my favorite pieces of clothes there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was driving along the shitty part of las vegas blvd one night around 1am , headed to check out those creepy , decaying mannequins out in front of the talk of the town strip club with my pregnant girlfriend from arkansas . we passed by a new storefront chock full of artsy wackiness , and despite the late hour there was a man out front fussing around with the window display . so i screeched to a halt and went in to check it out . it was awesome ! run by leroy lopez , aka `` the gay elvis '' ( so called because he 's very flashy in his manner of dress ) , this place stocks all manner of bizarre , flashy vegas-y furnishings , home accents , art and clothing . the prices are somewhat high , but they 're willing to work with you -- i got a bad ass wonder woman costume for a really good price ... at 1am on a tuesday morning , no less . and that 's why i love living in vegas !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "alex 's place is a blast ... & so is he ! ! ! he is such a sweetheart & so helpful . the store is filled with amazing furniture , clothing , accessories , art & my personal favorite ... shoes ! actually , there is one less pair of crazy hot shoes there as my fiance surprised me with the pair of blue sequined pumps i had tried on ! thank you so much for all your styling & help alex ! ! ! ! i will definitely come back to see you next time we are in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad to see alex presley got his shop open ! i met him in january 2011 when he was working on his new shop ... .he was so nice to me , as i was on an adventure alone . i was walking down that part of las vegas blvd checking out all of those cool elvis wedding chapels when i came upon the very cool welcome to fabulous downtown las vegas sign ... .i wanted my picture in front of the sign ... .but was alone . i saw alex with his friend and their cute little chihuahua ... .asked if he would please take my pic and he was very nice to say yes ! i love my picture ! ! ! he told me about his new shop and showed me where it was so i am going to go check it out in february when i am back in vegas ! ! ! ca n't wait to spend some money in his unique boutique ! alex , you rock baby ! ! see you soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please if you go to vegas you need to visit this shop . there is no other place like it on the planet . he is a fantastic designer and you will find fantastic items . as a photographer i love this place . worth my whole trip to vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you 're better off flying to new york , taking the train to brooklyn , and waiting a few hours for the real difara . instead of a pie made fresh by the man dom demarco himself , this is food court pizza heated up by a bunch of teenagers . to add insult to injury , a slice of the pepperoni costs $ 8 ( ! ) . it is in a food court after all , so you ca n't expect much , but it 's sad to see the respected name sullied so ( i 'm still not on the difara bandwagon myself , but even the slices i 've tried from the brooklyn one are significantly better than this ) . maybe get a sandwich or a smashburger instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one slice of the `` house specialty '' pepperoni pizza ( with a bit of basil ) will run you $ 8 . comparing strip slices and prices , secret pizza is better ( and cheaper ) . i found the crust a bit plain and dry , but the pepperoni was good and i liked that basil was included . but this was not as good as i expected , given the hype . i have to assume their brooklyn location is either significantly better , or better-received because the prices are lower .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped in the caesar 's palace food court for a quick light snack before the legit 4 and half hour weight for the casino buffet and ordered up di fara 's greek salad . salad was like $ 10 and decent meal sized portion . loved the spicy peppers inside , feta was great , nice amount of kalamata olives - it was actually surprisingly good for food court food . plus , if you go to this food court this is one of your only vegetarian meal options as the actual salad restaurant offers zero vegetarian options . i did n't get the pizza here but it looked p good and you can order up and entire pizza for your crew for around $ 32 and save you money for those casino games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried it cause it said it was world famous pizza . it took forever for just 1 slice of cheese pizza . i did n't care for it . i did like the sauce they used but that 's it . i would n't have it again . but maybe that 's just me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the pizza here definitely does not hold a candle to the legendary pies served in brooklyn because there is no dom demarco in the kitchen , but it 's still loads better than the average food court italian . a slice runs around $ 8 , but keep in mind that a single slice cut in half could easily feed two petite asian girls before clubbing at omnia . true story !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a disappointment to the iconic brooklyn pizzeria di fara ... but then again , i 'm ordering it from a food court in nevada . `` i ordered some spaghetti with marinara sauce and i got egg noodles and ketchup . '' - henry hill", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped in here late one evening after visiting various spots and wanted to grab something to eat and keep me going . there was a line of people here ordering slices so i fell in line . ordered their two slice special . one pepperoni , one mushroom , and a fountain drink . $ 20 . some special . what can i say , it 's vegas prices . pizza was only ok . the mushroom slice was the better of the two . di fara is quite a famous name in the pizza biz out of n.y . it 's obvious here that caesar 's bought the name . i hope the old man got a bundle .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this pizza is pretty darned good ! really , it is ! i was n't expecting much at all and thank goodness i had n't looked at yelp before purchasing because this pie is worth more than 2 1 2 stars . we had 1 slices of meat lovers pizza and a drink ( looked like a medium ) for $ 18.43 after tax . the slices were huge and topped with way too much meat to complain . the sausage was spicy like i like it . they also topped it with basil which was a nice touch . this place satisfied my pizza cravings and made me happy . i would definitely try this place again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for what it is , it 's okay . not flavorful by any means and overpriced . 23 bucks for a 2 piece combo that came with a drink plus another drink . the soda machine was leaky on multiple sodas . and in addition to all of this the attendant cleaning the area in mid bite as i put down my pizza to get a drink cleaned our table taking the plates with my half eaten slice with her . when she realized , she said oh were you not done and of course i was then . skip .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pizza was incredible , staff was courteous and helpful ! visited the place a few times and tried their grandma and spinach pizza- delicious ! chicken delight pizza is amazing , tasty crust , seasoned perfectly . quality ingredients . chef joey came out to see if we were enjoying the food and offered us to try different pizzas ( including the spinach ) and when we did we were not disappointed ! will be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really liked my cheese slice . might have something to do with the fact i had n't ate or slept in 24 hours but i wanted to have this pizza multiple times during our stay and did n't get a chance to have it again so i would go back . some people said it was n't good if it had been sitting too long . mine was fresh though . also i have a feeling if you sit in the bar side instead of the food court side it could get you a fresher slice . if you 're staying at the forum tower might as well keep your cup so you can reuse it for free at the soda fountain during your stay . is that ghetto ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "plain cheese is the way to go ! i 've had both the square sicilian pizza and the traditional circle pizza . what makes this pizza so good is the fresh ingredients . i love the fresh basil on each slice . the food court staff is exceptionally friendly and even follow-up with drink refills etc once you are seated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good thin crust pizza for a food court . just like a true ny pizza you got to pinch the edges of the crust together to eat it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is fine . not sure what people are really expecting to get out in the middle of the desert , at a food court that is , but hey , everyone 's entitled to their own opinion . ended up getting a slice for like 7 bucks after using my total rewards card for a dollar discount . got the meal lovers one . it was pretty small but hey , did the trick . i 'm sure there 's better pizza around , but when you need quick food , this is just fine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i should have read some of the reviews before i went here . overpriced pizza that is open late at night . enough said . your money is better spent elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service was excellent both times that i 've ordered a whole pie to go . the first time , it was a short 15 minute wait , the second time i waited just 2 minutes for my meat lovers pizza as they gave me one straight out of the oven that was headed for their `` pizza by the slice '' counter . the staff was friendly and polite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the worst pizza i have ever tasted in my entire life . it is inside the ceasers palace casino food court and there was a very long line . we waited 15 minutes for our one pizza slice , and it just seemed really unorganized in the kitchen for a fast food joint . i got so fed up when i saw whole pizzas come out on the display case when my slice still was n't served ... so i went to the register and complained and that was the only time they remembered my order . it was $ 9 for one slice of pizza ! ! ! the wait was not worth it , the cheese was really cheap quality that it was sliding off the dough the moment we bit into it . there were blotches of red thick oil on the cheese it was disguisting . the pepperoni was saltier than the cheap pizza you grab at 7 eleven .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they had a huge line and we were walking on the strip for awhile and felt hungry . we stood in line as they sold their last slices and refused to make fresh ones and just reheated the ones already out on display . it was actually really satisfying and delicious . we were drinking a lot do it helped sober us up as we kept gambling . this place makes vegas fun lol ! it 's these places that you remember after a good time . we were winning at the slots as we walked the strip and time just passed by so quickly . this place was our winning meal . lol i requested for late checkout and we will never forget this place . haha", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pizza is pretty decent for food court fare . service is very slow and seemingly unsure how to have people line up . better options in the food court . wo n't be coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had the mushroom slice of pizza- a bit of heaven on earth ! my piece may have been sitting out for a while , so my only regret is not asking for a fresh slice . would have been a five star review if not for that and the slightly rude order taker ( rolled her eyes one too many times when we 'd ask questions ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pizza is good but when compared to the original i feel it falls short but not bad was worth a shot", "score": "3"}
{"review": "outhe bread knots are amazing . 3 for $ 6 . you will not be disaoppointed . pizza is $ 8 a slice . you make the call .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "$ 8 for a pizza that tastes like cardboard ? no selection . seriously who prefers a mushroom pizza over hawiian ? get it together guys ... not coming back here ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "late night pizza at di fara at forum food court . did i say huge ! ! ! portions meat lovers is the best slice for me . great food and service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm pretty sure the second i saw my slice go into the turbochef microwave the pizza gods shamed this place . while the brooklyn location might be the best in nyc , the difara here is not even close . save your money and go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awful pizza and overpriced ! ordered a slice of plain pizza , was bland and certainly not worth the $ 7.50 they charge for one slice !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for some reason my last review was taken down . only the bad reviews make it on here . i think the pizza is great and people are complaining about the price and not the quality . my favorite slice is the meat lovers !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pizza is cooked ahead and slices are reheated when you order . tasteless and expensive . $ 7 for cheese slice and $ 8 with topping .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "overall , we were not impressed with the pizza . we waited for about 15 mins in line for two slices and were only the third in the line . it took about 30 mins to get the two slices and it tasted like it was leftover from the night before and than nuked in the microwave .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as a new yorker who 's waited in di fara pizza 's brooklyn location for an hour and a half ( or longer ) and not regretting it , i was shocked at how bad the las vegas slice was . the sauce , crust , and cheese were all different ( to the slice 's detriment ) . the only similarity was the fresh basil on the pizza . not only was the pizza it mediocre , it 's overpriced . there 's lots of better slices in vegas much cheaper and di fara should be embarrassed for besmirching their brand .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they said it 's going to be 20 minutes for a slice of mushroom pizza . waited 50 minutes . the pizza was good but the amount of time spent waiting for it is not worth it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "chef joseph is amazing ! ! he goes above an beyond with his customer service . oh and the pizza is super good too ! ! fair price for being located in a hotel . i recommend getting a full pizza and sharing it with friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "total ripoff . $ 5.50 for an 11.5 ounce perrier . mediocre slice of cheese pizza for over $ 7 . crazy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mm well let 's start with the fact that the people working there cared more about laughing it up together then they did about doing their job . second , is this even pizza ? mine was literally so soggy . like it was dipped in water before they gave it to me . third , are they not required to heat up the pizza ? they slapped two pizzas on top of each other in my to-go box . all of that for 18 bucks ? no that 's ridiculous . i understand location and having to charge a large amount because of it but in that event have better quality products and workers . they should realize that just because most of the customers are drunk does n't mean they all are . never again . and i live in vegas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "slow service . lame crust . oil river flowing off slice even with no meat . cheese on the mushroom pizza was flavorful .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good pizza but extremely expensive . two slices and a drink is $ 18 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! . granted a slice is big enough to be considered 2 slices but still .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pizza by the slice . okay if in a pinch . it would have better if it was fresh . after it came out of the oven , it was like cardboard . they have about a dozen cold pizzas waiting to be reheated . on the plus side , the employees are really nice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not a very good new york style pizza . the reviews for the new york restaurant has a 4 star rating . what happen here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i see a lot of negativity and everyone is entitled to there opinion but this is a new york stable that unfortunately is not getting the love that it deserves mayb bc the the fact thee dom is not at at this location . anyways hopefully this place can live up to the og one . i honestly think this location has a simple classic pizza nothing over the top . they should have gave it more an authentic feel bc everyone is just bashing on something they have no clue about . di fara in new york is the best period but this on has a lot to live up . so owners live up to the name for everyone 's sake ! btw even at this location the pizza is still the best to me", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an excellent slice of old school ny style cheese pizza from difara . it was just the right amount of cheese to sauce . yum ! pizza was fresh and hot , they 've got it down behind the counter . i 'll be back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a native new yorker , skip it . $ 7 or $ 8 for a slice . absolutely unheard of . if you want pizza from di fara , go to dom demarco 's in summerlin . large 18 '' pie is about $ 18 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is dragging down the forum food court . i ate here twice , and was surprised and disappointed each time . lunch during a busy rush . i 'm not sure anyone working had ever hustled , or worked a fast service there . we all watched in awe as they clumsily bumped around getting orders out . plating , unplating , plating again . snipping basil ( nice fresh touch , but how about pre chopping what you need for the next 15 minutes+ ? ) , and generally confused . i waited forever and a day , and ended up burning my mouth because i was eating so fast ... .and still 10 minutes late back to my class upstairs . afternoon snack when there was no line . inattentive cashiers more focused on chatting with each other . way too long of a wait , considering nothing else was going on , again clumsily plating , unplating , replaying the food . sent my tiny ti go snack order in a huge pizza box . embarassingly large . the garlic bread knots were kinda cold in the center . ugh .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty much the worst place to eat in uiuc . bad customer service , terrible employees . talk more than they work , does n't seem to care about anyone who walks in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has the worst help ever . rude ! also , if you correct them when they are putting your vegetables on incorrectly , good luck ! only go here because it is close to my building .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after reading previous reviews , i assume they must be under new management . this is the only location in town where ingredients seem fresh , and they are always well-stocked . it is also the cleanest subway i have ever been to- by far , and the two owners are fantastic ! they are always quick and professional . we drive across town to come to this specific location now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they skimp out on a lot of ingredients here . never enough meat , cheese , etc. , but if you want lettuce or sauce , they 'll give you tons of that . i 've never had such a depressingly soggy footlong . i suggest you go to the jimmy johns a block away .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "typical subway restaurant . the main reason why i give it a two over anything higher is due to the fact that every since time i 've gotten a sandwich here , ( when put together by specifically one of the workers ) it 's always not completely folded correctly . this is done in a way that every time unwrap the sandwich half the ingredients are outside the bread and paper wrapped soaked with the majority of the sauces used . it 's just disappointing that everything is done so well , but the final step of putting it all together ruins the whole experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wir sind seit juli 2010 mandant bei herrn sperr und f\u00fchlen uns rundum gut beraten . bei fragen k\u00f6nnen wir jederzeit auf das freundliche team von herrn sperr zur\u00fcckgreifen , das uns mit rat und tat zur seite steht . mit der langj\u00e4hrigen erfahrung und kompetenz haben wir hier den richtigen partner f\u00fcr uns gefunden . vielen dank f\u00fcr die gute zusammenarbeit ! calwer-eck-br\u00e4u gmbh giuseppe montalbano gesch\u00e4ftsleitung", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehr kompetente und angenehme beratung zu fairen preisen . ich kann das team rund um herrn sperr nur weiterempfehlen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das team von thomas sperr ist \u00e4usserst gut aufgestellt . unser unternehmen ist immer , je nach unternehmenssituation , bestens beraten . ausdr\u00fccklich erw\u00e4hnt werden m\u00fcssen die ausarbeitung und gestaltung der finanzkonzepte , die dynamisch und proaktiv angepa\u00dft werden . vielen dank . - albert lackner - inhaber der conciliuim\u00ae management consultants", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the one place where i 'd come and just order the chicken , no sides , do n't care about drinks . just take my money and give me your delicious chicken ! seriously , their chicken are stand outs . we ordered the spicy chicken sandwich , chicken nuggets , chicken strips , lemonade , and waffle fries . the chicken is deliciously seasoned and fried to perfection . the sauces : polynesian ( what a totally random name for a sauce , not sure why it 's given this name - maybe because it 's like a paradise in your mouth ? ) : think sweet and sour sauce from a chinese take-out place . chick-fil-a : a bbq-y honey mustard pete 's hot sauce : omggood ! best mixed with the polynesian sauce !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how can you not love chick-fil-a ? ? after being deprived of chick-fil-a in my undergrad years in michigan , i am so glad i live 5 minutes away from one now . i still remember when they came out with the spicy chicken sandwich when i was a senior in high school . it 's still my favorite sandwich . you can tell they emphasize customer service , almost to a fault . the niceties seem a little forced from the young employees , but i remember i was once like that . practice makes perfect ! and chick-fil-a makes perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh how i love my chick-fil-a . this is not your average fast food fried chicken . my go to is the regular sandwich but the nuggets are also a solid choice . i 'm not a big fan of their breakfast options which is weird because it 's pretty much the same stuff . this location gets minus a few stars because it can be somewhat inconsistent . usually you 'll get that perfect crispy chicken but seemingly all too often something just is n't quite right-under fried , over fried or something odd about the seasoning . it 's such a bummer when it 's disappointing : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome as always ! ! ! just opened today and it 's packed . with the large crowd , they are moving us quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "typical cfa with top-notch service , delicious food , clean interiors , and free wifi . cfa continues to impress me in every instance with outstanding customer service , food , and clean interiors . i really appreciate them adding healthier items to their menu such as the kale superfood side that we are seeing in california at least . this location is right next to the mall and has its own parking lot and drive-thru . everyone was very kind and personable . the table service here is better than most sit-down restaurants . for that , cfa continues to be in the elite tier of fast food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't really understand the hype . compared to bottom rung fast food places , chik-fil-a is noticeably better . the service here is friendly and quick , but my chicken tenders were ready before i ordered them . the fruit cup is a nice healthy alternative for a side if you are trying to do slightly less damage to yourself by having a meal here . i 've tried locations new and old in other areas and have had a very similar experience every time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fine ! i will praise the huge corporation with a positive review , they have earned it ! today was my second visit and the place just does it right . very nice staff , so much so that it is surprising and seems out of place at a non sit down get a menu restaurant . of course it is being run by folks from the company at the moment but hopefully that will not change once those folks leave to open the next location . the food is above average right above mcdonalds wendys and right near culvers . but it is the service . they way they treat employees must be pretty decent , it would be hard to be that pleasant if they underpaid , overworked . bottom line , it is a quality product served by better people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't typically review fast food chains as my expectations from them are average at best . but this place really blew that expectation away when i went in for a quick dinner supper bite here last week . we ordered a spicy and a regular chicken sandwiches . both of chicken patties were freshly fried , extremely moist and flavorful and played beautifully with the bun and other accompaniments ! ! to make our trip even better was the exceptionally polite and professional customer service ! we enjoyed our `` fast food '' experience so much here that this will now become our go to grub for a quick burger bite : ) ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so excited for chik-fil-a to come to madison because i have heard so many good things about this fast food joint . i am honestly not impressed . i have gone a couple of times since they opened and the fries and chicken are always soggy , no crunch . i ca n't handle it . their chick-fil-a sauce is delicious but can it be made at home . their lemonade is good but it 's served in styrofoam cups : - ( the customer service is good but i wo n't be returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i always this chain . this one always has quick service , great food and very friendly . this time someone even stopped by our table to see if we needed anything else . now why the 4 stars ... ..there were people standing around with trays of food as there was no place to sit . the parking is always 95-100 % full and ive had to park over at the mall a few times . they need more of these in madison . update : when does the new chick-fil-a open on east washington st , near toppers ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nuggets or a chicken salad sandwich , waffle fries , extra chick-fil-a sauce , and a cookies and cream milkshake , freshly brewed sweet tea , or fresh lemonade ! you ca n't go wrong . friendly , positive staff as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a rare fast-food `` five '' for chick-fil-a , on account of their super-friendly staff , always-hot and crispy waffle fries , high-quality chicken in the form of their sandwiches , nuggets and salads , breaded and grilled options -- and especially the sauces ! pro-tip : mix the buffalo , sriracha and chick-fil-a sauce for a special treat that you know you deserve , then come back here and compliment me for that piece of life-changing advice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i had a movie date and decided to go to chick-gil-a for lunch before we went grocery shopping . we were n't thinking about the school noontime rush as we pulled in to the parking lot . there were several people ahead of us but the line moved quickly . as we were waiting for our food the rush started and the line was out the door and across the parking lot ( we had our food in less than 5 minutes ) . again , the line moved quickly and soon there was n't a line . the entire rush staff was around the dining area chatting with customers and clearing tables . i was truly impressed at the friendliness of staff and the quality of food . we will definitely be back . great job staff", "score": "5"}
{"review": "though often extremely busy , if you manage to squeeze in you will not be disappointed by the quality of great american food . the taste is excellent and the service is great too . i normally do n't gravitate toward fast food , but this certainly one restaurant worth the stop . love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after several visits to the chick-fil-a in madison wisconsin to have their chicken fillet sandwich , i decided to try their chicken strips because of my disappointment in the size of kfcs chicken strips . unfortunately , chick-fil-a 's chicken strips are 1 3 smaller than kfc 's and cost more . my recommendation to chick-fil-a is to removed the chicken strips from their menu . c brandt", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just went here today and the service was great . i especially want to give a shoutout to india . she is a really cool waitress ( or i do n't know what you call it at chick-fil-a ) . she was very enthusiastic , kind and was very good at her job . keep it up", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i decided to give this place another try . went through the drive-thru , placed my order and thought everything was going to be better than the last time . wrong . i placed an order for a grilled chicken sandwich , no cheese . asked to have them repeat the sandwich to me to make sure they got it right . grilled chicken sandwich no cheese . perfect drive up , hand over my card , get me bag and soda and i 'm off and on my way . ate the fries , drank some soda , opened the box to a crispy chicken 2 slices of cheese . clearly requirement # 1 for a job at this place is to be dumb as humanly possible or 2 points of iq higher than dirt , whichever comes first . the plus side , for my stuff fast and hot , but still a total waste of space on this planet . go to jason 's deli on the backside of the mall , way better sandwiches .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the customer service is fantastic ! from the sweet lady that opened the door for us , to tom taking my order . he was such a pleasant young man . so polite and cheerful , as well as the man that brought our food . deb stopped by to greet us and ask if we needed anything . every single person we came in contact with , was wonderful . the restaurant was clean and tidy . and our food was hot and fresh . completely exceeded my expectations . a++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you may be surprised to learn that they sell mostly chicken based sandwiches . also , it 's not `` you 're welcome '' it 's `` my pleasure '' when you are at the fil-a .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had chick-fil-a for the first time when this location opened up , and i have to say that i was impressed with the quality of the chicken that was in my spicy chicken sandwich . it is miles above the `` chicken '' that they serve at other fast food restaurants , and the flavors are great too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ate here for the first time . had a pleasant experience . for was alright , but the portions were a bit misleading . the staff was super friendly and very helpful . the place is new and updated , seems clean . overall good experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love chik-fil-a ! consistent , friendly service at every location i 've been to with delicious food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spicy chicken sandwich was really tasty . southern style , so pickles and mayo . still fast food , but tastes pretty fresh . if you have kids , they have a great play land . staff were very friendly . if wait til after the holidays til the hype dies down though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know how this place does not have an average of 5 stars ... coming from the south , i was ecstatic to hear that there was a chick-fil-a in madison . it is by far my favorite fast food chain , and definitely the most delicious thing you can get for its price . while it is n't the cheapest fast food around , i do believe that you pay for the quality of food and service . this branch is located conveniently next to west towne mall , and it has exceptional service . the staff constantly came around asking if i needed refills , how my food was , and offered to take my tray away when i was done with my food . i 've been to a lot of chick-fil-a 's , and that 's not something that they all do ! check this place out if you 've never had chick-fil-a and learn what all the hype is about : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've visited this location 4 times , 3 times were to replace either part or all of a food order . the 4th time i was about to order food but after waiting almost 7 mins without being noticed i walked out . i talked with the store manager and expressed my feelings and concerns . the store manager just wanted to send me on my way with some coupons and an apology . sometimes , `` sorry '' is n't enough . i work in management doing food service and the service i got at this location was absolutely pathetic . there was a shift supervisor working in the drive thru area that never turned around the notice the front counter if anyone was standing there , which i were . there was an employee that was ringing up another employees order , ... .neither noticed me . i felt like a ghost.. i 'll never go back to this place again , ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast food fried chicken with amazingly good service and even better waffle fries . this location is spotless inside and the workers are always very pleasant . even during the long lines on a saturday at lunch time , they get your order and food out quickly . do n't forget they close on sundays .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes , it 's crowded at lunch . why ? it 's simply the best quality and service of any fast food chain . if you 're looking for variety , it 's not your spot . for the very best fried chicken sandwich you 've ever tasted , you ca n't go wrong . eat the waffle cut fries right away , they contain no preservatives and are n't as good cold . i really like the polynesian sauce on mine . if you have any problems here , ask for jamie . he is the manager and super nice young guy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's good but overhyped . i like the chicken but wish they 'd cook the waffle fries a little bit more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a chick-fil-a . it 's got alright food and decent service , but i 've never understood the hype .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chick fill ah ( that is how my friend says it ) is the best fast food around . the food quality is great . the service is wonderful . i have dined there many times , most after 9 pm at night , and everyone is wonderful . refills are easy and done without question . they do n't mind if we sit and chat . drive thru service is great too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a first-timer , and i was impressed . i brought my son , and he gobbled up the kids chicken nuggets and fresh fruit . i had a chicken wrap and it tasted delicious ! i was pleasantly surprised ... especially for a fast-food joint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "might be good if the food was hot ! it was barely warm . quick service but to achieve that they are obviously cooking the food too far ahead . i would rather wait a few minutes and have it hot ! on the plus side a full sized greaseless chicken breast , fresh lettuce and a thick slice of tomato . the waffle fries are a nice switch but again barely warm . also ordered the spicy chicken sandwich which for me could have a lot more kick but for others might be just right . and be prepared for the over kill on the employee 'sweetness ' . sorry but too much of it and it does n't mean anything as it is very put on..no sincerity . overall the food quality was excellent and i will give it another try . perhaps today was just an off day on the food temperature ? ? ? ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really good service and friendly staff . definitely better then other fast food places . also a very clean building which is also a nice change from other fast food restaurants . we come here mostly for breakfast . i like the spicy biscuit sandwich and my husband likes the bagel one . we also enjoy the little hash brown bites . i get the iced coffee which is n't super sweet or milky . had a different taste then mcdonald 's . i like it but ca n't put my finger on the taste . their chicken nuggets are good , actually taste like chicken and has the texture of real chicken . i like the variety of sauces the have too . been here for lunch a few times and the drive thru was super busy . i had a chicken sandwich with bacon . it was good but did n't blow me away . overall , good food , better quality then other fast food places , and good service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "seem to remember it tasting better when visiting in south carolina . was disappointed by it when this store opened in madison .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "let me start off that when i went here , it was packed . tons of people were inside that day , but that did n't hurt my experience much at all . the service was pretty fast and actually pretty nice for a restaurant that full . i ordered some chicken nuggets with fries and a soda , and it was tasty . i wish that i could go get a refill myself instead of waiting in a long line . but , their employees are always helping around the restaurant , so you just need to ask one of them . also , i like the little ketchup packets : ) overall , i 'd say this is a pretty good place to eat , but it can be packed . on the day we went there , the parking lot was full and we had to park at longhorn steakhouse and walk across the street .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nothing special . just a typical fast food place that focuses on chicken . i suppose if i was pulling off the interstate in the middle of nowhere and had to choose between a mcdonalds , a burger king , an arby 's , and a chick-fil-a i 'd probably choose the chick-fil-a , but otherwise i 'm not sure why i 'd come here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i knew what i was in for , debated 3 because of it , but no . way too pricey for what you get . decent helpings , but just not worth the money . chicken lettuce wraps - strange rendition that i was n't a fan of ( cold pickled cucumbers ? ) , though fresh & sizable . cobb salad - fine , kinda soggy . certainly not worth $ 18 . lime margarita on the rocks - actually decent . i know you 're in a casino . rent 's probably astronomical . but arghh . might be the best value around , but i do n't have to like it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i here before several times and i 'm fully aware that the food is sub par , but i stopped in today to grab a drink while waiting for my friends and i was blown away by the lack of service . i sat at the bar and waited about 5 minutes . no one offered me a menu or asked if i needed anything , so i started making conversation with the guys next to me to pass the time . the place was pretty dead but the bartender still did n't seem to notice any of us . 10 minutes after that , we all looked at each other and said - yeah , let 's get out of here . two separate parties consisting of 5 people total and no one bothered to talk with us . for the overpriced offering of lackluster food this place is known for , you 'd think they 'd have some decent customer service at the very least . apparently , that was presumptuous as well . chances of me coming back here ever = zero .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this restaurant located inside the mgm grand , has a fantastic atmosphere . lot 's of greenery and of course a little mist now and then ... .the `` animals '' come to life every so often . i had the baked half-chicken ... which i thought was ok , but was a little over-priced..the bread was `` extra '' ..but i got a small slice which the waiter said that if i had more he would have to charge me for it ... the side of mashed potatoes which came with it was good but a small serving as well ... .the experience was a five , but all in all a three ... ..if ya go to the mgm , ya just got ta go in anyway and get something ... ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "im giving this place 2 stars only because of the atmosphere . if rainforest execs are reading this.. read very clearly . i 've been coming here a multiple times only to enjoy the set up of this place not for te food i repeat not for the food . with all te money that this place is generating and the $ $ $ price they are charging for bad quality food why do n't u freaks hire a good chef and change up the whole menu ? ? ! ! ! ! ! i recommend a 5 star award winning chef and a whole line up of different burgers and variety of french fries with amazing drinks ! ! ! think about it ? am i right or am i right", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the rainforest cafe was a fun dining experiencing . it 's set up like a rain forest and even has thunder and lighting . there is an aquarium and many animated animals . we were expecting a cafe sized meal , but they are actually more like a restaurant . we went there since we had a coupon for a free appetizer and used it on some quesadillas . they were delicious and were a pretty large portion . we should have ordered just that and one entree to share . instead , my boyfriend and i had two separate entrees and did n't finish either . he got a pasta dish and i got a shrimp salad . the salad was yummy with mangoes and strawberries . it still remained yummy hours later ( which was pretty impressive ) , except for the fact that a lot of the juice dripped out and got all over the box and bag . they have a store right next to the cafe filled with lots of colorful souvenirs and furry animals . i bought a cute little monkey hand puppet because it was too adorable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fun environment for the kids . the food was a bit pricey , but generous portions . i ordered a caesar salad , but there was so little dressing that it tasted more like plain lettuce . was n't terrible though . the hostess did n't seem like she wanted to be there , but our waitress was really sweet . fyi , it 's freezing in there !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we just split the appetizer platter which was reasonable . most of their other food is very over priced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went here because it was convenient for us to eat at since we were going to see ka . the only reason why i 'm giving this place one star is because of the atmosphere and b c its a cool place for kids . but the food was terrible ... i had some kind of mix plate that came with shrimp kabobs , crab cakes and one other thing . it was not worth $ 21 ! ! ! even their smoothies were bad . i would 've have much rather spent an extra $ 10 for a better meal at one of the other fancier restaurants the mgm had to offer . never again ! ! ! yuck ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "its a great strip restaurant . being it was great service , average food , and a great atmosphere . i cant say much about anything else , the food doesnt necessarily stick out and its over priced . for the food . easily 5-7 $ less at off strip restaurants .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's just ok , i the the atmosphere is better then the food . the portions are small and overpriced . i think you 're really paying for the entertainment ; large fish tank , birds chirping , a lot of animal sounds , and the occasional thunderstorm . it was cool to eat at a table in a cave , but overall i did n't leave satisfied .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "oh goodness , i was the envy of the table when i ordered the bbq chicken pizza . when it came to the table it was on a wooden paddle and it was oozing lovely cheese and full of chicken and bbq sauce . very delicious , great price , mouthwatering not only to yourself but to others , makes you the star attraction for the moment , and leftovers ( ! ! ! ) . rainforest cafe has a great menu and pricing , you will find something you like . my primal friend found a meal he enjoyed and was able to substitute the potatoes with veggies . my gluten intolerant friend was able to find food that was friendly to her tummy . sharing is caring and i was able to share my dish with my dinner buddies . nice location ( mgm grand ) , fun location , we did n't have to wait very long for a table , friendly staff , and good food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had a beautiful dinner ! i enjoyed their bbq wrap with beef and french fries which was very delicious and filling , paired with a juicy sweet mongoose mai tai . our server was brendan who was incredibly friendly , attentive to our needs , and very helpful , always with a genuine smile on his face . the environment is very wild and fun , noisy with loud lightning and wildlife sound effects as well as animatronic gorillas and waterfalls . my favorite part of the decor was the giant mushroom that housed the bar in the middle of the restaurant with the animal barstools and bubble walls . for my first visit to a rainforest cafe this was a delightful adventure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the decor is amazing . we had a great place to sit and felt very special for the night . we had the 'amazing appetizer ' and everything tasted great . the portions are big . the chocolate volcano dessert was good but too much just for 2 people after main entree ! the price is high but probably you have to pay for the ambience and decor !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was a interesting cafe with all the stuff animals making noises.i went so my granddaughter could see the neatness of the cafe.i was not impressed with the food and though it was $ $ $ .we did get the volcano dessert that was good but , for $ 15 it should have been ! lol it was a good first time experience for her and a last for me ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty expensive breakfast for what you get . atmosphere was cool . breakfast potatoes and toast were cold so they were probably sitting out for a bit . service was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "kids menu - great . service - great . appetizer - meh . hot dogs is two mini hot dogs that can be shared by two small children . plenty of different sides to choose from for young picky eaters . since the kids were sharing , they put their `` drink '' in two separate cups at no charge . thank you ! . our sppetizer was n't so good . at the rfc in orlando it was phenomenal ... not so much here . oh well . wrestling two squirming kids to eat their food occupied most of our time . = )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "two words : mojo bones ! first off , the decor is amazing . definitely the lure and attraction of this place . it 's a very fun , touristy place to be , what with all the fake foliage and fauna surrounding you while you eat . the food itself is secondary . speaking of food , the ribs here ( nicknamed `` mojo bones '' ) are great ! have n't had a chance to try anything else off the menu , but it has all the typical american items you 'd come to expect . definitely come here if you 're looking for a change of scenery ! ( wink wink )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful place for kids and adults . love the food , love the experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped by for lunch . after a twenty minute wait we were seated and that 's when i noticed the smell . it was a musty smell that was horrible . i had not eaten the whole.day day however so decided to bear with it . service was good , food was ok but overpriced . the decor is nice , especially for families with kids . i would not , however , eat here again as i feel there are far better choices nearby .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first of all , it was very clear that everybody who worked here absolutely hated their jobs . the four ( ! ) teen hostesses were giving out `` you 're an idiot '' glares to customers like they were candy . when we were finally seated , we actually waited 5 minutes before grabbing menus ourselves . then the waiter took our drink order and disappeared for 10 minutes to process it . 5 waters and a coke ! the sounds were ear blistering , too frequent , and accompanied by strange animatronic jungle animals . we were seated upstairs next to a giant gorilla who seemed to be stabbing himself in the stomach with a stick . that 's basically how i felt after dropping $ 30 on a denny's-caliber steak . this place , holistically , is in my top three worst dinings experiences of all time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the waitress was prompt with getting our order and really nice . however the food took 45 minutes and people that got seated after us were done eating before our food arrived . the manager ericka apologized and gave us 4 dollars off our order . after telling her that is more of an insult than paying full price for waiting a half hour she managed to give us 8 dollars off . so two starving people waiting about a half hour extra saved a grand total of 8 dollars . pretty much minimum wage . never eating there again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pizza looked good but i did n't end up getting it . i forget what i got now because it was n't worth it to remember . i will only go back because the females in our group love it . i go there mostly to get the jello shots from the bar on the way into mgm from nyny .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's basically an above average place to get some food before a night of drinking and clubbing . like everyone said , it is pricey for what you are getting and it 's your typical american type food but the portions were good and i 'm all about the portions . the animal noises and faux lightning was n't too distracting ... it 's just part of the theme people ! what do you expect from a rainforest cafe ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service is poor , decor is very fun , go for the fun factor , food is very average , good for a quick snack", "score": "3"}
{"review": "walked by on way to run and decided to grab breakfast instead . i ordered steak and eggs and it was awesome . great cut of meat cooked exactly as i ordered .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food for those gamblers who wants to take a break from giving the casinos their money . lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is way overpriced , but what do you expect ... you 're in a jungle-ized version of tgif 's ... in vegas . anyways , my 8 month old daughter loved the atmosphere , which is exactly why we went . pictures do n't do it justice , it really is a neat place to eat . place is really loud with jungle noises and mock thunderstorms . perfect for loud ass kids , like mine . if you have kids , this is a `` must-go '' .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was slightly overpriced , but for the atmosphere and ambiance it 's worth it . the waitor was friendly and gave us his recommendations on every possible section of the menu . all you hear are exotic birds chirping and tigers roaring every 5 seconds . i would also like a giant mushroom in my room . and skies and forest . the food was excellent . until i got food poisoning from the medium rare steak and spent the next 30 hours vomiting every hour .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you are there and want to pay for the atmosphere ; aka having elephant and monkey noises go off every 10 min , then this is the place for you . other than that , food was good , but for the price you are paying , not worth it . i got a bacon burger with fries because it was the cheapest meal on the menu for $ 16.50 . it was big , but i would say about 1 2 lbs . everything else with seafood or meat was around the $ 25 range or more . this was just for lunch , i ca n't even image how much dinner would be . like i said earlier not worth the money unless you want the environment . i most likely wo n't be going back to one of these .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it took , what i consider to be , a long time to get our food . when it came , it was n't worth the wait . the shrimp was under cooked , the chess sauce was runny , the clam chowder tasted like they used dirty dish water , just do n't ask me how i know what that tastes like .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best service i have ever had in any restraunt experience i 've ever eaten at . all thanks to phil and jennifer who work at the bar . we were here on a 4 day vegas 21st birthday celebration and these two employees were icing to the cake as this was our groups last meal in vegas . phil is a bartender and knows his alcohol . never had i met such a bartender full of energy and knowledge . jennifer was our server and she was awesome ! she 's consistent , nice , and always checked up on us . i 've eaten at 3 rainforest cafe 's in my life and this will be the best experience yet . phil and jennifer need raises as they are a huge asset to this company and the reason we happily dropped $ 200+ on food and drinks . because if the service is n't great , we would 've just eaten at mcdonald 's or the food court in the same hotel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is great for kids . our server was awesome . she did everything great and quick . our food was great . my wife loved the tomato basil soup . the blue mountain chicken sandwich was very tasty . everything about our visit was great . join there loyalty club . it 's worth it . it cost $ 25 to join , but they put that on your account and the next time you eat at one of the restaurants in the group you get it off your bill . they even give a $ 25 birthday credit which was suppose to expire a month ago , but it was still on my account so we got $ 50 off . this is the best service i have ever got at a rainforest caf\u00e9 and i 've been to sf and disney as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is n't cheap here , but their portions are huge so you can easily share `` one meal '' . we ordered the breakfast pizza which was sooooooooooooooo delicious ! tons of different veggies placed on a crust and eggs on the top layer . it was cut into about 10 slices , and we ( 2 ppl ) could n't finish it . all rainforest cafe 's locations have similar vibes . awesome decor , friendly staff , dark as hell ( with intermittent light from fake lightening ) , and windy breezes . only thing that i thought was different in this location is that this one at mgm was darker than usual and veryyyy cold !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not very good the atmosphere was ok . the food was ok. we had a lot of kids with us and they were not that impressed also . there are better choices in vegas .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we came here in hopes of having a meal with our 2 kids and surviving all at the same time , with no dirty looks from strangers . all of those things were accomplished at rainforest cafe in lv . the food was ok.. what you would expect . our waitress was nice , and clearly had experience serving families because she was prompt and attentive to our needs . its really loud in there and every 10 minutes or so they have a `` rain storm '' and the fake animals move and make noise . its really fun for the kids ! it was really expensive for what it is , so i do n't think we will come back . but if you come to vegas with kids ( i know.. blaspheme ! ) then this might be good for a little break in fine dining .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was great ! loved the atmosphere , and the food was good . we had the appetizer sampler ( spinach and artichoke was delicious ) and the blue mountain sandwich . i will definitely be coming back . alexis , our server , was attentive and had great timing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great for kids ! the food is not so good . it is really expensive to eat that not so good food . but we knew before we went there . because this place is great for kids ! ! we have an 8 month old who really loved seeing all the fish , animatronic animals , lights , etc . that is why we went there . so if you 're going for an awesome meal , do n't go here . if you have some kids and are able to enjoy the scenery and eat expensive sludge under an awesome rainforest of chirping speakers , then i would recommend this place !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the restaurant is located inside the mgm grand . been here a few times . even bought a polo shirt here once for $ 15.00 . the wait was a bit long each time we 've went . the service was fine each time though , and the restaurant appeared clean . the ambiance is pretty cool . it has that nice rainforest atmosphere , and you can even hear the sounds of the animals of the rainforest . the kids loved it . the food is decent . nothing stood out taste or quality wise so i will not recommend any dish . hopefully , you will try something you like . i do not know if i 'd go back to this location again . there are so many other more options in las vegas to try . i would probably only go back again if the kids wanted to .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't know what happened to this place . it 's gone downhill ! ! ! ! i used to enjoy coming here , the food was pretty good . this time it was super salty and not to mention expensive ! ! ! our waiter was super cool at least .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a bit pricey for the quality and quantity of the food but it is good and the place is cute with a huge waterfall and a fish tank on one side . i would so let a guy bring me on a date here . lol", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the decor and ambiance is the best i 've ever seen at a rainforest cafe ! they have almost every safari animal you can think of . the drinks and food are good too . id come back here again if i were staying at the mgm", "score": "4"}
{"review": "go here for the atmosphere and thats about the only reason to stop here . the food was decent nothing special , the service was average , and i understand its vegas and the food was way over priced for nothing above average food . overall , if you are with kids this would be a great place to check out because the would love it , other wise not really worth your time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a fun and entertaining way to dine ! we went here while on vacation in las vegas , and we are glad we went to this place . you walk into a restaurant that looks like a scene from the jungle book , with animals , trees and yes even rain ! very cool atmosphere and good food too ! we started off with some very good drinks and the island bruschetta which was good and i had the crab cakes which were very large but very very good as well ! we ate so much good food , we left very happy ! this is a wonderful place to check out as a novelty and the food is pretty good too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a group event here and they were very accommodating and easy to work with . the group was a support group for people with a genetic condition called neurofibromatosis , which causes tumors , paralysis , deafness , pretty much an unending list of suckiness . we arrived to find our tables were upstairs and the elevator was out , we have people with mobility issues and it was quite the problem . fortunately , they got right on it and had us seated pretty quickly . service was great and everyone enjoyed their food , if we come back to vegas we 'd definitely do another group event at this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every time we go here is always great ... super busy at the vegas location though , so glad i made a reservation ... our server was great , prompt , and on top of everything . our food was great too . kids had a blast . great for families !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cinnamon rolls are absolutely divine . 50 or so seconds in the microwave and you will be in heaven ! the staff here is super nice and helpful . they sell cute little tiny cupcakes for those that are on a diet . and when fukuburger visited their parking lot , they made fukuburger cookies ! fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was waiting for this bakery to open since the painting on the windows appeared . my excitement for this bakery was short lived after i tried a couple of cupcakes and the sticky buns . the pastries were dry . i thought i 'd give it a second try again and had a vanilla cupcake and lemon cream cake . dry again ! the icing on the cupcake tasted just like it was powdered sugar and shortening slapped on top . disgusting with no flavor ! i must say though , that the environment is extremely attractive and the employees very polite and pleasant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my sweet tooth was acting up today and i decided to stop at sugars . it 's about a mile from home - almost too convenient . i got two cupcakes , the red velvet and the carrot cake . the icing ratio on the red velvet was fine , and the icing was tasty . on the other hand , the carrot cake with cream cheese frosting and filling was quite sweet . mind you , my sweet tooth did n't care , but it could have been toned down a bit . the cream cheese filling was so heavy the cupcake was split in half and i could n't pick it up without it breaking into two pieces . the cupcakes were baked correctly and they were moist . except for the filling of the carrot cake cupcake , everything was fine . i think they 're a bit pricey at $ 2.50 each for a rather small cupcake . i wo n't be here often , but maybe now and then for a fix will be fine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time being here , and the customer service was great . i order a ham and cheese croissant sandwich . did n't take them long to make . but when i was n't completely satisfied . the croissant was hard . and i jus got turned off from the whole thing . but i should of known , it 's a bakery not a subway . so next time i 'm going go and see what they have to offer in the sweet depart .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came to sugar 's after work to pick up some treats for my husband 's birthday . the selection was limited compared to the cupcakery . the cupcakes here are a little cheaper though . i know that they probably do n't want to over bake but i think it can be hurtful for business . if someone comes in and find slim offerings they may think twice about coming back . i chose a vanilla , chocolate and a red velvet cupcake . i also picked up some chocolate chip cookies and a mexican wedding cake cookie . the cupcakes were a bit on the dry side . the item that stood out the most was the mexican wedding cake cookie . that is something unique that i do n't see everywhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the decor of this place is super cute and the cupcakes that i tried were fresh and excellent . i was a little nervous from the appearance of the cupcakes in the case . but those turned out to be just display and the really nice cashier went and got fresh ones from the back . the red velvet and black bottom were awesome . definitely will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "birthday cake for my nieces birthday . cake was fresh with beautiful strawberries in the middle , i ordered a few days before over the phone , told them the colors i was looking for and a general idea of what she wanted and they came up with a beautiful cake . i am not usually a fan of fondant decorations but totally perfect amount to carry the decorations and my niece was very happy . it was very sweet i think next time i might not do butter cream but thats a personal preference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the pastries are pretty solid , atmosphere was great - kitschy & amp ; cute ... but i was not impressed by the cupcakes . i tried the vanilla vanilla . it was dry , very heavy , topped with too sweet vanilla frosting , and one too many sprinkles . all in all ... great for a morning pastry , but lacking in the cupcake department .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "o lord , we 've been once after school , and loved it ! tried a smorgasbord ... halloween sugar cookies , slice of sugar free pumpkin bread , pumpkin cookies , white chocolate cranberry cookies , and fresh warm choc chip cookies . everything was amazing and exciting to eat . i felt like a kid in a candy store . the place is decorated really neat-with a couch to enjoy your goodies . i do believe they also serve coffees and make wedding cakes . great prices , btw .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been in several time for different reasons , and each time i am impressed with the service and the quality of the baked goods ! excellent business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible . i have treid cupcakery , project cupcake , and caked and this place is by far the worst . everything we bought was plain awful . absolutly no flavor . tasted like a kids baked it . i guarantee i could bake something 100 times better . yuck ! never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sugar 's really saved the day ! we needed a special cake last minute and remembered sugar 's . normally for a cake like we got you need a 2-3 day lead time . vicky & sharon came through like none of the other bakeries we called in las vegas . not only were they friendly and went the extra mile to help us out last minute but the red velvet w cream cheese frosting in our soccer ball cake was delicious . i ca n't thank them enough and will use them anytime i need a cake for something special . thanks girls you really saved the day by delivering a creative and delicious cake .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to live right down the street from this bakery and i still try and stop whenever i 'm on their side of town because those scootcheroos are so awesome . butterscotch flavored rice crispy treats topped with a peanut butter chocolate ganache . i always get a chocolate pecan bar as well . it tastes like a yummy pecan pie but with chocolate chips in it . they have many other offerings as well including buckeyes which are peanut butter balls dipped in chocolate and cupcakes , cookies , breads , froot loop treats ( like rice crispy treats ) , and other standard bakery stuff . the cookies are a little pricey to me , but the shortbread is good , i bought a chocolate banana loaf last time i stopped and it was moist and tasty . i 'd recommend if your in the area to stop by and at least try a scotcheroo . trust me , you 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this review is based on their baked goods . i always buy their white chocolate pumpkin loaf & some coconut chocolate fudge slab from the farmers ' market every week , it 's so delicious ! ! ! tastes like home made stuff . definitely need to check out their store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "still my go to place for delicious cakes , cookies , cupcakes and anything sweet ! their cakes are fabulous ... if you can dream it , they can make it . gorgeous and yummy ! my stand-by 's are still : pumpkin break and red velvet cupcakes . my son loves their chocolate covered strawberries , banana nut bread and snickerdoodles . i just tried their carrot cake and it is my new favorite . you just ca n't go wrong with sugar 's ! love . this . place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! it opens at 8am which is awesome if you need to pick up goodies before work like i did . everything tastes so yummy & fresh . i highly recommend the red velvet cupcakes . she even sprinkled edible glitter on it . adorable ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can only speak of the pumpkin spice loaf that i bought from sugar 's at the farmer 's market on the june 15th . i was super excited to see a variety of flavored sweets , but pumpkin is my all time favorite , so i loved seeing that there were a few varieties of pumpkin loafs . the lady at the table was very sweet and i decided to go with the simple pumpkin spice . i take it home and take a bite , it was quite tasty , the pumpkin flavor was light , i prefer it a bit stronger but it was okay . sugar 's would 've gotten a better rating from me if i did not find three flour pockets within the loaf , one is kinda excusable but anymore is a bit much for a bakery . i do not know whether i will try them again , it a was a decent loaf but nothing warranting me to return to the table to try them again . maybe i will just stay away from loafs and try their other pumpkin products .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this bakery ! have had many cakes made by them and they are amazing every time ... .not only delicious but decorations are perfect : ) would refer anyone to them for anything without a doubt ... .you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never written a review for anything . this place is awful ! the cupcakes are completely dry . the cookies are bland . i have had better treats from 7-11 . try mad hatter.. they 're amazing . for cookies ... anywhere just not here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a review for their cookies only ... . i 'm back on my cookie craving and my husband was sweet enough to bring me home some cookies from sugar 's on a friday night . they close at 5 though so you ca n't come after work if you work till 5 . verdict : big cookies ( about the size of my hand ) and it was 4 cookies for $ 5 . cookies were crunchy on the outside but soft in the middle . i 'm sure they were n't cookies that just came right out of the oven since it was close to closing time but it did a fairly good job of satisfying my cookie craving . chocolate chip , oatmeal raisin and m and m cookie were all delicious . i definitely will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped in for tons of cookies , cupcakes and loaves . everything was soooo delicious , but my absolutely favorite is the pumpkin chocolate chip loaf . phenomenal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never actually been in the store , but i buy their baked good all the time at the farmers market at bruce trent park . almost always get a loaf of banana nut for $ 3 . next week the lady said she 'd bring gingerbread ! awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for those living or visiting the other side of town , you can find a selection of sugar 's baked goods at the sunday farmers market in the sansoni plaza on eastern avenue . we stopped and were surprised by the wide variety of mini loaves of bread that we being offered at only $ 3 each . after much consideration and debate , my wife and i chose a loaf of raspberry cream cheese bread that we planned on eating the following morning for breakfast . the bread was fresh and tasty , but it was more like a dessert than we expected . next time we will try a loaf of either the pumpkin or banana breads .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've never had anything bad here ! very cute place with polite employees . it 's a little strange when it is your first time there and when you place your order they do n't pull it from the display case , they go to the back ( kitchen ) and grab your stuff , this is how they always do it though ! i always stop and get goodies here when on this side of town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cody did a fantastic job stripping and cleaning our tile , as well as deep cleaning on the carpet . great job , great price !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing job at an amazing price . i have n't had my carpet cleaned in years , cody came in and made them look new again . repaired a spot my dogs had chewed through and got rid of all the stains from years of use . i thought i needed to replace my rugs , now they look new again . prompt , courteous , knowledgeable , i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we called lots of numbers since we needed someone to come within a days notice and harte 's came through ! very fast and well done carpet cleaning . doug was amazing , made conversation and was just awesome . definitely recommending to my friends and family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had cody come do some repairs for us and he was amazing . he was very professional and very knowledgable . reasonably priced . he does great work very quickly . i would recommend him to anyone who needs carpet repair or cleaning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great company ! ! ! we only use hartes carpet and tile cleaning . very professional , quick , trustworthy , honest and on time ! highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another amazing cleaning . i love that he is always on time and available for an emergency . we now have him cleaning our restaurant . would not trust anyone else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had cody come out and clean the carpet for our 4 bedroom home , including the stairs . the carpet was in desperate need of cleaning , as we have dogs . cody did a phenomenal job ! ! our stairs look amazing we are so pleased with his service and professionalism.highly recommend him and we will definitely be calling him back out.thank you cody ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i started the process for purchasing cabinets , i had no expectations of finding locally sourced product of this quality at the price point i received . the staff at the cleveland store , especially lauren pastron and mark hartman were exceptional . i am a project manger and this was my first home renovation . cleveland cabinets to go helped me to look like a rock-star . the homeowners love their new all wood cabinets with high end finish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go elsewhere for your subaru unless you like wildly overpaying and subpar service . i almost bought a car from here , but they are just terrible . both visits i paid to the store , someone was walking out saying they would be shopping elsewhere due to ridiculous pricing . they also clumsily use high pressure emotional tactics to try to force deals . from the moment i arrived , they tried to sell me cars i did n't want , from their horribly maintained demos to models they had too many of . even their new cars in the lot had mouldy coffee cups and garbage in them . and trying to get a straight answer out of anyone there was impossible . you just have to look at their crammed lot to know what 's up . in a weird way i should almost thank subaru richmond hill for being so awful . because of them , i ended up saving over $ 3000 by going to subaru maple instead and getting the car i wanted .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "alex was the best . he was friendly and we received excellent service from him . he was very patient and explained every functions features to us . he never up-sell any model ; he suggested us to stay at the basic model . as sam z. mentioned , he provided the most instructive test drive so that you got to know the car . it was n't our first test drive but we never received such a good informational test drive . we had fun test driving actually : ) i had my first maintenance service a while back ago and the girl at the service department was nice and friendly . i love my subaru .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never bought a subaru here but have been in the sales department twice . once they revised the selling price on a demo 2 or 3 times , probably to see at what point i would balk . they are very similar to willowdale subaru in that these cars must be sold at msrp despite their service requirements . the service department is one of the worst around , it happens to be close . two mechanics i know there are top notch but to get to them you have to o through the dreaded service advisors . i needed a new catalytic convertor and after one month of the part being on back-order , the factory being out of stock and every other excuse under the sun , i went elsewhere and had the work done in several hours . when i was in for the takata air bag recall replacement , the part had n't been ordered . the service department treats you well enough if you are paying , but if it is warranty recall work , do n't expect much . having said that , they do have several good mechanics .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "definately a recommended dealer for who loves subaru or willing to buy a subaru . i got excellent deal for my 2012 outback and very nice service from them . alex explained very detailed about the vehicle and also provided the most instructive test drive on every aspect i need to know when driving the new outback . i have a great experience on buying my car in richmondhill subaru , and thanks for their nice manner and professional service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best coffee in edinburgh , without the shadow of a doubt ! friendly staff , yummy scones ( and real clotted cream ! ) , ab-so-lu-tely to-die-for chai latte ( not the oversweet kind you get in starbucks ) , great coffee too ! i love the dinky tiny little shop although its often hard to get a seat at busy times . definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "avoid starbucks on the other side of the street . at wellington coffee you get a great coffee , fab bacon and egg roll and lovely scones . good stuff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best scones in edinburgh , without a doubt ! and not just the usual variety : cranberry , apricot and blueberry too ! the banana cake and carrot cakes are amazing too . the coffee is also the best in the city ( and they do a good cup of tea too ) and there 's a great selection of affordable snacks . stylish if bijou surroundings , great location and very friendly staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is absolutely the best coffee in edinburgh . its only a wee place so if its busy when you drop by , move on and come back another time because its worth it . sister shop to kilimanjaro and the same great quality with even friendlier service . gets the number one best rating from http : edinburghcoffeelovers.blogspot.com twitter - @ edinburghcoffee", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easily some of the best coffee in edinburgh . normally i have to put sugar in my coffee as the roasts are so bitter , but the coffee here seems naturally sweet and smooth . only downside is that the cafe seating area is so tiny !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my top 3 coffee stops in edinburgh great espresso well made", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're into good coffee and are seeking the perfect cup in edinburgh , then wellington hits the spot . they make good strong flat whites , and lovely fresh scones . the cafe is small but even getting a take-away is worth it ! however , if you do manage to grab a seat in this tiny establishment , then you get to enjoy the charming wall illustrations and friendly service . my only criticism is that for a place that takes coffee so seriously , it would be great if they offered some alternative bean varieties .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found on another site that sean is the cook . ca n't find a real review for this place . it 's close to my house and i would buy the livingsocial deal and try it if i could find an honest review .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "utter garbage and one of the worst places i have ever dined at . it is a hole-in-the-wall restaurant bar that it pretty difficult to find . arrived at 6:50pm and there was one waitress bartender and one cook . i was not greeted upon entry and ended up just sitting down . the waitress was either playing with her phone all night or talking to the gentleman at the bar , after given a menu , waitress did not come back for another 10 minutes . ordered . appetizer arrived and was not served plates so ate off the board . a chipotle chicken panini took over 30 minutes to come out , with the wrong side order and a ton of onions and instead of correcting it - just took it because i was sick of waiting . the chocolate cake took 10 minutes to come out , it was pretty good - ended up having a hair in it . i was leaving and i was the one who said goodbye - the customer . do not come here . period .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place , its quiet , quick , and great bang for yur buck , and all day happy hour enough said right , panini 's r awesome recommend the cuban w chipole crema , omg the bomb , their version of sliders r really clever also..good place for taking a friend..fresh food..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prob the worst dining experience i 've had . overpriced . empty ( it 's obvious why - first red flag ) . sub-par food , even worse service . stopped in because i was n't in the mood for sushi or pizza , which are the only other options in the plaza . ate half of my bland sandwich , the chipotle chicken ( what chipotle ! ? ) , and left . i stopped at mcdonald 's on the way home . and you know what ? even though i regretted that , it was still a huge step up from this dump . try at your own risk ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to mumbles for the first time this afternoon -- - enjoyed the acoustic music ( something you ca n't find a lot in scottsdale ) and enjoyed the cubano panini i ordered . i did n't go with the house wine ( even tho the $ 4 price was appealing ) -- but the $ amount for the duck pond chardonnay was appropriate . i struck up a conversation with a few other people in the restaurant -- - people seemed to be enjoying it and all agree the music is a great draw . overall , i hope this place makes it . it is different from the normal `` polished '' scottsdale fare that looks and feels like every other scottsdale restaurant -- - this place has an edgier feel -- - one that is a good thing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dad and i came here for lunch . they had options of either a quesadilla-type wrap or a panini . i got the italian-type panini `` new jersey '' or something . it was so good with the panini bread , it was fresh-tasting . dad got the special panini which was `` uncle luigi '' which was similar to mine , but with turkey . my dad loved every bite of his sandwich . they came with a small serving of potato chips . we would definitely come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree with rj - the 5 star review and the posted photos appears to be from the restaurants gm per their facebook page . that 's not good yelp etiquette .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great f'ing food . panini 's are substantial , did n't finish as a lunch . could even split . favorite is cuban , $ 10 , done . one of the better kept secrets in the area ... .typically pretty empty during the day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mumble 's place is a too well kept scottsdale secret . warm friendly staff that will remember your name after a visit or two . excellent menu . everyone has their own favorite , but i keep getting the reuben . home made sour kraut and sauce . $ 3 beer specials every day . live music many nights , especially weekends . it 's behind chase bank , between restaurants the good egg , and humble pie .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute bistro style place with great food drinks , great staff , & great music - what more can you ask for . took my mom with for my first visit & she 's now a fan too . we 've both been back since & will continue to go back for many more visits . thanks mumbles place for an awesome new spot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the living social deal got us here & we liked it very much , cute little place ! ! excellent food , great service , & live music . it 's new , so no friday night crowd yet which was nice ! i 'm sure things will pick up . we each ordered the bruchetta of which you chose 3 from the large selection . then we ordered the mini paninni appetizer as our meal , you get your choice of 3 kinds per order , so it was a great sampling of their flavors for our 1st time here . $ 3 bottles of beer too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a living social deal for this place and was not disappointed . the food was delicious , as were the drinks . the bartenders were super nice . we actually chatted w them for a while since we were the only people in there for a while . the chef tried out new menu items on us , so good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "staff are very knowledgeable and always friendly in this pet valu location . they have a great selection of pet foods , and even cat trees ! i buy my cat 's food litter toys here . prices are standard and comparable to pet stores . also make sure to take advantage of their bag program , which gives you a free food bag after 12 purchased bags of the same kind .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of the better pet valu 's location i have been . if you come here , do n't expect to find any cheap toys for your dogs as now they only carries the non toxic , eco-friendly and environmental-friendly toys ... this is a good sign ... for dog and cat food , the selections may not be as good as some of the global pet store i been to , but most of the products here are the higher end or holistic brands . staffs are friendly and helpful . the merchandises are all organized and priced clearly , so no surprises when you cashing out !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the staff here are very friendly and helpful . when we brought our kitty home we were not prepared at all with our supplies . the staff on hand was so patient with us and took the time to address our questions about the various products the storehad on hand . we got our kitty bed for half price and left comfortable knowing that we can always come back for more knowledgeable advice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm three treatments in with ashleigh and injexts which surprises me . never been a fan of this process but my perspective has changed . the horrible forehead canyons and between the eye hockey sticks have all gently faded away . the smile on my face is genuine as i 'm proud to look in the mirror pleased with the woman staring back at me . i no longer have that old before my time look or carry the weight of the world on my face . it 's such a relief , i ca n't sing injexts praises loud enough ! always professional , enthusiastic , understanding and impeccably clean atmosphere put my mind at ease . thank you so very much injexts for a wonderful transformation during 2016 . i 'm looking forward to a fabulous 2017 with your continued guidance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had botox several times and dr. o is one of the best experiences i 've ever had . i will definitely be a repeat client , i 'm done shopping around . her technique is excellent , almost pain-free , and she takes it very seriously . i felt that i was in very knowledgeable and professional hands .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come to injexts for my weekly mic b12 shots . dr. ortega is extremely knowledgeable and professional . her location and scheduling is extremely convenient , designed to get you in , out and on your way . after having a long hiatus on receiving the b12 injections , i was anxious to get back to it as i was feeling especially drained as a working professional and student . cost , of course , is always a concern as these usually run $ 25- $ 35 at most locations . i purchased my mic b12 in a package of 10 for $ 100 , you just ca n't beat that deal ! it makes this must have booster in my life very affordable . bringing my lunch to work just one extra day a week covers the cost and with my added energy getting my meal prep done ahead of time is a cinch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time getting botox but i must admit it was great experience . ashleigh ( dr. ortega ) was very thorough in her consultation and so i knew exactly what to expect and i was thrilled with the outcome . her office is very clean and definitely has all the state of the art gadgets that help with the high end professional appeal that it puts off . i 'd recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here on a whim because i get my hair done in the same salon studio complex . it was awesome ! ! i 've been doing botox for many years and have never had a `` bad '' job done , but i 've had some great ones . i would put this experience near the top . ashleigh ( dr. ortega ) is very nice , very professional , she listened to what i wanted accomplished . she did n't oversell me on how many units i needed , offered a great price , and my results look great ! injections are an art form , not just pure science imo , and ashleigh did it just right . i will go back next time for sure . i 've found two other providers i have used and liked in scottsdale but now have found my go-to place . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. ortega is super professional and the place is awesome ! she makes you feel welcome and guided me through the entire process ( i did the b-12 shot package ) . very clean and modern facility with tons of parking . there is also online booking which is so easy and convenient ! you will be writing a great review as i am when you experience injexts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have gone to other people for injections in the past but never have received the type of service that dr. ortegga provides . she is professional and has provided me with outstanding results . her technique is key . i have never had more people tell me how natural my lips look ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. ortega was amazing ! it was my first time getting botox and she explained everything to me and made me feel at ease . making the appointment was super easy and having it done was even easier . i will absolutely go back to her and have already recommended her to my friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr ortega is the highlight of my week , i ca n't wait until i get my b12 + fat burner ! ! ! she 's always ready for me even when i 'm in a rush ( on my lunch break ) and always with a smile . dr ortega also performed my botox , i 've had it done before , but never with as much information and time spent making sure that we were on the same page . it 's the best i 've ever had . she truly knows what she 's doing and loves doing it ! ! ! an extremely happy client ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a botox veteran and have become very particular over the years . all practitioners have their own techniques , but what makes one superior to the others is when they take the time and effort to find out exactly what the client desires . dr. ortega does exactly this and is detailed , thorough and professional . i love the results ! i will never go anywhere else for botox again . couple her top notch skills with the convenience and great rates at injexts and you just ca n't go wrong . injexts is a new scottsdale gem and dr. ortega will impress even the most discerning customers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had botox with dr. ortega about a month ago and i am extremely satisfied with my results ! she is very knowledgeable and i felt really comfortable with her ! her convenience and willingness to work with my schedule is something you wo n't find anywhere else ! i now go back once a week for b12 shots and love the way they make me feel , full of energy . highly recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ashleigh is very thorough and professional . she listens to your needs with no pressure sell and offers what is right for you . i trust her implicitly and would recommend her without hesitation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've seen dr ortega several times since she opened injexts . i have had my lips done and they are pucker perfect ! she put voluma in my cheeks so now i have perfect and full cheeks and i just saw her again before christmas for botox . i go to her a couple of times a year and while the aesthetic part of it is amazing and makes me not look or feel my age it also takes away my migraines . she never over does anything and always follows up with me after a couple of days to see if i need anymore filler or if it is just right . i like that versus someone putting a whole syringe in just because they have it . i recommend ashleigh ortega at injexts for aesthetics , b12 injections , skin care , and all her services . shannon m", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. ortega possesses every attribute one needs in a healthcare professional : intelligence , kindness , and empathetic . the effectiveness of the b-12 injections and the expertise dr. ortega possesses are the reasons why i will always refer injexts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am always extremely pleased with my service and the results ! i would n't go anywhere else to receive botox ! very clean and friendly : ) ashleigh is so great at explaining everything to me and is extremely flexible with scheduling .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to injexts twice and both times ashleigh has been awesome ! she super informative and only does what is needed - never too much . i always leave knowing i feel energized and natural ! highly recommend ashleigh and injexts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the smaller guitar centers i 've been to so sometimes they do n't have always the stock . however , they have great customer service . the bf and i have just been helped in every section of the store and people have always been nice , helpful . people are patient and thorough about questions . in the electronic section we seem to meet eclectic people working here who do djing or involved in music around town . it 's fun to meet other music people and cool to be invited to events we did n't even know occurred or given cds . i like that gc does price matching and it 's not too far from the house so it 's not a big deal if we leave empty handed . we enjoy coming here though because the people are pleasant and interesting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in yesterday to replace a cable for karaoke equipment . this was a quick and painless transaction . the kid who helped us knew exactly what we needed , and the replacement was free . ( because of the brand : lifetime guarantee . ) while my fella took care of that , i wandered around a bit . they have a good selection of guitars , keyboards , and a handful of other instruments . they have a handful of goblet drums ( arabic drums ) , but have them labeled as `` doumbek '' which makes me laugh . ( doumbek is not the correct term for the drum , its either a tabla or a derbekki ) i do like that they sell them , though , as i 've been in the market for one recently . i 'd come back again . i 'd like to see a bigger selection of piano music , but , beggars ca n't be choosers . their selection is n't as good as the town square store , but its ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very disappointed in the service at this store . my husband came in to purchase a guitar and spent a considerable amount of time trying out various models . when he asked the very busy clerks ( as they answered phones while customers waited at the counter ) for a whammy bar , they snickered at each other as if they were sharing a private joke . one of them pulled a bar out of a drawer and handed it to my husband . it did n't fit but worked ok for testing so my husband decided to buy the guitar . the very busy clerk then told him they were `` out '' of whammy bars because employees had been passing them out indiscriminately . he was told he 'd have to buy one to fit the new guitar . we left the store buying nothing . these guys are a joke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was here to purchase an audio recorder and the guys were very helpful . was offered great replacement warranty and decided to roll with that . i was in and out in 5 minutes . no complaints !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ukelele tuned up in 2 minutes flat by an expert who refused to charge us ! now that 's customer service that will make guitar center the first choice for any and all musical needs : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my kid plays guitar , lives guitar , breathes guitar , almost certainly dreams guitar so this is a regular stop . we have bought most of the collection from here or a larger sister store in slc . the selection is fantastic , high end right the way down to budget . a wonderful humidified room with the best acoustics is our favorite part of the store and helpful staff have guided us through each and every major purchase . there is a place in the store with accessories so if you want a string or a few picks , it 's all there . my biggest surprise on my first of many visits was the extraordinary selection of other instruments , drums , wind , electronics and so forth . like music ? you must visit , generally a sale or a deal available , just ask .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely horrific experience at guitar center . went in to have an acoustic guitar tuned and one string fixed . a male customer service rep told me he refused to touch it . i asked why and he said the bridge was lifting . a male customer came over and said he did n't see anything wrong with it . i asked the rep where i should go and he said he did n't know and he again said `` i 'm not touching it '' . all i came there for was a quick string fix and tune . after getting the worst customer service of my life , i left and went over to the family music center up the street . within 10 minutes , the guitar string was replaced and it was tuned . i asked them if anything was wrong with the bridge . they said no and even had the owner come look at it and he confirmed there was nothing wrong with it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just left guitar center and have to say that the first time i went there a few months ago i was very disappointed as i walked around for an hour and no one seemed to be bothered to help us and had i reviewed them after that visit i would have given them a one star review but this time it was much different due to the fact that a man named lawrence approached us shortly after walking in and have us 5 star treatment . if any of the management in this store is reading this you need to take notes and get the rest of your staf on point with lawrence as he is the best employee you have when it comes to customer service . thanks for your great customer service lawrence .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it should n't take 30 minutes just to purchase some guitar strings ... especially when there are more employees standing around the store than customers . stood around in 3 different spots near cash registers ... . totally ignored . then , when i finally was able to get someone to ring up my merchandise , she had a terrible , eye-rolling , unfriendly , pissy attitude . rest assured i will buy online or elsewhere from now on .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the people here do n't even know what they are selling . you come in with questions about items found in their website and they look at you like if you are talking another language . come on , if the webpage displays as available in store , then the sales associates should have an idea . also they should work on being attentive to their customers . when you are there no one bothers asking if you are finding what you need . they seem like they could care less at what you are doing there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "better than average guitar center . the usual great selection & prices but i found the staff well above the usual gc standards . selection may have been smaller than the mega gc 's but they had everything i was looking for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst customer service anywhere ... after going here and getting talked down to by some fat a hole , i will never in my life buy anything from guitar center again . because of this store ! ! do not go here ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "helpful staff without too much of the guitar center employee douchery you see at other locations ( cough hollywood cough ) . it 's a small location so make sure they have what you 're looking for before coming by .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "proaudio had some cool used gear ... this store has so many different midi controllers it 's not even funny ... i went into the dj room and their demos were cool . but the keyboard room had just crap . becides the korg ms board . they had absolutely no synths . and the couple they do have are ehhh ... ok i guess . they sell moog they sell waldorf and many other brands . but they had nothing worth it 's weight at all . what a let down.. the workers are more into making their `` gp '' commission than helping their customers ... i still choose gc over sam ash music . but still . it 's just bad ... it 's like they do n't sell anything.. so the sales guys are desperate . and the guy who is ableton certified . makes sure he let 's everyone know . all the time . come on man . i could do circles around that digbat.. get with the program management . your store sucks donkey balls..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came in with my son 's instrument . cashier helped a woman who was n't even in line before . i went to another cashier and instead of helping me they took another person who was n't in line . when i finally got to the counter the cashier did n't tell me to hold on , he just walked away leaving me standing there . when i did receive assistance they said they did n't do instruments . something that could have been said while i was waiting in line with a baby in a car seat and a sleeping 2 year old in arms . this place is a joke ! ! ! would never give this place business . need to fix customer service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give zero stars , i would . just left there after waiting for 45 minutes with no help . several people were complaining to the manager about the lack of staff and he had excuse after excuse . he should have offered to help . instead , he was too busy strolling through the store in his black suit , trying to look important . what pisses me off the most is , we almost bought what we needed on amazon , but made the choice to drive across town to support a business in our city . and now , back home to order what we need on amazon . guitar center and staff , you should be ashamed of yourselves .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was there yesterday with wife and toddler . was told by staff that he was busy and would help me as soon as he was done . 45 minutes later he walked to the back for his break and we went home -- no desire to sell . if i were the business owner would sit down with staff to explain the goal of a for profit establishment . terrible experience", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we recently decided to let our child start piano lessons . since we did n't want to spend a lot of money investing in a piano off the bat , we decided an electric keyboard would do for now . we went to family music center in nlv and was disappointed in the small selection . so we decided to drive to gc to see what they had available . guitar center had a keyboard in stock for $ 100 less then what fmc was trying to sale it for ! needless to say we decided to shop here . we had a great sales person who was friendly and knowledgeable . ( not a `` pushy '' person trying to upgrade us to a better model ) . overall we had a good experience with gc and would come back here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it should be 4 or 5 stars based on the prices , sales , variety and availability of pre owned products . problem is i 've made my purchase and im still waiting on customer service . .. the big issue is probably the commission structure . it forces some guys to literally lie to your face on what you 're asking for and what you need versus them telling you what they think you need . luckily i had all my research ready on my smartphone the true protector of the novice . and lucky for me one person that did offer honest customer service clocked in while the other `` car sales '' liar guy was going to lunch . so in fairness i did get customer service . i just had to work much harder than a consumer should have to to get it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this store has amazing customer service . the employees are always very nice , knowledgeable , and helpful . i usually came for the guitar section , but their selection of vinyl needles was very extensive too when it came time to get a good needle .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brought my guitar in to get some new strings and have it restrung . chad took great care of me and the price was a steal . $ 24 got me strings and the service . he also dusted it out , polished it and adjusted the bridge for easier play . he did it so quick to it was just amazing ! the staff are really dedicated and know their stuff . it had been a really long time since i had been there but glad to see things are still as great as they were when they opened . it is your go to for any musician .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think half of these 1 star reviews are coming from a bunch of cry babies . i have been coming into this store for a couple of years now and i have always gotten great costumer service . people are just so ridiculous and unpatient these days . recently purchased my guitar from jon and the process was painless . he provided me with great costumer service , he also helped me return and exchange items and the whole process was effortless . will definitely come that to this store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in , no one greeted us , several sales people visible . we walked around for about ten minutes , no one asked us if we needed assistance . i was there to buy a guitar and would have liked to have been able to talk to somebody . stood at the counter for five minutes , still nothing ! not going back , we will take our business elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has really terrible customer service . i 've dealt with a number of people and i 've only had a good experience with the manager ( which is why i give 3 stars instead of 2 ) . the cashier made a mistake on my refund and then blamed me ( the mistake took about 20 minutes to rectify ) before pawning the error on another associate . i ended up having to defend myself and almost finish their work for them . most of the employees are kind of condescending and not very attentive . i ended up purchasing from another location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing customer service ! all the employees are so friendly ! they have a great selection of anything you 'll need for your instrument . not to mention , of course , they sell all kinds of instruments too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought my guitar here at this store and had some problems and took it back to be serviced and adjusted . the service manager tuned it and adjusted it for free ! i will go back again . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the smaller guitar center in the las vegas area but still , it 's worth your time . it has lots of choices to offer but not nearly as much as the one by the strip . you can still get your little problems fixed and get some new equipment while you 're at it . the staff is friendly and the store is maintained well . they constantly get used gear in so it makes you want to come back to see what they got in next . it 's a worthy stop if you do n't want to go all the way across town but if you 're looking for a certain item , i would check here but know that the other one would probably have it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "updating this to 5 stars because the store is good overall and we will miss them if they disappear . y e l p uses these negative reviews to hold businesses ransom . do n't want to contribute to that . they will filter this 5 star but at least the 2 star will go away .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eh , what can i say ... it 's guitar center . my son loves all the guitars , being a dj , i love the dj stuff . pricing is good , selection is good , quality is good . employees seem more knowledgeable than many places , but it 's still a chain so they are n't `` experts '' . make sure you try to price-match and never buy any pro audio stuff at the asking price ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they may have some good quality instruments and other musical supplies , but i will never go again after my experience there . the problem started when i was called for a survey and i rated one aspect of the guitar adjustment service as 8 out of 10 because i had not had a detailed explanation of what was done to the instrument . everything else was cool with me . then a supervisor from guitar center left me a voicemail to complain about my rating , after which i got a very nasty voicemail from the man who had adjusted my guitar , which i will not repeat here , but it was abusive . i called the supervisor , who treated me like i had no brains and did not have a valid reason for my `` poor '' rating ( poor ? 8 out of 10 is poor ? ) . after that experience i can never pass by guitar center without shuddering . i thought they were never going to stop harassing me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "compared to other guitar centers in the country , this one lacks depth in electric guitars . major brands include gibson , fender and ibanez . sure , you can find some ernie balls , prs , and whatnot . the thing that really bothers me about this gc is that there are only a few high-end models . for example , you can not find a single ibanez prestige , there are only 1-2 jems , 1-2 jp musicman , 1-2 axis . i would say that most models are mid-range with a few standouts . the store does have some very nice amps and recording gear .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not a lot to say . in and out really quick for a couple guitar wall hangers . pretty tough to say a lot about this place , so it 's tough to give it a real good or bad rating . i 'm not a guitar player and have n't played my saxophone or the piano since high school . service seemed friendly , the host girl at the front door was nice and told us where to find what we came in looking for . the guy that helped us was friendly and checked us out quickly and the prices were comparable to what we could have got shipped to us from an online store . ( but we 'd rather help out the local business owners and give them some turnover ) 3 stars", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been a customer of guitar center since the 70 's in la and have spent thousands and thousands $ $ through the years ! and i recently been getting emails from gc offering a very fair deal on trading in equipment for new equipment . so i called 2 nights ago to enquire some info and when talking to the person in the drum shop he gave me an idea of what the trade in $ would be so i decided to bring in some high quality trades . a dw 9000 hi hat stand -pearl piccolo snare and a great condition vintage zildjian 20 '' jazz ride -the stand and snare drum are in excellent top condition close to new-i drove over 25 miles to the w. charleston location and the clerk was ok but the trade in amount was unfair and they did n't want the vintage cymbal . what business is this store in ? yes it is their prerogative to do business any way they want and it is mine to take my $ $ somewhere else- i am not angry just disappointed ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "joe was so helpful with buying a guitar for my niece . he was very knowledgable and gave good recommendations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed a gig bag for my hard to fit bass guitar ... after online searching i found one at the gc store on charleston at a reasonable price ... went in , was greeted immediately and the nice gentlemen went into the back and had it for me in literally 30 seconds.. the best part ? 10 bucks cheaper than was advertised on gcdotcom and that i was willing to pay . noice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pork chop was good . the beef was not good . too chewy . the shrimp salad roll was decent . the pho does n't taste anything like what a pho should be . i never had pho that has sesame oil and pad-thai style noodle . the pho tasted more like a chinese noodle soup than pho .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "in a sea of pho restaurants in this area , my friend brought me to this place since he lives in the area assuring me it was decent . the service is acceptable , not great or bad . the plus is they have chinese broccoli as a side veggie option . the spring rolls were not good , the broccoli was undercooked , the pho noodles were cold , and there was not much meat compared to other pho restaurants even though i ordered a large size . we were also the only patrons on a sunday at 11am . it 's a family run restaurant so i like to support the little guys but next time i 'll try another pho restaurant in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "here 's another one for kelly o . is this fake too ? great vietnamese place run by some sweet vietnamese women . mum 's in the kitchen , and all smiles on the floor . they have a special chicken soup that cures what ails me in the colder months . i tried learning how to make it at home and i just ca n't . i 'm sure they have this simmering all day in the back . it 's inexpensive and the quality is a1 . they get phone orders in for pickup from people on their way home . so their food has a great reputation . big menu as well . i always leave this place stuffed . one small complaint : it 's run by 3 women , so the place is kept super warm . if they cooled it down a bit , i would go more often . too warm , coupled with a hot soup , does n't make for a fun meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was good decent . the low review is for the lack of signage in front that this is cash only . it 's 2017 if you do n't have debit , you are both lazy and most likely 'particular ' about what gets claimed at the end of the year ... when i have to walk down the street , pay a debit fee and banking fee to get your 'blessed ' cash , it 's annoying . there are a lot of us 'cashless ' folks these days , get on-board . ultimately i would go back to the other pho places in the area , easier cheaper . plus what is it with vietnamese restaurant daycare ? ! wandering toddler switching between crying or hollering ai n't endearing !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you happen to be in the area and feel like having vietnamese food , this is a great spot . however , i do n't recommend going out of your way just to eat here . we went on a saturday at around 2pm and it was a little busy . i had the b\u00fan with beef , sugar shrimp and spring roll for about $ 10-12 . it was delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came to this restaurant based on good reviews by my boyfriend 's brother . atmosphere was like any other pho restaurant , similar to a cafeteria-style . small and narrow restaurant with approximately 15 tables ? the pho was tasty , albeit , not the best , but i was more disappointed with the spring rolls . although they were `` okay , '' they were n't fried with rice paper , but just regular spring rolls wrapper . i would probably return if i were in the area because this place seemed to be a lot cleaner than other restaurants near by and the wait staff were attentive . it appears that many westerners come to this restaurant as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "get the rice paper roll platters . for $ 13 , it 's more than enough food for two . the pho is pretty good here too , but sometimes the broth can be a little too salty . coming from pho-less parliament st though , really can not complain too much .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had bad vietnamese once and vowed never to go again . after a few years of my boycott ( i can be stubborn ) i finally went to mi mi on gerrard with a friend . delicious ! friendly service . very basic decor but clean . i got the bbq beef on rice noodles , my friend got pho and loved it . i would recommend . i 've been again and even though my meal was n't as hot as i 'd like the second time ( it took a little longer to get to me ) , i am looking forward to my next visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mi mi delivers on good , affordable vietnamese food in gerrard st chinatown , which probably should be deemed a vietnamese town given the number of vietnamese restaurants in the area . came here last night and had salad wraps and do it yourself rice wrap platters ( which has an actual vietnamese name , but i do n't recall what it is ) . both dishes were very good . salad wraps had nice pieces of shrimp and done well . i had the special mixed platter , which came with beef , chicken , shrimp on sugar cane and probably other cuts of meat . it was enormous and filling . the accompanying veggies were crisp and fresh ! i was most impressed by the service and decor . it 's not a fancy place by any means , but the menus are nicely printed , space was clean and comfortable and the servers were pleasant and even took time to answer questions about the menu . not the typical transactional service i experience at most vietnamese restos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is the best part of this place . nice , friendly and attentive . cha gio are home made but not fabulous . pho is too bland to my taste and meat not a first choice . perhaps this place is better for bun and do-it-yourself plate combos . i can continue to look for the best pho in toronto .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i found the hu tieu thap cam kho a bit bland compared to kimbo kimpo but i think it 's because this place does n't use msg in their broth . overall me and my girlfriend enjoyed our meals and will definitely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the bun and fish sauce were awesome . the pho beef did not disappoint . flavours , smells all authentic . prepared fresh onsite . ladies were friendly . informal and no-nonsense atmosphere . go here if you 're craving proper viet food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the owners here are all very friendly . i go to mi mi when i crave porkchop and chicken on rice . i usually get them to make me a sunny side up egg as an extra . this dish here is one of their better dishes . i find that vietnamese restaurants in general usually have a few dishes they are known for - whereas everything else is ok. their pho and vermicelli dishes are just all ok. their rices dishes are better than most other viet places . they are also known for their shrimp dumplings in broth with noodles on the side as well . everything is preference and this place is above average then most vietnamese restaurant . i have been coming here for years and 95 % of the time their dishes are quite consistent . however , there are those odd times where their dishes have been disappointing . you can not rule this place out , there is a reason why they are able to charge a little more for their dishes than the other vietnamese restaurants nearby and why they are usually quite busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here is priced at a bit of a premium for the area but everything we ordered was very tasty . the restaurant is very large and kid friendly . service is good . we had a pho noodle and a rice vermicelli dish with a shrimp paste on cane sugar and spring rolls . everything was delicious . would definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite vietnamese restaurant in toronto . their pho broth is perfectly seasoned , the staff are friendly , the prices are good , and theyre open late . what else could one want ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i honestly think that anyone would enjoy food at mi mi 's . it 's just that good . but if you are a fan of healthy light food , this is a perfect place for you . food is flavorful , ingredients are fresh and you will get more than enough food for a good price . i love going there with friends and order fresh rolls which you get to make on your own . makes the experience more fun ! personal favourite : avocado smoothie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this pho was so fucking bad i could n't even find a rating for how shit it was . constructive criticism do n't dilute the broth", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! owners very friendly and accomodating diy platter with bbq pork and beef platter amazing . bun vermicelli very fresh curry noodles in a broth sauce out of this world . never tasted anything like it had vietnamese coffee.. omg it was heavenly . individual press ( at the table ) with condensed milk in the bottom", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh boy was i in for a surprise when i entered mi mi ... this was a fine dining experience . the place had a somehow comforting atmosphere to it , fair prices , excellent service , but alas the stores cleanliness failed the test . i was in a party of 4 people and all of us noticed that when we received our spoons and chopsticks they were slimy , sticky , and just plain dirty . we actually had to clean the chopsticks in the hot tea provided . other than the cleanliness everything was fine . i ordered bun nem nuong cha which was alright in a giant bowl , i could n't finish it . in total , this dinner cost us 43 dollars which is a ok amount . overall if you are looking to try a fast new not so sophisticated vietnamese restaurant ; i 'd recommend going to pho mi mi !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my go-to spot for warm vietnamese treatment in toronto . the vermiccelli fix for lunch , in any combination , is simply unbeatable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . the food is consistently delicious . they are a typical no-frills vietnamese joint but do n't let the sparse d\u00e9cor put you off . service is excellent at well . you will not be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "im torn about this place . i 've been a few times and have enjoyed their pho and other times it 's a tad bland . i like they have various size for pho as some other places only have 1 size . but what is consistant and soooo addictive is their assorted mixed meat fresh rolls . you get a huge platter of meat where you roll yourself . it 's awesome and highly addictive . i love it sooooo much ! ! ! ! their service is always kind and warming ... i just had a couple of experience where the broth is a touch bland . but of course i keep coming back so the food is of good quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best bbq chicken pork chop rice . when i come here i only get that", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are a ton of hidden gems in east toronto and mi mi is definitely one of them . the food , the atmosphere , everything about this place feels like home . you might have to wait a bit longer than a usual vietnamese restaurant , but it 's well worth the wait . the vermicelli is awesome and there are so many great combinations you can add to it . i 'm partial to the pork sausage and the spring rolls . and the service is great . they are super friendly and always remember you whenever you come in . give it a try and you 'll be hooked !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice mom and pop style vietnamese restaurant if you want quality food ... .try this place . everything looks fresh and well kept . cash only though but worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend 's girlfriend is viet and she said this place is good . she was right . the noodles were fresh , amount of meat was generous , and broth was super flavorful . also unlike the chinese owned pho places , the xl size here really does mean xl ! lady taking care of the front is attentive and friendly . the food does n't come out super quick like the other pho restaurants but it 's still relatively quick and the pho is definitely worth the extra few minutes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the grilled pork with vermicelli and do it yourself platter here . both very very tasty although i probably would have preferred a little more meat in the vermicelli dish . next time i will just pay more for extra meat - problem solved ! otherwise i really enjoyed their food , and the platter was huge with lots of protein !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my fav places when i lived down here ! ! this was quite awhile back in the late 90 's . probably came here every friday for dinner . and from looking at the reviews , its has not changed much . always ordered the pho . and shrimp roll wrap . always hit the spot . gon na try it , the next time i 'm down here ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their food always tastes fresh and home-cooked . the barbecue chicken legs and the chicken curry soup with vermicelli are our favorites . clean restaurant and friendly service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been by this place many times but never gone in , and i 'm glad i did tonight . i had the bbq pork , spring roll , and shredded pork skin vermicelli , which was pretty good . i like the addition of pork skin , which is n't available in all vietnamese restaurants . the spring roll was also good but not very hot . same with the bbq pork . and the noodles were a bit thinner and softer than i like , but that 's just a personal preference . service was friendly but a bit slow . i 'd love to go back to try the pho . bathrooms are in the basement and pretty clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is n't my favorite target store . it simply is n't laid out like any of the ones that i normally visit which causes me to walk in circles looking for the right department . the traffic coming in out of this plaza sucks as well . still , it 's better than the walmart around the corner ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they just raised prices to ridiculous levels . $ 75+ just for my internet ... add today it went out , of course . first i have to go through the automated menu that is a complete joke . 17 menu prompts and tech support steps and 25 minutes later ... nothing . get a live person and guess what , they want you to do all the steps again so they can verify . what did i waste all this previous time for ? oh , they cant help me , so now its level 2 support . guess what ... lets do all those steps again . now its been an hour and they claim it must be on my end , they wil send someone out but i might have to pay for it . wrong . if i am paying you $ 75 month , you are going to fix what needs to be fixed and not charge me extra for that . well , im now shopping around and ready to leave cox after 7 years .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cable companies have been doing installations for ... what ... .30 years now ? you 'd think they 'd have the process down fairly well . unfortunately , you 'd be wrong . they still fail to call you , fail to show up on time , fail to do anything they say they 're going to do . i 've now wasted two full days based on empty promises from their installation people and i still have no idea when i 'm actually going to get internet service . and , because they 're a monopoly , i have no choice but to just sit here and take it . ( which probably speaks to why they have n't bothered to improve their installation process at all in the last 30 years )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "would n't even rate them one star . worst customer service ever . plus they tell you one thing and when that does n't happen and you call back they tell you something completely opposite . happened to me three times . do not use cox !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first of all , i consider that i pay a lot for the service & products that cox provides & i expect better . we went from directv to cox for tv & there is no comparison . the directv whole house dvr system worked flawlessly . on the other hand , cox contour system is a joke . the stops , starts & all of the `` try again later '' messages you get when trying to navigate though the dvr process is ridiculous . the main control box is huge & the remotes & control boxes for other rooms are big also ( in comparison with directv 's system ) . too bad we ca n't get signal for directv , i would be back to them in no time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awful cable and internet service . internet would go out once a week and then they wanted to charge me for a technician to come out . i switched to century link internet and it has been amazing . i kept cox cable and got the contour upgrade . half the time i have to unplug then replug in the cable box and it still does n't work . cable companies are a monopoly and i would switch to dish or direct tv if my complex allowed me to have a satellite dish on my balcony , wish i could give cox negative stars . hopefully they get bought out or they go out of business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "late night unannounced outages make me sad . and the `` clever '' surveys they send - which are in reality designed to find out if you know they did this to you - make me even more sad . long wait times and transfers to the wrong department are unhelpful too . some of the staff is indifferent as hell . you 'd think cox was a monopoly or something ... they do n't care . they do n't have to ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm a winter visitor , and every year when i come back , it 's some new game to play . new speeds , new rates , and then the internet is intermittent . gets so slow almost nothing works , then it 's back . maybe it 's just my skeptic nature , but i 'd bet they set up the speed capability of their lowest priced level to coincide with a speed that would give you problems downloading ... so you 'd then get frustrated and opt for their more expensive internet level .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm not surprised there reviews are so low.worst costumer service ever.internet never works tv hardly does ! whenever u call a real person does n't ever talk to u.spent 4 hours @ our house and still nothing worked . they still charged us money for a motive that did n't even work.never use them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give cox no stars i would . when you call you are transferred and put on hold , for at least 45 min before i gave up ! called back , almost got my problem resolved and then i was disconnected ! they have my phone number , they could have called me back ... but no that would be too easy ! they did n't tell me i could exchange my modem free for a higher resolution until the 4th phone call , then they hung up on me . i could go on and on , we 've been a customer for 15 years , but i am now switching to century link ... bye bye cox ... your customer service sucks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst cable company on earth . not only are the rates ridiculous they made me drive in to get a cable box to replace the faulty box i had.. but the `` new '' box they gave me also did n't work . their service is a joke . we need more options for cable providers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cox cable was here for six hours today . i had phone troubles . by the end of the six hours they had not only not fixed my phone they had broken the internet . arghh .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is about cox in general , not a store location . on the one hand , they 're good about coming to our home to fix problems with cables , or give advice over the phone and troubleshoot . on the other hand , their internet service is slow and inconsistent . we do n't want to pay a lot for more speed , and i suspect more money wo n't make if faster anyway . i 'm tired of rebooting my computer to get it going again . we 've had our computer checked out by a relative in it and our computers are in perfect shape . where we live , cox is the only service available .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am very very upset right now with this f # % ing company ! ! i moved here a month ago from out of state and was quoted 89.99 month and my bill comes and its $ 148.78 . so i call customer service ( joke ) and given a run around about added fees and taxes ! no offer to reduce the price or anything ! i 'm sorry but $ 59 in taxes every month ? ? ! ! that 's ridiculous ! ! i thought xfinity was bad back in my home state.. at least i was able to negotiate a lower rate but the guy in `` customer service '' basically said well nothing he could do just got ta pay it ! i will be looking into another solution for cable and internet !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been with cox since 05 . used to be amazing but in the last 2 years customer service has gone down hill along with the service . my internet is constantly going out . i have decided to make a change and give another provider a try . so far i 'm glad i did .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cox is the only company in the world i can truly say i hate to deal with . in addition to the worst service , their customer service is worst in world class . now their latest scam is every published number you can find takes you to a sales rep after a 10 minute wait . then from there you transferred to tech support for another 10 minute wait . then you get the village idiot who fumbles to reboot your box over and over . my box constantly freezes and they recommend you call them to reboot it . really ? with such crap service , such crap customer service , and overpricing i am looking at direct tv . if you are considering cox then do n't say i did n't warn you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "from the time i moved to scottsdale i have not had a satisfying experience with cox communications . first of all - a hard time `` communicating '' with cox . you get one person and they hand you off to the next . i have had 3 different telephone numbers and they ca n't even get my account in the right name . not only that - they at one time had not only the wrong number but the wrong name on the caller id that those i would call would see , pretty pathetic . i just wrote a letter to them and one to their main office in atlanta . ca n't do much else . wish they had comcast here . never a problem with them ever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service ... ..have been without internet , telephone and cable since yesterday . every time i call i get a different answer . first someone is working on it to now no one has been assigned to im sorry someone will be out tomorrow ... are you kidding me . we 've been customers for 15+yrs ... .. really cox get it together .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i called cox with the request that i have the cheapest possible internet and cable that included disney channel for 3 rooms . i specified i did not want a contract or any additional services such as a house phone . the installation tech comes to set up services and the work order had a channel package that does n't include disney channel , had a 2 year contract and a house phone with only 1 room . after being on the phone for 2 hours they finally adjust my terms and include what i initially requested . i was happy . but then i try to use my wifi and it does n't work anywhere in the house . this is by far the worst cable provider experience i 've gone through and i do n't recommend it to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cox is among the worst customer service providers i 've ever met in my life . if you have the opportunity to select anyone else to provide cable do so . there is no `` customer service . '' rather they will give you a series of excuses why they ca n't help you -- or quote a ridiculous fee associated with what should be routine service . cox cable would go out of business were it not a regulated monopoly in the region .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a bunch of m f ers . the only thing they care about is how to rob you more .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "avoid there cable at all cost . i had cox cable for approximately 8 year , before switching to direct tv . they start you at a reasonable price , but last only last for a short period of time before your monthly rate sky rockets . i had there number in my phone because i would call them every month , with a problem with my cable . i switched to direct tv 1 to 2 years ago and have had no problem and it is much cheaper . i am giving them 2 stars , because they are the only choice in town for high speed internet . i am re modeleing my home and moved in with my parents for a month , who have cox cable . there cable freezes every week . when my dad calls , they just say there is work in the area . i see nothing has changed with there cable . stick with cox internet , but avoid their cable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after 25 years of loyalty to cox im done customer service stinks ha what customer service so they raised my bill yet again this time up to 212.00 per month because my promotion ran out okay so i call and they on their own connect me to loyalty department it supposably for clients 22 years and more oh sure what ever cox cable the lady was short rude and really unqualified for the so called loyalty department she gave me a deal what ever 199.00 per month cox you 're out of your mind with greed ! ! ! ! ! make a buck or a million or even a billion but good lord you 're greediness is sickening i wanted my bill back down to the 181.73 it has been for years but no she said take it or leave it so cox cable i 'm getting someone to replace you we are so over this 25 year thing do you 're self a favor and spare the stress find another server other than cox ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "constant rate increases , poor customer service , and now new data caps with overage charges you ca n't opt out of ( e.g . no service cutoff limits ) . i sincerely hope their monopoly in my area does n't last .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "customer service is the worst of any service industry i have ever experienced . lots of bait and switch : phone representative tells you one thing , but then you get billed for another . way overpriced . if you have any options at all , do not choose cox .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "at the cox customer service 866-867-7644 there was an extremely arrogant representative benny who kept me 32 minutes on the phone while claiming constantly that he was the wrong department but could help me anyway , which he could not . he refused to connect me to a supervisor and even hang up on me . and he did not leave his credentials in their computer so he can not be traced ... he knows why . i should have ended that conversation way earlier . as everybody knows : cox has the worst customer service in all of the us and yes , there are a few exceptions . a few .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we purchased our service online where we chose a plan that came with one free premium channel . on our first bill , we were charged for the channel that was supposed to be free . when we called customer service , we had to speak with multiple representatives , but they ultimately agreed to honor the promotion and refund us what was charged . on the next bill , we were charged $ 15 once again . we called again and after an hour of bouncing between representatives , they would only reduce the charge to $ 10 month . we are extremely irritated and unhappy with how our situation was handled .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "your service is mediocre but the most disappointing part is your customer service reps. their bad attitudes and lack of intelligence . 3 thumbs dwn", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very poor service . cable has been out for 2 days . multiple calls each time a different person to explain the whole problem yet again . this am they said the problem would be solved by noon . big surprise . no such luck . finally after again explaining what was going on they agreed to send a technician . not today of course . tomorrow in the am . wondering if this will actually happen . now researching other options .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cox and their so called cutting edge technology with contour su ks ... .i have spend hours trying to keep the remote working with the box and so has many of my friends and family ... i returned the junk box to cox . each night no less than 1 2 hour on phone with tech support , is not worth it i heard there may be a class action with cox because of fraudulent claims that this company makes about the junk contour dvr . please let me know if you are having issues with contour as well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst company ever . poor tv service . poor support system . poor customer service and terribly expensive .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "from an initial price of $ 64.99 per month to a whopping $ 87.99 after 12 months . called in said best they could do is give me $ 5 bucks off . $ 82.99 . what a rip off for internet . zero customer service for existing customers . extremely unsatisfied with this company . i will be looking for a new internet provider period ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was really really annoyed with cox but since i left to europe for a year and came back , they have really stepped up their internet . all in one router modem in a beautiful big blue box with a strong signal - i no longer need my wifi range extender . it has 2.4ghz and 5ghz bands , so i am very very happy . but most of all its my 360mb s download , 50mbps upload speed i 'm getting - i ca n't believe this is even the same company ! way to go keep not sucking thank you cox", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service keeps going out and i 'm missing the game of thrones premier . hold times unbelievable . message said it should be fixed by 8:30 . i 'm not going to hold my breath .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is not a review of the company cox but of the installer who was awesome ! cory and his partner , just arrived from poland , were extraordinary , going above and beyond the call of duty ! when cory realized the sales person had not included a cable box on my tv order , he helped me get back to the company to review the order and rewrite it for the flex tv i wanted . the sales person had only given me service on a mobile device and not on my tv , my only useful source . thank you , cory , for solving my problem and getting me installed immediately instead of the next day which is what sales then wanted to do . now i have my whole order and it is ready to use and complete in a timely fashion . good job for the installers at cox cable ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in scottsdale and have never had any problems with cox cable , i use all their services and yes i pay for them . people always want everything cheaper and i get that . i wish everything were free , but it is n't . try sattelite tv for a while and see how that works out for you , it goes out everytime the wind blows..i hated it . i 'll pay a little more for reliable services anyday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have visited firestone twice now for major car repair issues and have received an amazing customer service and repair service from this location . mike , the co-owner , of this location is a really nice and friendly guy who takes time out to explain the problem to you throughly , even goes as far as drawing diagrams to show you exactly what is the issue . he even arranged for a car rental for me when my car needed to stay there for a day and made sure everything was done according to my schedule . his prices were fair and honest . i would highly recommend getting your car repairs done at this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pleased with the service . excellent customer service , i went in quite worried and the owner was very professional , took the time to listen to my concerns and made me feel like my car was in good hands . very efficient and competent , did n't take long at all , they know their stuff ! the price was reseanable , overall a great experience , highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for a place to go to get a tune up done and to diagnose a sound that was coming from the engine so i decided to check yelp for reviews on auto shops . this is where i found firestone automotive , the reviews were good so i figured why not give them a shot . i was very impressed by their service and the way that they treat their customers . they do a great job at an affordable price and do n't try to rip you off by offering things you do n't need . definetly going to become a regular customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 125 an hour to give me a quote for 'a ' tire i already know i need replacing . he 's trying to make me change all 4 . booked an appointment and he 's telling me to come back in 2 hours..methinks not", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went there for the first time today to have a headlight replaced . quick , professional service at a great price . the shop was clean and service friendly . lived in the area for ages , wish i had tried them out earlier . great find !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always been wanting to try pilates with equipment not in a gym . this is the place ! super helpful , friendly and fun staff . i 've had two back surgeries and they are always asking if anyone has any issues to let them know and they will adjust the exercise for you . i joined after my free demo . finally a pilates studio in chandler ! ! i look forward to every class . thank you club pilates ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this club pilates . the staff is fantastic and help to make it feel like a family when you come to a class . the teachers help to cater the class to the students and very knowledgeable about the body . if you have injuries , this is a great low impact alternative to the gym . if you do n't have injuries it 's an amazing way to get long lean muscles . i highly recommend club pilates chandler .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a poor experience at the gilbert location , i changed my membership to chandler . they welcomed me with open arms .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this pilates studio , the instructors are great , the classes are always different and challenging , i feel better and have increased my flexibility and strength . the staff is always helpful and the app is super easy to use ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've received physical therapy from 2 different places , gone to several different gyms and had lots of work-ups for my injuries from various physicians . so far i have had 3 group sessions and 1 individual session here . let me just say this : never in the history of ever have i , after a one-hour workout , wondered where the hour went . so far i 'm really liking it and i feel like it will do a lot to help with my flexibility and strength which in turn will help me recover from the nagging pain sciatica from prior injuries . so far very impressed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware - stay away from these flakes this was the worst experience ever ! these people try to make you buy way more materials than needed so they can sell part of your order to the next guy . i made an appointment for someone to come out and look at the job . they showed up an hour late , which was very irritating . after going back & forth multiple times adjusting and revising our estimate , they requested a 50 % deposit ( $ 250 ) up front , which we paid and also signed the contract . we made an appointment weeks in advance , which they confirmed more than once . then less than an hour before they were supposed to be there to do the work , they cancelled ! they did n't even have a valid reason for cancelling the job , even though they had our money and we had a signed contract . this is the most amateur bunch of irresponsible flakes you will ever come into contact with . be warned - do yourself a big favor - go somewhere else ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fantastic company ! i started service with them when i turned our home into a rental when we moved out of state . i used them for 2+ years . the only reason i stopped service is because i sold the house . i would highly recommend them : they did a good job with the landscaping . the price was very fair . any time i wanted pictures they sent them to me via email . my tenants said they did a good job . any time i had a question they responded very quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a mesquite tree on the side of my house that was growing out of control , and after hoa approval i hired dembois to remove the tree , plant a new tree , and clean up the leaves and debris from the mesquite tree . great job dembois ! definitely recommend them and plan on hiring them again to lay some pavers and routine maintenance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been using this company for the past couple years and they 've always done a great job . they 're easy to communicate with and always fulfill our requests .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was there for a total of four months . it was so horrid my gf and i broke the lease . our downstairs neighbors wife was stalking my gf 's 15 year old daughter . verbally berating her and other ongoings . leasing office did not want anything to do with it and wouldnt get involved . the maintenance crew there leaves much than do be desired . air went out at 1:30am and they basically told us to deal with it ( it was 107 outside ) after threatening to go to fair housing and the state they finally came out . basically they want your money but if you have issues with your apt or another resident thwy could care less . i feel sorry for anyone who moves in here . really nice apartments with very shitty managment . but do n't take my word for it . im just some random guy on the internet ... ... ... ,", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible apartment complex ! my first month living here my apartment was broken into . my friends motorcycle was almost stolen ( the guy was literally loading his harley onto a truck ) and my stereo head unit was stolen out of my car . i would not recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i chose not to move into these apartments . when hannah called to let us know we had been approved , the amount she told me would have to pay was $ 150 higher then we were originally quoted . we told her we would not be moving in . a month later , we recieved a call asking to set us up for our move in day . i informed the apartment manager that we were n't moving in , and that i had already told hannah this . a few weeks later i recieve a bill by email for a holding fee . i emailed the aparment manager back to tell her there was a mistake , that we had n't asked for the aparmtnet o be held for us . they persistantly sent us bills , it took several phone calls to get it handled .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a nightmare . i have had a maintenance ticket open since september and it is still not fixed ! i went and purchased a garage and when i went to open it someone else 's belongings were in there , ridiculous ! i call the office for assistance and no apologies are given , just an attitude ! i still have no garage ! this place has great potential but non existent maintenance and poor management has ruined the place . told the office about syringes all over the complex on the sidewalk , grass , and rocks and they are still there 3 days later . i 'm sure they wo n't care until someone falls on a needle . ca n't even let my kids play outside . may be time for the health department !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have lived here for a year and 6 mo . i am a pretty difficult , high maintenance person sometimes . the staff here has always gone out of their way to be more than accommodating . things happen . if you have an issue , these people will make sure when the issue is resolved that you are satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything is good until something goes wrong breaks in your apartment . they have a very poor servicing . the do not look at the maintaince request made.. also everyone in office has different point of view in office . if you ask something from one person , after few months it will be denied by other .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible maintenance , i am requesting to fix my dryer and fixx the kitchen tab since more than 2 months n no one is showing up . dont stay here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hey `` the retreat '' you 've seen your tough times and harsh reviews , but let me tell you this - 2 years i 've been in and out of this property and yet i find myself back here . my neighbors are so friendly , not to mention excellent cooks -having gas and charcoal grills scattered throughout the community is awesome ! oh , and 3 pools ! ! heck yes ! i mean , we are in arizona after all . it must be hard maintaining such a large property . maybe it 's just my experience in providing customer service , but i see a genuine effort within the office staff to get their residents taken care of. , despite their limitations . it 's a great location , again , good people , and a property manager that genuinely cares.. that in itself is hard to find . forget reviews ! come find out for yourself ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "denise , your form letter does not fit the situation . i never set foot on the property but every communication and lack of communication just digs you deeper .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome place to live in . very friendly staff . very helpful with residents . staying there is wonderful . amenities are very nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was looking for an apartment for my son who 's moving to phoenix next month . the leasing agent seemed to be annoyed if you were taking up her time if we were n't going to sign on the dotted line that day . i 'm sorry that my boy could not get discharged before the end of july . also they wanted my son to prove that he had a year 's worth of rent saved up in his bank account which i found absolutely outrageous . the property seem to be okay but it was the staff and their demands and their general attitude which really threw me off . moving on to the next one .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't ever go to this apartment to live . that is a horrible place to live . there are lot of scorpions in the apartment everywhere . they can come inside by ac ducts , benith the doors or form cracks everywhere . the leasing office front desk people are not good people at all . very rude in behavior . they never accept any thing from their side . even i saw they lie to residents . dog shit everywhere . this is one of the rarest apartment i have seen where dog shit is everywhere in the parks or pathway even . no body clears those for days . please consider some other apartment to live , but not this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went to pick up my niece and nephew who were living with their mother in these apartments . the grounds looks pretty and green . so the gardening and maintenance team gets thumbs up ! the apartments look to be nice and clean one thing that was bad was scorpions get in to the apartments and stung my nephew resulting him in having to go to the hospital .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here for two years . the property was recently sold to a new company . management is unorganized . if you have any issues with your apartment , do n't expect it to be addressed for a few weeks . they do n't have their ? $ ! ? together . not polite at all . if they lived here and had issues , i 'm sure they would be fixed right away .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "current resident : it took 2 months and multiple visits to my apt , for them to finally replace my water heater , my car was broken into , after multiple cars and a couple stolen in broad daylight , they sent am e-mail suggesting people rent a garage ... the grills are dirty , the screens are falling off windows throughout the complex , they never answer the phone in the office and it usually takes 2 or more days for maintenance to come no matter how small the job is.. the only reason i 'm not giving 1 or less stars , is bcuz they have a small playground on site and i have 2 kids that love it", "score": "2"}
{"review": "their jalapena & carmel kettle corn is `` off the charts '' . catch diana for the best service in scottsdale . make the effort to find them on the third floor , by nordstrom 's . more locations around the valley will be opening in 2013 . a fun , tasty afternoon treat ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the friendly staff there were kind to let us sample . we ended up buying a bag of caramel popcorn . it was still warm . it was a perfect snack to walk around the mall with .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "doc popcorn has landed in scottsdale , az . located in scottsdale fashion center on the 3rd floor by nordstroms , you will find the best popcorn in town . if you ca n't see the bright yellow signs , you will be able to smell the buttery , perfectly popped corn wafting through the mall . they have all sorts of cool interesting flavors like cinnamon and jalepeno . they also have the classics like butter , cheddar , kettle corn and more ! it 's all popped fresh right there and are naturally flavored . pick up a bag and chomp away !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm obsessed with this place ! all the flavors are yummy but the jalape\u00f1o and cheesy cheddar mixed together is my favorite ! the service is always awesome and i love that you can buy huge tins and just bring them to get refilled ! plus , it 's not even that bad for you ( if you do n't destroy half a tin in one shot like i frequently do ) ! i hope they open one closer to downtown so i do n't have to keep driving a half an hour to scottsdale to get my fix ( although it 's totally worth it ) ! ps it 's kinda sad that i get this excited over popcorn but it 's seriously delicious and addicting ! edit : doc popcorn has moved from scottsdale fashion square to arizona mills mall !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location has the worst customer service i 've ever had before . do not come here because you will experienced the worst nightmare like me . i tried to buy about three dozen opi polishes that are on sale . when the cashier rang up the cash register , it came up with regular priced . then she came inside to ask the manager for help . i waited , waited , waited fifteen minutes later . finally the manager came out and said to me that she waiting for a call from cooperate office so i have to wait longer , then i left without any purchases . i wish to give this place a zero star if i could .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best armstrong mcall in the valley ! friendly staff and they always remember my name . wide selection of color and products .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite location . they 've got a nice big and inexpensive brush selection . they have more perm kits than i 've ever seen . they have a friendly and knowledgeable staff and the best deals on shampoo condish combos . they have an awesome goldwell selection as well . everything is neat and orderly . i 'll be back : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always great sales and wonderful sales people . love this location . very knowledgeable staff . ownership has done a great job with hiring , this location puts customers first .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite supply store for pros . always helpful & always sales ! i 'm here once a week , always have what i need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this particular staplss has been the best for me and my small business . sharonda who is the certified print pro helped me through each step in helping me make my business cards exceed expectation . there may be places that are `` cheaper '' , but i woould never get the level of service anywhere else . this is the place to go gor all og your business needs . they gave a true meaning to their catch phrase , `` that was easy '' the store manager was a perfect addition to customer srrvice . thanks matt ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like awful customer service , delivered with an extremely poor attitude , and by providers who care very little about the quality of their work , then this is the place for you . ask for ashley at the ups shipping counter . if you 're like me and you really enjoy bullsh t morons , you 'll be glad you came here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the employees here go out if their way ti make you feel special . being disabled , i n ver have to ask for help with large items ... . they 're right there to lend a hand ! great location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you to nate in the computer tech department for all the time and effort he put in to fix our tablet ! he went above and beyond what was expected from us and we really appreciate it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located right across from terrace pointe cafe as we were waiting in line for our table at the cafe , we made a quick stop here . my friend got a dark denim jacket from 7 for all mankind for ( shhhhhhh ... do n't tell ) $ 70 . it was 75 % off the regular price . i also got me a pair of jean from 7 for all mankind for ( shhhhhhhh ... ) $ 70 too . we both felt like winners . the sales persons were extremely helpful and attentive . shopping makes us girls happy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ahhhhhh if only i had a hundred million dollars ... okay not that much , but this place is pricey but i sooo love the stuff they have . and to top it off the staff is really nice and helpful , to the point i had one salesman help me with a static problem i was having on the dress i wore into the place . i didnt even buy anything . i will be back ... ..static free hopefully .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always look through mojito 's when i 'm at the wynn and since i 'm local , it 's fairly often . they are a little bit over retail with their pricing but the inventory is constantly changing so there is always something i like . they only carry one brand of women 's shoes which are melissa and i do like the sandal versions , i 'm just a fan of plastic heels . they carry bailley 44 , dvf , haute hippie , alice & olivia among others . the men 's side of this store has some very high end italian designers mixed with some preppier styles so it 's very eclectic . every other time i '' m in the store there is a huge sale going on so it 's worth it to check in often . the sales people are friendly and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know if there is a better taco burrito spot in scottsdale . this town is made up of 95 % chain franchised restaurants and the ones that are hole in the wall mom pop shops are too ... . well , americanized . i ca n't speak for authentic mexican food because i have n't been to mexico , closest i 've been was in california and this restaurant has come close to the burritos i would get from there . service is nice and friendly , food always comes out quick and well prepared . i 'm not expecting something that looks like chipotle or taco bell , so i do n't mind the mess inside of the burrito . the taste is great , nothing fancy or similar to what is served around here . the surroundings of los favoritos is a clean and friendly lot . they reside in a friendly neighborhood amongst other good businesses . the experience is always a good one as i 've been here four times already , all at different hours and they have always been consistent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great fast clean taco shop ! i have been coming here for years when i just want greasy carbs ! they are always fast , to the the point and very delicious ! sometimes it does get crowded but the wait is never too long . everyone in the neighborhood is a fan i swear ! much much better than any filiberto 's ! ! or any bertos ' ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "could i be more of a fat kid ? i 'm rating one of my favorite breakfast burrito places . i did n't even know `` breakfast burrito '' was a food group until the past year . arizona , you are glorious . boyfriend and i love to call in our orders and head out to pick up a hefty bag of tastiness . my staple is the potato , egg and cheese , add peppers and onion . they do n't skimp on tiny ramekinitos of red and green sauce . these suckers are huge . just call it a wash on yor diet and enjoy . the tortilla is light and flaky and just ... dumb , ok ? ! melty cheddar oozes throughout the ingredients without being gloppy . it 's beyond . i love that we 've never had an order mix up , which is better than i can say for almost every other bfast burrito joint i 've haunted . los favs , your name is so correct !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our favorite local burrito shop ! we love the california chicken burrito with horchata , or try the carne asada with hot sauce ! great for a quick bite always yummy and pricing is fair .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "los favs is by far my most favorite taco shop in the valley . best flour tortillas ! i eat here almost every sunday . i always get the carne asada burrito and my mate gets the california burrito ... and their freshly squeezed orange fountain drink . no other taco shop has comparable flour tortillas ... they taste very fresh", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is fantastic for the budget mexican category . this favorite ( or favorito ) is in my neighborhood and is a regular stop . i prefer not to eat there ( unless you get turned on by fluorescent lights and beat up furnishings ) . no , i prefer to eat my favoritos at home . i have heard that some folks take their meal next door to the tally ho ( a dive bar ) and enjoy their tacos with a cold corona ! crazy ! nachos covered with cheese and jalapeos for only $ 2 ! tacos and tostadas of perfection . they also have a mini salsa bar with several dimensions of heat and flavor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . it 's a little hole in the wall , but the service is fast , the food is hot and flavorful , and the place seemed really clean . the chicken tacos are very juicy . i was n't the biggest fan of the quesadilla , but my daughter loved it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was just okay , i have had much better from many taco joints . i am rather bummed because this place is not far from where i live . my sister and i ordered chicken , carnitas , and carne asada tacos to share . the carne asada was the best of the 3 , but nothing to write home to mom about . the carnitas was overcooked and crispy burnt dry . the chicken taco was pretty good , but again nothing exciting . the sauces ( green and red salsa ) were not very spicy and rather blah . i can say the service was very fast and the prices were cheap . most of the tables were not cleaned off in the restaurant . also , we ordered everything without guacamole and that seems to be their claim to fame , so maybe we are a bit biased and missing out on the key ingredient . i will be back if i am in desperate need of a taco nearby , but i will hopefully find a better place before that desperate moment occurs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "no-nonsense cheap mexican ( tex-mex ) food . it 's a tiny neighborhood joint but the food is pretty reliable for what it is . the tacos and burritos are better than the tortas , which are undistinguished . definitely the best $ 5 mexican food in this part of town , which is probably why it 's almost always busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "four years later and i was simply looking for a decent quesadilla on this rainy day . the quesadilla was way better than that meal four years ago , but the rolled tacos were not good . three rolled with guac - not crispy enough , cheese unmelted , not enough guac quesadilla - $ 5.10 with double rice as a meal . nice amount of cheese and grease and good mexican rice . red sauce - way too spicy , be careful probably will return if craving a quesadilla , but just average food here still .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is right on spot ! ! tacos , tostadas and the tamales were delicious ! ! first time here thanks to yelp reviewers ! ! it certainly is a place to eat if your in the areas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone giving this place bad reviews obviously has no idea what food should taste like . everything i 've ever had from this place has been fresh , delicious , and super cheap ! it 's basically my go-to for mexican , now . i 'm really glad i found this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the mexican food here reminds me of what i would find when i lived in san diego . i love it ! the carne asada burrito is delish . i 've gone there a few times for a breakfast burrito and those do n't disappoint either . the place is clean , service is good and , most importantly , the food is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5,4,3 . if i wrote the review 6 months ago , i would have given 5 stars . since then , their portions have been reduced . the breakfast burritos used to be mammoth , now they are smaller than the other taco shops .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their food is garbage . last time i went i tried the cheese enchiladas . corn tortilla filled with shredded jack cheese smothered with a bland sauce . it 's run by mexican 's that ca n't cook mexican food ? i wo n't be back anytime soon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have all of the standard mexican food options : tacos , burritos , enchiladas , tostadas , etc . but , for a counter service place , you can do better for yourself at several other places in town .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been coming here for years , love this place . my usual is the chorizo breakfast burrito and sometimes the california burrito . one thing that i notice is how they do n't overly drench the food with oil making it greasy , like many other mexican restaurants . overall thumbs up , my go-to mexican joint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been lunching at this location for a little over a year since it is so close to my work and i can not applaud this business enough . the chicken tacos are amazing , the carne asada burrito is delicious and the quesadillas are amazing . you can not go wrong with anything on the menu . even the fish tacos and the ground beef tacos are amazing . i can not stop thinking about the chicken tacos and because of this i have them at least once a week . i 've even visited another los favs in chandler and it could n't hold a candle to this one . best mexican food i 've eaten in arizona , period .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there must be new management because the place is much cleaner then it 's been in the past . i avoided it for those reasons for several months but have been back recently and was happy with the food . i agree with the reviewer who said he prefers to eat at home . i almost never eat there . never occurred to me that i could bring it into tally ho !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good . a little hole in the wall . i thought $ 7 was a little much for a california burrito with the size it was but it 's worth it and delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite place ever . breakfast burritos are the best thing ever ! ! ! i literally eat here many times since it is close to work , i wish it was close to my house id eat there all the time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "where can i start . breakfast burritos are some of the best in town . green chile and red chile burritos . great fast and friendly service . the nachos are great especially the ones with the meat on top . i go here atleast 3-4 times a week .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "paid for carne asada quesadillas - no carne asada in the quesadillas . guy did n't seem like he cared to talk to us or address us . go to the other places nearby .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "today was my first time here , and i 'm sorry i did n't read the tips and reviews first . i think i would have ordered one of their famous burritos . instead i ordered two fish tacos . i 'm not a fan of breaded and deep fat fried fish ... .. brought me back to the days of semi-soggy fish sticks that my older sister used to make because that 's all she knew how to cook . however , i am thankful that i ordered the chips and salsa . the salsa was amazing . i look forward to giving this place another try because it 's very conveniently located for me and i love authentic mexican fare . worth a second chance for sure ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for cheap reliable mexican food , definitely the best place around in scottsdale .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious carne asada california burrito . found this place via yelp and my fellow yelpers did not steer me wrong", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been eating here since i was 5 , inconsistently but none the less i am 16 now . awesome place with delicious food that has great variety . friendly staff and an overall clean environment with very little wait for food my suggestions : carne asada fries carne asada california burrito pollo asada burrito and to top it off some jamaica juice", "score": "5"}
{"review": "menudo and i 'm not talking about the group folks . it is muy muy delicioso . if they had a frequent flyer program i would be part of it ... yazzzz . menudo is not for the faint of heart . i luvs me some menudo . i even have my kiddo loving it . we try to hit up los favs on sats to share a bowl as neither one of us can finish the whole thing by ourselves . i tried to venture out and try another popular place 's menudo in phx but it did not even come close ! i 'll stick to what i know . i will fight somebody for the last bowl of it ! i would recommend you call ahead of time to make sure there is some left as they sell out really fast . go early or go hommmmmeee . we also really like the chorizo breakfast burrito . it is full of flavor . yummmm . service is always wonderful . so needless to say i wo n't be venturing out again , at least not for my menudo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "other taco shops in az should come here and take notes . lived in az my entire life and i can say without a doubt that los favs is the best burrito taco shop in the state . caifornia burrito ? amazing . starts with the tortilla which is always warm and soft , then you get the arne and i am not sure is it is actual carne because it taste like unicorn meat . and like the artists they are los favs puts french fries in the cali burro not just a slump of mashed potatoes like some other places in town topped of with melted cheese and pico to complete to masterpiece . green souce is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's as yummy and fresh as the `` sand through the hourglass `` , ... . you never know what your going to get meal wise or attitude ! when it 's great , it 's great ! when it 's bad , it 's disappointing and i feel cheated . so step up and be consistent ! ! ! ! ! only then can i give a true thumbs up ! but , leaning that way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nothing fancy but very good tacos . i had 1 adovada , 1 carne asada , and 1 carnitas . meat was very moist and tasty and the tortillas hada nice fresh taste . my son had a chicken taco and my wife had a chicken quesadilla . my only complaint is that we were charged $ 1 for a tiny side of salsa .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "maybe i just came on a bad day but the service of this place was about as rude as you can get . no acknowledgment of your presence what so ever . just give me your order and shut up kind of attitude . i will never come back . aside from service , the food was not very good either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very authentic ! my family loves this place ! we 've always taken it to go . great food . i love their burritos and their taco salad . it 's huge ! definitely 2 meals worth !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "carne asada burrito r , 5 rolled tacos or a torta and your solid . great mexican food at an affordable prices two thumbs up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times over the past few years and i am never disappointed . usually i call ahead of time to place and order and just swing by and pick it up . they are not so accurate with estimated times your food is ready though . you can order one item or the whole menu and they always say it will be ready in 10 minutes . my favorites here are the chicken enchilladas and the quesadilla . i 've never tried their burritios . the place is not too big and it can probably only seat about 12-16 people . so be aware you may need to do carry out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "real mexican food . amazing taste . the price is more than fair . big plates . most definitely coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looooove love this place . forget about filiberto 's or any other place ending in ertos - this place is the real deal . my favorites are the chorizo burrito , machaca plate , and the menudo . you wo n't get better-tasting menudo anywhere else in the valley , and for the price . beware , it 's only served on the weekends and it runs out quickly . the cooks and staff are super friendly , especially jos\u00e9 and esmeralda . definitely my go-to destination for casual mexican food : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum ! it 's great food and it 's cheap . the chimichanga was good ( though i 'm not a fan of the peppers and onions inside ) . the tamales were good . the cheese enchilada was okay , i wish the cheese had melted better . the breakfast burritos were awesome ! it 's just a little hole in the wall , i usually get the food to go . but it 's fast and cheap and good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my spot ! great hole in the wall style mexican joint with great food ! better then filberto 's by far ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to los favoritos for years ! i ca n't get enough of their california burrito ( i add beans ) . their food is very consistent and very flavorful compared to other mexican taco shops . i will be coming back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "um , yea ... . amazing food ! i love this place and have been multiple times in the same week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in from out of town for some breakfast burritos . they were very tasty & fresh . the tortillas were delicious , fresh and warm . and the guac was perfect !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their breakfast burritos are so good that our teenagers who attend nearby saguaro high will leave the house early so they can eat here ! it 's a small place in an aging neighborhood , but their food and prices ca n't be beat . clean , quality , delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nobody speaks english well enough to get the order right . the pico de gallo is all onions with one or two flex of tomato and cilantro . everything is made very cheap with no quality ingredients . there was n't a customer in the place but every table was dirty . makes me wonder about the cleanliness . my advice ... go elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good mexican food at an unbeatable price . the decor is what you would expect in this price range and sometimes the place smells funky to me but the kitchen always looks super clean . the fish tacos , vegetarian burrito and the cheese enchiladas are excellent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is an amazing restaurant with amazing staff and even better food ! i have yet to find another place that has such tender and moist meats and vast choices . if you 're in the mood for delicious and tasty mexican food , this is your place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store hours say open until midnight . tonight i called 3 times at 11:30 to order ahead but no one answered . i was at the restaurant at 11:40 . there were customers inside but the door was locked . the cook and lady at the front just looked at me when i was trying to open the door . poor customer service . it 's a shame because i come here often . wont be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is very close to our house and is good for the price and location . i have tried a varitey of things on the menu , but all in all i would say its a step above the bertos but nothing you should rush out to get . my favorite items are a simple bean and cheese wtih sour cream and tomatoes adddes , and their carne asada . nuf said .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great for breakfast , lunch or dinner . breakfast burritos are a top notch , as well as the carne asada fries ( be prepared for beast mode if going solo ) . not feeling a burrito ? the delux hamburger is amazing ! los favs is the best ! way better than the near by filis b 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great tacos and cheap . one of the tacos in my order was wrong , but i think it was because it was special order . the sauces you have to ask for , so do n't forget !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was decent , not as good as most of the burrito taco shops that i usually go to .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "growing up in tucson i know good mexican food places . this is just as good if not better then anything ( fast food ) down south . always good , quick and cheap .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the low key taco spot ! based on prices , never had high expectations . it 's not gourmet by any means . i do n't even eat mexican food . i have a sausage breakfast burrito every time i go , and i think it 's pretty good . decent , quick food for cheap ! i go all the time for breakfast , and for under $ 5 it sure beats mcdonalds ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm from hawaii , & by far this place takes the lead in mexican food that i 've tried ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite mexican fast food ! it 's cheaper , cleaner and so much tastier than other places i 've been ! we come here very often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best california carne asada you can buy ! even better enchilada style . great carne asada fries . great customer service and very friendly attitudes . one of my favorite mexican food joints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved down the street from los favoritos and thought i would give it a try . since that first time i have been back at least 20 times . the food is authentic , consistent , and totally affordable . they have given me the correct order every single time and the people that work there are so nice . because i figure i am biased at this point , i have brought at least 10 people here to eat . they all love it . good stuff and the green sauce is yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good mexican food , great price . i am a fan of the carne asada burrito and the guac is pretty good . customer service is n't wonderful by any means , but the place is clean and the price is great on the pocket book . my one burrito with rice and beans was enough for dinner and lunch the next day ! yummy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been looking for a replacement for my favorite family mexian place in colorado . i 've finally found it . los favoritos is amazing . great food , and easy ordering pick up . i am be addicted to the enchilada sauce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good , kinda like a taco truck restaurant without the great grub . if i go back i 'd get the tacos and leave it at that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the customer service was good . the lady behind the counter was very nice . unfortunately we were not too fond of the food . i ordered the enchilada plate which was n't bad actually but i 've had better . my kids got the taquito plate to share . they ate maybe half of one each . they were pretty bland and definitely lacked flavor so i did n't blame them for not eating them . maybe i set my expectations too high since it had pretty good reviews ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ! just had an amazing deep tissue prenatal massage by katelyn ! i asked for deep tissue and i got it ! will be back for sure ! the place had a very chill and easy vibe , i was greeted so nicely and was told everything i needed to know ! thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yesterday evening i had a prenatal specialty massage given by katelyn . when i walked in i was greeted , and shown to the private room where my massage would be given . katelyn explained to me what to expect , as this was my first massage from bellies and babies . the massage went great . i was asked several times if the pressure was ok , which i appreciated . i left feeling relieved , and relaxed . i will definitely be recommending bellies and babies to my current future clients , and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "angie , owner and massage therapist , has miracle hands . she helped me get through my painful trimester alleviating sciatic like pain that prevented me from sleeping comfortably . post-natal she has worked to get my back and hips to pre baby status . no mommy should go pregnant without having pre and post natal massages . i now go to bellies and babies for regular massages even after shoulder surgery . they truly are experts at what they do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great experience for my first prenatal massage ! lindsay was great . we had a good convo and a very relaxing atmosphere ! afterwards i felt refreshed and rested ! hopefully i 'll be able to go back before my little one gets here ! ! and you get a cool gift afterwards !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to bellies and babies after a friend recommended them for a prenatal induction massage and could n't have been more satisfied . i 've had lots of massages due to heavy weight lifting nearly every day and this is probably one of the best i 've had . along with the acupressure she used to start the natural labor process..it felt great and was so relaxing ! thank you , katelyn ! ps . i 'm 2 days post massage and having some signs of labor but no baby yet ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a new mom , i love the mommy and me class ! ! ! amy has fantastic instruction that helps connect baby with mommy and other babies . a wonderful class , and fantastic quality time together .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a prenatal massage from kristie there and loved it . she was very knowledgeable and had strong hands . i would recommend going here if you are pregnant b c that 's who they cater to and where their expertise is . after the massage , she gave me tips on how to stretch and what to do to open up my muscles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm almost 39 weeks pregnant and have been going to bellies and babies for the last 20 weeks or so for prenatal and labor induction massages ( 37 weeks and beyond ) . their staff have been amazing to work with , and both massage therapists i 've seen have been professional and skilled . i have always been greeted as soon as i 've walked in and had any questions answered immediately . the massage therapists both asked questions about how deep or light i 'd like the massage done and both were very helpful and kind when i was n't quite sure at first . i also have enjoyed following bellies and babies facebook page as they post tips and links to helpful pregnancy articles and information . they 've been a total support throughout my pregnancy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience at bellies and babies , they really know how to take care of pregnant women and my prenatal massage was very relaxing and helped my sciatica and tension . i highly recommend their prenatal and postnatal services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while pregnant with my twins i had terrible aches and pains until i found bellies and babies ! the instant relief from massage from people that know exactly what to do . that was 6 years ago and i am still a grateful follower and will be forever . they are truly the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic experience and skilled massage therapist . however , my 90min massage was cut short 15min because she had somewhere to be . now every time i call for an appointment i 'm not able to book . only received $ 5 credit for the mishap instead of my 15min . overall i 'd go back if i can ever get another appointment date .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had the best prenatal massage i have ever had . very knowledgeable therapists and very in tune with pregnant women 's needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love bellies & babies ! i 've gone for prenatal yoga and a prenatal deep tissue massage . the prenatal yoga class is great . it is the perfect pace for a beginner to moderate and really helps you to feel relaxed and connected to your baby . i also like the feeling of community and being around other expecting mamas ! i had my first prenatal massage recently with tara hertzell . she was wonderful ! ! ! ! tara is so nice , and she used the perfect amount of pressure for the massage . i have been experiencing pain in my lower back and hips throughout my second trimester , and she completely alleviated that and gave me helpful tips for keeping the pain away between sessions . i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great experience ! as a first time expecting mother this place has been so welcoming and comforting during my pregnancy . how great to walk into a room full of other expecting women . yoga is rewarding in so many ways and the massages are great . today was my 3rd massage and i will be back for more until i deliver . i 'm looking forward to coming to bellies and babies with my little one come this january !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my first induction massage yesterday , but he 's just not ready to come . the massage did help me to relax . the pressure was great , to the point that i fell asleep on the table snoring ! i also was able to sleep through the night . ca n't wait to go get another massage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place- they know pregnant mommas and their bodies . i had my first induction massage there . i was amazed at how they hit so many pressure points and how relaxed i felt afterwards . i am headed back for another . they are great at explaining why they are rubbing a certain area and provided valuable tips to help get my body ready for this next step !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "received a massage here as a birthday gift from my husband and i keep telling him this was the best gift ever ! having just gotten out of my first trimester this massage felt amazing . the massage therapist i had was kind , and informative and made me feel extremely comfortable . i ca n't wait to go again as the pregnancy progresses !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great place ! i had multiple prenatal massages that were fantastic and a labor induction massage with the owner that was amazing . it was so relaxing and i went into labor within 48 hours ... yay ! highly recommend for expectant moms . i plan to head back for postnatal massages as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to share the experience i had yesterday with this company , tony did a great job not only with the replacing of my hot water tank but with everything involved . tony , has great customer service and really cares about the work he performs , i contacted him in the morning and he was there first thing in the afternoon ... i would highly recommend tony and he will be doing work for me in the future ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are great ! they called to see if they could come early . i wanted a light installed that was supposed to have been wired when the house was built and only waiting on a fixture . these guys had to buy a new drill bit and do a difficult rewrite to make it work . ( darn builder ! ) they did the work fast and did not charge for the bit or the time to go get it . the cost was very reasonable and my fixture is fantastic ! i will use them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tony from five star was over to my house within 30 minutes of me calling him with issues around water pressure and temperature . he quickly looked through everything , double checked that all the valves and gauges were fully functional , and made the necessary tweeks where necessary . tony was friendly , approachable , and did the preliminary work for free . tony is our go to plumber for all things .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tony was great . fixed electrical problem at my house as well as replaced the disposal . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great family run business . they offer exceptional service at a budget friendly price . the crew came out to my home and fixed my irrigation system . i am now hiring them to do electrical work in my garage . this is a big project for me and i know they will do a great job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are great . i manage a restaurant near downtown charlotte ... we discovered that our music system was n't working and something was sparking when the breakers were turned on and off ... i called these guys and they came out quickly , had the job done within an hour , and fit themselves into a rather tight spot in our restaurant to do so . allow me to also mention that i was on crutches and they were super sweet about moving things around for me so i could see and understand what they were doing , and were patient with me . they even offered to find a replacement for a broken amplifier i had and install it at no charge at a later date even if i found my own equipment . i personally spoke to gregory , he was a huge help . definitely will use again when in a pinch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tony did a very nice job installing recessed lighting in our master bedroom , hooking up my gas grill to a new dedicated gas line , and fixing a few issues with toilets and sinks in our new home . his pricing is very fair and he is committed to getting the job done with quality workmanship . it is nice to find an individual that has the skills to perform both electrical and plumbing work . saves on time and money . we will likely use tony again for other needs with our home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mr. tony was great ! he came early to us for an urgent issue with our circuit board and fixed up everything . would highly recommend him to anyone in the charlotte area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tony and crew were lifesavers . they came right out after i called for a septic pump issue and stopped the leak . while they were there , i showed them some electrical problems i was having . they came back the next day and fixed it all for a set amount that we had agreed upon the night before . the next day i had a different problem in a rental house we have for sale with the hot water heater . he told me over the phone how to turn the water off and he came right over the next morning and replaced the spraying leaking pipe for a reasonable cost . i will use five star again for sure . tony knows what he is doing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "call them for a great job at a fair price . tony did a great job installing our new hot tub . the job was completed neatly and timely . he was on budget for everything and priced right . thank you tony .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unreliable . i contacted them 20 minutes after our appointment time and got a text back that they ca n't make it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a good guy . he came little late due to traffic not his fault . fan missing some parts so he compromise and created new stuff to make it work . appreciated the effort . reasonable price . will use again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "five star electrical and plumbing is awesome ! i had a great experience especially as a women , they treated me kind and listened to my problem . i had three other companies come out and they could n't help me . i had a gas furnace that was 1920 that no one can not repair . mr tony came and gave me a great price ! he was able to fix the problem and my heat works great ! thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tony was awesome ! i called him on a saturday evening after 5pm . he answered right away and was able to come out that night to assess our plumbing issue . my husband and i woke up to a broken hot water heater the first morning in our new house . tony and his team replaced our hot water heater and did an awesome job ! they were knowledgeable and polite . we will definitely be using him in the further !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tony was able to come out quickly to troubleshoot my electrical problems and he even helped me with a slow drain . he took the time to explain what he was doing and give me some tips for future maintenance . i can not say enough about his service . professional , efficient and reasonable . i would recommend him to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called two electricians to come take a look at a dimmer switch problem i was having . no call back for weeks . i finally used yelp to find tony and he was at my house the same day . tony and his son were great and affordable . tony is a hard working man and very informative . he came at 7pm and fixed my problem . i will defiantly use five star again . avoid the 'big box ' electricians and use tony . family owned and affordable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "le soup\u00e7on cochon est un petit resto fort sympathique sp\u00e9cialis\u00e9 dans les d\u00eeners . le service y est excellent et tr\u00e8s chaleureux . personnellement , j'y mange de 3 \u00e0 5 fois par semaine ( et je suis loin d'\u00eatre le seul \u00e0 m'y retrouver si souvent ) et ne peux pourtant pas me blaser . le menu est constamment modifi\u00e9 , chaque semaine 3 nouveaux sandwichs , 3 nouvelles soupes et 3 nouvelles salades nous sont propos\u00e9s ( les plus populaires reviennent au menu en alternance irr\u00e9guli\u00e8re , mais possiblement avec quelques variations ) . de plus , du lundi au jeudi , un succulent menu du jour nous est propos\u00e9 . la cuisine des s\u0153urs pelletier est savoureuse , audacieuse et bien relev\u00e9e . si vous pass\u00e9 dans le coin et avez un petit creux , arr\u00eatez-vous y , vous ne serez pas d\u00e9\u00e7u ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when there for lunch today . great friendly service . had the diego sandwich ( amazing ) , the nice and spicy thai soup ( amazing as well ) and the rice and kidney bean salad ( lacked seasoning ... ) i would definitely come back and gladly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this vans outlet ! got myself 4 nice pairs of vans for a little over $ 100 , now that is a steal . the employees are all so nice too . and if you catch them on a good day , they have a buy one get one half off . not bad eh ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots of shoes and other accessories available along with all sorts of deals all the time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a sham . outlets should have all discounted shoes ! ! just make sure you read the fine print before you start shopping so that you are not disappointed at checkout : )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "june 03 was my first visit , they have great shoes at reasonable price plus very patient and courtesy customer service from alex .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is good if you want decent mexican food fast , or just a late night bite to eat . they will not blow you away , but certainly several steps above taco bell or del taco . the prices are fair , ingredient quality is average ( sour cream lacks flavor ) , and the menu selection is wide . all and all you ca n't go wrong with a stop off at this valley wide chain ! good : any of their quesadillas . ok : nachos avoid : chimichangas", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am actually a filiberto 's fan , however this location just does n't do it for me . every time i have ordered from here . there food just does n't have much flavor . i always drive by them on my way to work , like the idea that they are opened 24 hrs . but there are too many choices to choose from ( three by the time i hit the 101 fwy ) to settle on their food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they messed up my order and then asked me to come back . i was already pissed cause the food gets cold instantly . i get there and they wanted the old order . i was already pissed and did n't want to make another trip so i just payed again but that 's officially the last time i eat here . i go there almost 3 times a week but after this ... fuck them !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we get carne asada burritos from here a couple times a month . i can live off them . i have noticed they have gotten smaller over the last year or so ; that 's the reason for 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a dive , the interior & exterior is dying for an update , it 's surrounded by an eyesore of buildings ... but i 'm here for the food though ! the food is legit , do n't let everything else fool u. i 'm mexican , my mom is a caterer & i love exploring in different eateries . if u want good food , great prices & love alcohol this is the place ! ambiance- 2 food quality - 5 food presentation - 3 pricing - 4 location - 2 service - 5 my review is solely on the good food & service & nothing else . if u r looking for ambiance & something fancy this is not the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been getting my blinds from blinds to go for years from various locations in the area . the reason that blind to go is my `` to go '' place for my home decorating needs because i like their selections and they always try to keep up to the newest offering in the market . price wise of course is one of the reason . we did some price comparison with a few other window covering providers both independent , big box or even internet , blinds to go pricing always been the most competitive . and of course able to view the exact products , trying out the mechanic and see the exact colour also make my shopping experience much better . the staff here is always really knowledgeable and patience with helpful recommendations . our blinds ready in 2 days and just waiting for the installer to put that up which our design consultant sami set up for us !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location surprised me . i was served very quickly , and the sales associate was patient with me , answering all of my questions and providing various quotes to me . when i decided on the blinds i wanted , i was shocked that they were ready for pick up as soon as they were ( about a couple of days ) . when i was installing the blinds myself , i realized the cords were too long ( they were touching the floor ) . i quickly called the store and they told me to bring back the blinds . i thought that i would have to wait for the blinds to be sent back to the manufacturer , but i was surprised when the staff advised me that they would be able to fix the problem immediately in-store ! i was very impressed with the service , friendliness , and overall professionalism with the staff and store . if the cords were not too long , this would have been a 5 star experience . regardless , i would definitely refer family and friends to this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were in on sunday and had three sets of blinds on tuesday as promised . we were given top notch advice on what types of blinds would meet our needs the best , how to install and work around small problems one encounters in old houses etc . a big thank you to laurna and the team for a great experience ! no more big box stores or internet ordering for us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the mushroom tacos they 're vegan and gf ! no cheese , no need to substitute or explain away your needs . the tortilla de maiz was clearly fresh made , as were the saut\u00e9ed mushrooms and pico . also they 're just $ 2.50 ! five stars ! i 'll be back soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't confuse yourself with the frida on atwater . it 's two different restaurants . i 've been told that this one was opened before the other one . here , tacos shines . the menu is sweet and short . nothing too complicated but oh so so good ! they also serve breakfast until 3 pm and their guacamole is lovely ! the service is super friendly and fast . i really love their green salsa . i even bought some home . a small container ( 250ml ) will set you back 3 $ lol an order of tortilla soup , guacamole and four tacos will cost about 24 $ taxes included . pretty good prices if you ask me . will be coming back for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "un des rares restaurants mexicains qui offrent la vraie cuisine mexicaine . nous avons eu la chance de parler avec une de deux cuisiniers et elle est super gentille . elle nous a expliqu\u00e9 que la nourriture servie a \u00e9t\u00e9 faite le jour m\u00eame et qu'il n'y a pas de conservateurs dans ses ingr\u00e9dients , de plus , sa viande est de bonne qualit\u00e9 . ceux qui travaillent ici sont tr\u00e8s gentilles et respectueux , le service \u00e9tait quand m\u00eame vite . nous avons command\u00e9 2 sp\u00e9ciaux ( 1 sp\u00e9cial = 3 tacos + une petite soupe de tortilla ) ; un autre sp\u00e9cial , mais une grande soupe de tortilla ( + $ ) ; nachos con chorizo ; un pozole et 4 boissons gazeuses pour un total de ~70 $ . je crois que c'est subjectif de voir si c'est cher ou pas , car les portions sont respectables . bref , nous avons bien mang\u00e9 ce soir et nous allons s\u00fbrement y retourner !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best tacos and tortilla soup in mtl . cheap and delish . casual and comfortable , especially in their new location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i are visiting the city and we decided to try this place out as it was just a 15 minute walk always . it did not disappoint ! we got the 3 tacos and soup special for $ 10 each . added the poisson fish tacos for and extra $ 1 ... worth it as we have one child and he loved that it was soft and easy to eat . we also ordered the chicken , beef and cochinita tacos and though they were all quite delicious , my favourite was definitely the fish one . other reviewers ordered the guac and so i thought we 'd give it a try . it was also just as others have said . probably one of the best i 've tried . not too much seasoning and can taste the freshness of the ingredients . it was an added bonus that our son loved to dip the chip and lick off the guac ... yup ... it was that good . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tacos are awesome , real homemade mexicain food you have to stop here at least once , also prices are really cheap !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heard great things about this little authentic mexican so i tried it a couple of times for lunch . there can be a bit of a lineup at lunch but nothing crazy . i 've tried the chicken , beef , fish and cactus tacos - as well as a side of guacamole with tortilla chips . tacos come with your choice of spicy or mild sauce . the cactus taco is yummy and worth trying . small portions but for $ 2.50 a taco , it 's worth it . the only one i did n't like was the fish taco ... i did n't like the flavour . with the other authentic mexican restos in the area , this one is 3rd on my list after lupita 's and tacos victor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "some of the best tacos in town , right up there with a few other mexican favourites . great tortilla soup too . service is friendly , glad they moved to a bigger spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's literally been decades since i 've been at the killer shrimp in marina del rey california . located south of the yard house and east of the panda in restaurant is where you 'll find this is establishment . they have a huge outdoor patio that wraps around the business since it 's a corner unit . inside you 'll find a bar and dining room which is quite spacious . i started off with the spinach salad which contain the hard boiled eggs bacon and yummy . i followed with the fisherman 's seafood entree which is a seafood stew that contained an assortment of seafood and was garnish with two pieces of toasted bread which was perfect for dipping into the sauce along with all the seafood . the portions are decent here and the prices are fair - everything was tasty and flavorful . if you like spicier flare go for the original killer shrimp wh i has a cajun kick and yummy too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the restaurant is located in town square , one of my favorite vegas shopping destinations . that 's a plus , especially since there is usually lots of parking to go around . the killer shrimp entree provides 1 2 of a pound of shrimp in a luscious dipping sauce . french bread with the sauce is good but not really to-die-for . the service was way , way too slow for the level of business . had to hunt for someone to get the check since our waitress had disappeared for 15+ minutes . so for some good , spicy shrimp with french bread for dipping at a reasonable price , it 's a decent value . if you 're in a rush , you might well be disappointed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place confounded me a bit . we stopped in during a weeknight , but passed up several other venues which were packed or had a wait . this place was pretty empty . maybe 6 tables , with about 4 people at the bar . this place is a very large space , so it felt strange . similar to others , we experienced some weirdness with the wait staff . it took a bit for someone to come to the table , but once it was sorted out , she was very attentive and personable . think it was more of a management thing than anything . food was solid , but not over the top . got the signature killer shrimp dish and it was very tasty . bread was a bit dense for my liking , and did n't really have flavor by itself . not likely to be back in this area anytime soon , but if someone wanted to go , i would certainly join them . however , i do n't know how they will continue to stay open with such little traffic . got to be some expensive real estate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here on a saturday night and it was not too crowded so i have zero complaints about the service . our waiter was informative and friendly . the food did not blow me away . i ordered the clam chowder , a generous portion for $ 7 , i like my chowder thick and creamy and this fit the bill . for my entree i went with the killer shrimp over rice shelled since that is what they are known for . it had a good amount of shrimp and i like spicy food but for me it was just all spice and too much of it . i took home my leftovers and enjoyed them for lunch on monday which makes me think once the flavor settles it taste better . i may go back to try their happy hour as i did enjoy my mai tai .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here recently for happy hour . good choices . i was n't too hungry so i had their fish tacos off the hh menu . good portion with all you would expect with fish tacos . i used to go to killer shrimp when they had a location in santa barbara . never knew the reason why they closed that location ? i 'm trying to figure out why there is never a lot of customers ? i hope i just pass by at the wrong time of day . would hate to see a new business fail . be back soon", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the host sat us right away . however every staff member that was working during this shift ignored us until i finally said something after 10 minutes . there 's a happy hour menu so i ordered a small plate of calamari . warning : it 's super spicy and it they do n't mention it . they also forgot my silverware . maybe the server was just having a bad day ... .i would n't come back here", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do yourself a favor and order the `` peel and eat '' shrimp . killer . wife , 13-month-old son and i have stopped in twice since they 've opened and both times the staff has been awesome , ambience has been wonderful , and food 's been great . highly recommend , we 're happy to have another delicious option in town square .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very disappointed with my trip to killer shrimp . the prices for the amount of food you receive is crazy . although the shrimp cocktail was very good , i ordered the lobster ravioli which was served on a ufo sized plate . on that huge plate was 6 neatly placed ravioli that could and should have been on the childrens menu . $ 21 for something i could eat in 2 fork fulls is retarded . i will not be returning to this place . as a local vegas resident , this is on my `` no go '' list .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i tried the killer shrimp , the signature dish , and it was just ok . the broth has a lot of heat , but no flavor . my husband had the fisherman stew , which was much better , it actually had flavor ! i gave them 2 stars instead of 3 because the restroom was filthy . probably wo n't go back since there are better options at town square .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food average . drinks average . service nice but the slowest i have ever experienced . there was maybe 20-25 people eating there but almost 45 minutes just for bread pudding ! tons of waitstaff wandering around aimlessly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "eat here before and the food was good with good service . just tried it again but this time service was garbage . the gentleman at the door could n't seat us outside cuz he did n't know there were n't anymore tables available . the when we did get a table the serve came with a bad attitude letting us know she was suppose to be behind the bar . the they told us that due to leap year today being the 29th of feb it was all day happy hour . then they changed their mind with a big attitude . we left after that and went to yard house .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recently had an amazing birthday dinner at killer shrimp ! we were a large party , and we all needed separate checks , which were granted . the food was excellent and service outstanding . i would n't hesitate to have another event there , but it 's a diverse restaurant that would be great for a shopping break or post-movie dinner as well . on a side note , the menu contains non-seafood options as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a groupon for this place and when i showed up it was closed for mechanical issues . not cool ! ! i came in from los angeles for a girls trip to vegas and was looking forward to eating here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went with my friend to town squares ' theater and noticed this new place.killer shrimp sounds interesting : ) after we watched a movie we decided to try this place . it was almost 8pm on a sunday and there were only 3-4 customers , so service was fast : ) . i ordered blackened salmon and it was delicious ! ! waitress was very nice and the manager came up to chat with us a bit . nice people , nice food . hopefully it will get busier though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the mac and cheese was the only high point of our experience . the bread was dry and crumbly , the sauce was bland , and the staff outnumbered the guests by a good amount , yet we could never get a simple bottle of beer in under 10 minutes . fyi - we went back in january , so perhaps they 've changed improved on some things . . .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice restaurant in town square . the service was awesome , attentive and friendly . the food was delicious . i highly recommend the lobster mac n cheese , it was to die for , but know it is huge . the killer shrimp is spicy but not mouth on fire spicy . the sweet potato fries did n't have much in the way of seasoning but the spicy fries were very spicy ! overall , great place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is based on bread dipped into a broth that has shrimp in it . without the bread , you 're getting very little food , just some shrimp . the bread..well ... it sucks . it 's not heated up at all , no crunch on the outside , spongy and flavorless . the broth is okay , and the shrimp is just boiled shrimp -- there 's nothing `` killer '' about the broth or the shrimp itself . the service was decent , but the dish we had came with corn , and we had to ask for it -- the kitchen did n't send it out , and we were one of two parties in the place early on a wednesday evening . i have to say that it 's a pleasant atmosphere , but we 'll never be back , it 's not worth the drive or the money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered the signature dish killer shrimp with pasta ... .mediocre at best the pasta seemed like an after thought in the dish the only plus was the bread that came with the dish to sop up the spicy broth . service was below average took forever to get the check and closed out i would not recommend it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the seafood paella is excellent ! the shrimp roll , shrimp chowder and shrimp caesars salad were likewise ! excellent ! reasonable price ! will be back there for more ! location is excellent ! service is excellent ! 5 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a great experience and good food . we had the fish tacos , calamari , chicken tacos , and killer shrimp with lobster . cathy the manager was helpful and cassandra was an amazing server . very friendly , honest , and fun . will be back : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "step 1 : walk up to menu , looks decent step 2 : restaurant does n't seem busy step 3 : approach podium , older lady at the front states there is a 30 minute wait time . step 4 : look inside there is at least 6-8 open tables step 5 : walk away and never return plenty of other restaurants in town square that actually fill their tables . this joint will be closed in 6 months like every other restaurant that occupied that space . bad service kills businesses .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had dinner here tonight . wow , excellent food and great service . ca n't ask for more . the seafood stew was incredible !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely delicolious.. wonderful staff.. if you have n't tried it you need to.. great shrimp bowl and spicy sauce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was hesitant to try this restaurant because the previous reviews spoke poorly of the food and service . i am glad that i stopped by . i had the mini crab cakes and they were delicious and full of fresh crab meat and herbs . the waitress was polite and the service was great ! i recommend giving it a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked into a very clean and cutely decorated place . sarah greeted us with such an awesome personality attitude . great customer service and food was awesome . we got the passion margarita and after sarah 's suggestion we also got the pieces of eight drink . they were great prices and all had a generous pour . we will definitely be back . good food , great customer service and great happy hour . thanks , sarah ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was amazing ! ! ! ! ! must try the clam chowder ! ! ! ! ! mika was a great waitress ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ehhh . 1 2 of the food was good 1 2 was n't . service was slow . we waited 20 minutes for our check after we were done . the lobster mac n cheese was great but the scallops were not . drinks took forever and we wanted to be drunk . not a great experience but not horribly bad either so ehhhh", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were in town visiting and looking for something different for dinner . we were sat immediately . the hostess answered some questions for us about the menu . our server came over right away . we loved her . she was bubbly and attentive and made many suggestions . another server acknowledged us as well and said someone would be right with us . we started with calamari which was good . we ordered the killer shrimp with rice and the killer shrimp with pasta . we loved the broth . dipping the bread in it was very yummy . our bowls both came with ample shrimp . i could n't even finish all of mine . we will definitely visit again when we are back in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i have mixed opinions about this place . the sauce and shrimp are great . french bread is n't really french bread . soaks the sauce up good though . fried shrimp said large or colossal or something and were not big at all . also , i think the server lied to me about the desserts being made in house . anyway , go there for the killer shrimp if youj like a little spice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rice was old ! i asked for a new rice but the cooks had thrown out the rice for the night , so i was left with cold and crunchy rice . the shrimp was overlooked and chewy because it had been de-shelled ( tails on ) . the restaurant was dead , only one other table was there besides us on a wednesday night at 9:30pm . when you walk in , the place had a very overwhelming smell of bleach and or ammonia .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's been a long time since i went to killer shrimp . the last time i went was in los angeles many many years ago . we came in the early afternoon and the restaurant was 10 % occupied . basically slow . i had the killer shrimp with bread and rice . bread was ok at best . almost wonder bread like which is not good . shrimp was ok. rice was n't well prepared , and seemed old . service was n't as fast as you 'd expect with the restaurant sparsely occupied . do n't think i would return", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food and service was amazing . went on a saturday night and it was not busy at all . sometimes service was a little slow , but the waitress we had always made up for it . great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maybe growing up in the pacific northwest spoiled me when it comes to seafood . not to say there are n't good seafood choices in vegas . unfortunately , this place is n't one of them . our server mahsa was excellent . very attentive and friendly . when they did n't have the wine my wife ordered she brought out , without us asking , a sample of one she thought may be similar . the food was average . the `` killer shrimp '' was not `` killer '' by any stretch . my wife 's salmon was better than my shrimp , but was n't excellent . their specialty drinks were 80 % ice . the best thing we ate was the ahi appetizer . that was delicious . overall , great service average food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "our waitress was wonderful . that 's about it however . my wife and i both got their signature shrimp in the fiery sauce with rice . for $ 18 i would have wanted shrimp that was of a higher quality . it was n't horrible just not as good as i would have expected . the sauce was spicy as advertised . other than that it was bland . no flavor . i wanted to enjoy the sauce but ended up eating only the shrimp for dinner . other dishes may have been a better choice but we both left hungry and disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "killer shrimp , lasvegas , nv i 'm going to miss the resturant ! loved the food and the customer service ! the shrimp broth makes the meal so do n't be `` chintzy '' even if customers have to pay extra ! ! come back in 2017 , maybe at the linq promenade china town , or even downtown . the rent is little more expensive , but you will have more people walking traffic coming in the door to make the business a success !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was great , killer shrimp entress were absolutely bad . unedible . unexplainable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so yummy ! ! ! genesis was so nice and so patient with us as new customers . she had great suggestions and we were very satisfied with everything we ordered , food and drink .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awful service . food was pretty good but the bad service was so bad ... i wo n't go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ate there last night . had the basic killer shrimp . knew that they would be in broth because of the menu desc but they had the shell on . at the `` other '' on the shell places , they give you gloves . here ... no ... just some wet naps and napkins . very messy . sause broth was just okay as far as flavor . slightly spicy . there were a lot of shrimp ... just not my type of thing . they had lobster tails on the menu but not by themselves . wish they were but oh well . wish there was a vegetable offered with . just shrimp and bread . bread was n't warm . lots of it though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted to like this place , but i just ca n't . the service was slow from start to finish . it was after 9pm so they were not overly busy . a table should never have to be sitting with a credit card in hand staring into space for 10 minutes before anyone notices they are ready to leave . the food was mediocre . the coconut shrimp were all breading and soggy . the fried cod was tasteless . the fancy drinks were completely watered down . we left a table full of food and $ 75 at this place . we wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "most other killer shrimps i 've been to have been great , but sad to say that this one missed the mark . the food was ok , service was very slow on an empty night and the drinks were very watered down . so sad to have this happen here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very unimpressed . no hostess . walked in and asked if we should seat ourselves . everyone seemed disorganized . once seated , it took quite a while for the waitress to greet us . there were a total of 4 tables ( including ours ) ... . drinks were slow . glasses stayed empty . waitress seemed distracted food : calamari : served with ranch . who does that ? ! ? -breading was falling off , no salt . -when asked for horseradish sauce the waitress brought tarter sauce -we were advised the chef was making some fresh for us but we never saw it lobster mac & cheese over priced -do n't get me wrong , i 'm a cheese lover , but it was sooooooooo cheesy that i just could n't eat it without wanting to vomit clam chowder mediocre kids menu angus sliders : i would n't even feed that garbage to my dog ! ! ! ! -over cooked , dry , awful taste . -where did that meat even come from ? the freezer of 2006 ? ! ? ! ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really really good ! ! ! food , coffee & service by cassandra , mgr even stopped by to make sure all was great ! ! ! i hope this place last the lest 3 or 4 did not ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "never a disappointment ! i 've been a patron of killer shrimp since the early 90 's , when they were only in los angeles . so glad to finally have one here in las vegas . food was just as stellar as it is in california and our server , mika , was awesome . i love introducing new friends to the og killer shrimp . we had a great lunch and will definitely be back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love killer shrimp ! ! ! ! we went here before catching xmen apocalypse . chelsea made our visit smooth and fun . we are n't originally from vegas so it was good to meet someone that we can relate to . the manager was nice as well ( i ca n't remember her name thought sorry ) but chelsea should definitely win the contest you guy have going on . she deserves it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in vegas for the halloween weekend festivities and stumbled upon this hometown hero . killer shrimp is a fav of mine at home so we had to swoop in . this place just opened so there are kinks to work out and it does n't have the same vibe as the one in marina del rey , but it has great potential . my girlfriend and i shared a salad and the mac n cheese and both were so , so good . the food did take a long time to come out , but it was worth it . i 'm always used to great service here and the staff was awesome . gaby took stellar care of us at the bar . this will be a stop for me every time i 'm in vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was n't great , stools at bar so uncomfortable . asked to move to booth or table so we can comfortably have some drinks after dinner and was told i do n't think so , let me check , and after waiting for a long time because it seemed like such a hassle , we decided to go somewhere else for drinks . and the place was pretty empty ! ! do n't waste your hard earned money . this location has seen many restaurants come and go so ca n't wait to see what will be there next because it 's bad and was empty on a saturday at dinner time !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i was so happy when they opened one in vegas because i 've been to the marina del rey location and loved it . fyi it is spicy so if you do n't like spice do n't go here or do n't get the killer shrimp . i really like the killer shrimp with rice the best . the pasta is okay but much better with rice . it comes with at least 10 large shrimps and amazing slices of bread for dipping . it 's about $ 18 a plate but there 's a groupon out right now that can be taken advantage of to save some money ! also the civiche is so delicious ! it 's very tart and has a lot of cilantro and lime . it comes with mini size tortilla chips . i look forward to going back again and trying new appetizers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great work and a great price . it was a bit of a risk , because i never heard of them and there was no review , but i did n't have much choice . my first option had no available cleaners for the date i wanted and the second one never replied to the web quote form i submitted and they did n't answer the phone . when i called sparkling clean , it was a different experience . my order was taken by a knowledgeable person , a price was discussed and negotiated , and we confirmed the details . exactly the way i expected it . when the time came for the appointment , a two-person team arrived exactly on time and proceeded to clean my apartment . no wasted time and no missed spots , they did an absolutely excellent job , including the horrendously dirty refrigerator and all the kitchen cabinets . i was truly impressed with the work and i would absolutely use them again . you should too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw all the great reviews and decided to use olya to clean my new house while still empty prior to painters coming . it really needed a deep clean . unfortunately , not only was she an hour late but also very poorly done . i had to go back over the house as painters told me baseboards and around windows still had dirt and cob webs . i expressed my concern and olya apologized and said to take $ 100 off cleaning fee . i offered her a chance to redeem herself but she backed out saying she thought the house was too big .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i contacted olya to help clean my investment property that is up for sale . to say that she is proficient , detail minded , and fair would be an understatement . her fee to do my floors windows was $ 80 and she definitely went above and beyond . my house is rather large and had not been occupied for some time , so it was no small task . from the time that i called , she was able to review and clean my house in less than a week 's time and was super flexible . she is also one of the sweetest , most considerate people i have ever spoken to . if you 're looking for someone that is dependable , reliable , and honest , then look no further . olya from sparkling clean maid is your person ! there are so many dishonest companies in this field , i am so lucky to have found someone as genuine and trustworthy as olya .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "olya is amazing ! i needed a deep cleaning of my old rental property before the final walk through . i came down with walking pneumonia and was n't able to clean the house myself- so it was very last minute . the house was lived in for 3 years with two dogs , and never professionally cleaned . olya quickly responded back with a quote and said she can come out the same day ! truly a blessing . not only did she do an amazing job , but she originally quoted me less than the job was actually worth and told me not to worry about it . she said she would take good care of me . and she did ! ! the house was spotless - she truly went above and beyond and i would recommend her to anyone looking for a good reliable thorough clean . thank you , olya ! i appreciate your hard work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "she did an amazing job with our place for a great price . i highly recommend sparkling clean maid . she is trust worthy , very thorough and she was great with our dog . we plan to have her come by twice a month . we are extremely happy that we found sparkling clean maid !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "olya was great ! their motto is 'we do n't cut corners , we clean them , ' and that they did ! we had just moved into a house that previous tenants had claimed to clean , but it was pretty dirty . our landlord booked them on extremely short notice and they came by even after a full day of cleaning other houses . she did an amazing job on our bathrooms , which we all know is the true test . olya was quick to notice all the shortcomings of the previous tenants ' attempts to clean the house and she and her team tackled it all with a smile . as we took notice of the thorough job they were doing , my wife and i simultaneously asked for their info so that we could hire them again in the future . i think we 'll we 'll be having them come by regularly . thanks olya and team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our 2nd time using scm and very happy with them . thorough cleaning ; we are considering having them come out on a more regular basis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "olya has cleaned our kitchen and bathrooms twice now , and she is meticulous ! she really does a great job and leaves no stone unturned . her rates were extremely reasonable and her work was high-quality . i would recommend olya without reservation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "olya had the best price and did a great job deep cleaning our house before we moved in . she was very good about communication and keeping me updated on progress . definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had my house clean today , she does a great job ! definitely having this service at least once a month ! i recommend this service ! everything is spotless !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "using a cleaning service is always a gamble , but i was pleased with sparkling clean . i called to inquire about scheduling an appointment for less than a week and received a very prompt response ! i was able to get an appointment for the upcoming weekend . eliane was on time and worked very thoroughly on a tough job . she was very courteous and professional and also gave us a fair price considering all the work that needed to be done . highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "olya is great ! i 've used several local cleaning services in the past , and i must say she is the best . very reliable , thorough , and trustworthy . the first time i called her , she came out within a matter of hours . she 's cleaned my place a few times , and each time she 's gone above and beyond what i expected . plus , her services are at a very reasonable rate . i 'm definitely going to keep using her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say enough good about this cleaning service , i would give 10 stars if possible . i called to set up an appointment for our home to be cleaned before going on the market . sparkling clean maid was right on time when she said she would be at the house , and went right to work . her proficiency , and professionalism was great ! the house has never been so clean , and her attention to detail and the small things really shows . we have a dog , and she was great with her , and did not mind our nosey dog checking out what she was doing from time to time during her visit . such a great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "with only a few days left to our move , and my wife and i needing a little last minute help we called sparkling clean maid and every expectation was met . she was nice , fast , very good at her job and the cost was extremely reasonable . the only way you can go wrong is if you do n't call sparkling clean maid .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called sparkling clean maid and they were able to fit me in for a cleaning the same week . olya was prompt and friendly . she took the time to clean all the dust , grime , and dog hair out of the house . i 've used other maid services and no one has cleaned as thoroughly as she did . excellent work - will definitely be using them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called olya last minute because our cleaner got sick and could n't show up . we had a party scheduled for the next day and she and her crew came over 4 hours after i called and did an incredible job . i was blown away by her quick response and her willingness to do such a great job . we liked it so much that we have cancelled our other cleaner and will now work with sparkling clean from here forward . i can say without a doubt that they are the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i asked olya to clean my house today . she was very professional and i am amazed at her work ! my house looks great . i highly recommend her services to anyone that needs a neat and clean house . i even told her not to make the beds because my kids are supposed to do this . to my surprise every bed is made . she exceeded every expectation i had for what i asked her to do . excellent service ! great job olya !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i made olya 's job difficult as a new employee in property management , but she was patient and kind throughout the process . she cleaned a tough vacant home job in a very short time with very little notice . she stayed in great contact with me , and i can not thank her enough ! i will definitely be calling her again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i wee out of town and olya cleaned our entire house . when we came back the house was spotless ! olya is very meticulous and pays close attention to detail which is very important in cleaning . she did an excellent job and we were very impressed ! it felt so refreshing to walk into a super clean and organized house after a vacation ! i 100 % recommend olya for all of your cleaning needs ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "olya is fantastic ! ! she replied quickly to my initial message requesting cleaning services and she was able to schedule an appointment within a couple of days . i was traveling out of town on business and did n't even meet her prior to her cleaning my apartment . typically i would n't do this , but i felt comfortable based on all of the 5 star reviews . olya did not disappoint and did n't miss any of the details . my place smelled clean when i walked in . she even washed my bath mats ! ! i will definitely use her again to clean my place and appreciate her taking the time to do an outstanding job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "olga did a wonderful job ! she takes pride in her work , fair with her pricing , and exceeded my expectations by cleaning my baseboards . i will definitely call her again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had our 2 story , 2100 sq ft home cleaned by olya a couple of months ago and were very pleased . our house was left very clean ! the only reason i did n't give 5 stars is because windows were not included in the cleaning but everything else was just how i wanted it to be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sparkling clean maid is incredible ! i am a realtor and often need someone to come in and make a property perfect before i put it on the market . no one does a better job than sparkling clean maid . she is prompt , reasonable in her pricing and does a exceptional job . this is my sparkling review for sparkling clean maid !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for house cleaning services and just could n't decide which one to go with . i decided to follow the reviews and i am so happy i did . olya and her team delivered what was promised and then some . she communicated well and there were no confusions . i will for sure be utilizing her services again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found olya 's name on `` my neighborhood '' site and went to read her reviews on yelp . with great reviews , i booked a last minute appointment and was very glad she could fit me in . i am very happy with the results . my house looks and smells amazing ! my mom is coming to visit tomorrow so this was a huge help . i will definitely book with olya again ... in fact , i think i need to do this on a regular basis because she is affordable and efficient . i highly recommend her and her business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "olya and her team came in - professional , friendly and extremely hard working . they obviously take pride in their craft and do a phenomenal job . we are trying to sell our house so she was up against some of my boxes and clutter in places . in addition to the deep clean they added little touches like making the bed , and straightening things on the top of the dressers . i like that they were n't scared to move the couches and light furniture to get under them . i wish i would have taken before pictures so can see the complete difference but for me they are a highly highly recommend . pricing was very reasonable . once i get into my new house i am definitely booking her in a more regular basis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "olya cleaned our kitchen after we moved to a new home - the appliances and counters look brand new . she is also very responsive - we texted back and forth to find a convenient time . thanks , olya !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i contacted olya after reading good reviews . she is top notch and will be our service from here on out ! excellent job olya", "score": "5"}
{"review": "olya was awesome . easy to work with ... returns phone calls in a timely way ... and her work was immaculate ! would definitely use her again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. benson is a dentist who actually takes the time to explain things to you so you can come up with the best option . if only i can find a pcp with as much curiosity and integrity . the only negative thing with this practice is the office staff . they do n't care about the fact that you are scheduling procedures around insurance coverage and out of pocket costs . they just do n't care about you as a patient or a person , really . hence , the four stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love dr. benson ! my family and i have been with him for almost 20 years . he truly cares about our oral health . he always explains what he is doing to our mouths and why he does it . the ladies that do billing understand how insurance companies work and we always know what amount will need to pay before deciding to get any work done other than teeth cleaning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to this practice since it opened and have actually been a patient of dr. velasco 's for even longer . dr. velasco and his partner , dr. benson , are very talented and superb dentists . dr. velasco is a particularly detailed and skilled dentist which i deeply appreciate as i am quite particular about my dental health . whenever i have needed the occasional emergency help , i have been helped and seen promptly . i would highly recommend this practice to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not stress enough how important it is to find a mechanic you can trust . look no further than west park auto care . on more than one occasion , i have gotten repair quotes for my jeep and they are always lower . i can also remember a certain mechanic wanted to charge me close to $ 1000 for radiator work that wp auto did for less than $ 200 . times i have dropped off for oil change and they did and extra service and did n't charge me . old school auto shop and run the right way . they definitely have the customers best interest in mind and i wont take my jeep anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have driven by this place for years . found myself with a slow leak in one tire for a few days . remembered they had a sign that read `` we fix flats '' . drove up and 10 mins later left with a patched tire . nice guys . fast . friendly . $ 18 all in . peace of mind was worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honest honest honest ! ! great to finally have a mechanic that will not `` scare '' you in to stuff that you do n't need or will not need for a while . i absolutely recommend this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "diese b\u00e4ckerei ist ganz in der n\u00e4he des bihlplatzes in heslach . sie bietet eine gro\u00dfe auswahl an ( bio- ) broten und anderem geb\u00e4ck , darunter auch spezialit\u00e4ten , die man sonst eher selten bekommt . das mehl kommt wohl in gro\u00dfen teilen von bioland-betrieben aus dem hohenlohischen . zus\u00e4tzlich gibt es noch ein kleines angebot an bio-molkereiprodukten und naturkostwaren . interessanterweise hat die b\u00e4ckerei samstags auf dem markt am bihlplatz auch einen stand , obwohl der laden max . 150m entfernt ist . mir pers\u00f6nlich ist die eine verk\u00e4uferin ( vermutlich eine der inhaberinen ) nicht so sehr sympathisch , deswegen einen stern abzug . gut ist aber dass die b\u00e4ckerei auch sonntags frische br\u00f6tchen hat ( und daf\u00fcr dann montags zu )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wunderbare biob\u00e4ckerei , insbesondere die dinkelbrote ! kleines angebot ( an der seite ) an bio-lebensmitteln .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wirklich qualitativ einer der hochwertigsten b\u00e4cker die ich kenne . wenn ich es am wochenende vor dem gro\u00dfen ansturm schaffe , hole ich hier immer meine br\u00f6tchen . bonus ist der verkauf von milchprodukten , also keine panik , wenn sonntags mal die milch f\u00fcr den kaffee fehlt : ) leider l\u00e4sst die freundlichkeit einiger mitarbeiter wirklich zu w\u00fcnschen \u00fcbrig . es hat sich jedoch schon gebessert . wer auf nummer sicher gehen will , der kann sich samstags f\u00fcr sonntag seine br\u00f6tchen vorbestellen . nachtrag : nachdem neue mitarbeiter eingestellt wurden , hat sich das thema freundlichkeit um 1000 % gebessert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "w\u00e4hrend ich aufgrund der wirklich au\u00dfergew\u00f6hnlichen qualit\u00e4t lange zeit 5 sterne vergeben habe , muss ich jetzt einfach korrigieren : die wartezeiten beim b\u00e4cker metzger waren schon immer lang . man hat meistens aber seine br\u00f6tchen bekommen . mittlerweile ist es aber so , dass jedes mal irgendwelche brotsorten nicht verf\u00fcgbar sind . und das ca . 1 stunde nach laden\u00f6ffnung . dazu kommt die sehr lethargische arbeitsweise der angestellten . wenn jeder so arbeiten w\u00fcrde ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you have problems more than just a broken screen where you can be quickly in and out for , then i would not suggest here . was told it would be 2-3 days and someone would contact me , but then when i called after 2 days i was told 3-5 business days . when i called again ( because i obviously did n't have a phone accessible all the time since they had it ) the associate told me he would call me back after he checked on my phone- never did . the next day ( day 4 ) i went into the store only to find out they were unable to fix my phone but no one had bothered to call and let me know this . not once did anyone call my husbands phone number ( that i left when i dropped off my phone ) or leave a message to let me know what was going on . phones are lifelines nowadays , so the lack of communication or any since of urgency was discouraging .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i regret going all the way to the other side of town to fix the ipad just reading few reviews at yelp . i had my cracked ipad fixed . initially it looked fine . but after using it for few weeks , the screen started coming apart ( splitting from body ) and now screen is completely messed up and typing by itself . at least it was just a cracked screen before ( very minior on the corner ) now it is useless . please think twice before going to this place . it may look fine but you will find out sooner or later because they probably use cheaper alternative to fix the problem which wo n't last long .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love these guys ! i 've been in here two separate times for a broken screen and each time they fixed it perfectly . the first time took about an hour , the second time took only 10 minutes ! tip : when they ask if you want the tempered glass , say yes ! i said no the first time and of course , ended up breaking it 2 months later . i will be sure to come here for all my phone issues !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely recommend this place the most reliable & affordable place to get your phone fixed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update : my phone would type on its own and at times not respond after i got it fixed . i dealt with this for a couple weeks but now my phone just wo n't respond it my touch at all . 100 % not worth going here . yeah it was cheap but my phone is ruined", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these guys were great . called first and they were very friendly and courteous . they were the same in person . i paid $ 104 for an iphone 6 screen replacement . it was the rate all around town so i guess they dont overcharge or anything . it also only took 20 min . and the $ 5 of coupon on yelp worked . i definitely recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i shattered my screen , it was fixed by the time i went out for breakfast and got back . the price is reasonable and the guy behind the counter was extremely nice and placed my screen protector for me , overall it was a great experience . thank you for not making me go all day without my phone ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my water damage iphone 5s fix here and they did a water damage treatment ! it works ! thank you guys for saving my iphone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . quick , friendly , knowledgeable , and their workmanship is so good you 'd never know you broke , cracked , or chipped your phone . and they stand behind their work . i do n't know many places that do that . you might as well just cancel your phone protection through you cell phone company . and come to these guys ! very impressed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i toke my iphone to get the led glass replaced . reasonable prices and toke a little over an hour . location is conveniently located . would definitely recommend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent service . upfront about cost . fast . provided update on time frames ( even though it was fixed on the same day ) courteous employee . friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the 4th time i broke my phone . both my coworker and t-mobile staff recommended this place , and i 'm glad i went . my phone came back like new and the price is cheaper than i have paid previews 3 times ( the last time was in september ) . this is my go to store now and i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was recommended to me by my best friend . the service here is very nice and the prices are at an affordable value . not to mention the service here is very quick . i brought in two iphone that got fixed in an hour . overall great experience here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have gotten a few apple products ( ipad and 2 diff iphones ) fixed here and am always pleased with their work . they 're quick and we 're able to fix mistakes from other phone repair places . maybe that 's why it broke again . will be back if for some reason i break my phone again :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought my ipad here to have screen replaced . price was very affordable . about 2 months later , screen started `` ghosting '' or auto touching . brought it back in and they fixed it free of charge . very friendly customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i called several places close to my work to get some quotes to fix my shattered iphone 5s screen . rj answered immediately , answered all my questions , and said it would only take 20 mins . as soon as i got off the phone , he texted me the addresses ( there are 3 locations ) . i went to the location on rainbow , walked right in , no line , no wait . they have a comfortable couch if you wan na wait , but i went for lunch . came back to my iphone good as new . friendly , fast and reasonable price . would def . go again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "john was extremely professional and educated me so much more on how the actual repair works . it 's definitely all about where you go ! fast and friendly ! : ) definitely recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my iphone screen done fast . rj is the best and made my phone look new again . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent customer service ! they were very helpful and professional . thank you rj and will for fixing my husbands phone . i definitely recommend this place to anyone who needs their phones fixed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got the screen replaced . wondering what the f k the quality they used , it crack again for just 1 foot drop from the car down . and they ca n't do anything about it . felt my money just got ripped off for some kind of trash . no choice i have to pick one star . whoever reading the think twice before you go ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my sim card was stuck in place and the latch was broken . i wet in and asked them to try to open it . the person who serviced me , john , went to the back and came back with it fixed in less than 5 minutes . when i asked what i owned him he said , `` no charge . '' so i 'm writing to give thanks for fixing my phone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only do i love supporting family owned small businesses but i also love receiving good customer service . this place has top-notch customer service , reasonable rates , repairs are done in a timely matter , and best of all they always help find a solution to help you out . why go with the rest when you can come to the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast friendly service ! i recommend `` wireless phone medics '' to everyone in the southwest . i cracked my iphone 6 screen . i called and they had me come down right away . wireless phone medics was able to replace my screen in no time at all . in need of a screen ... you know who to call", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a broken lcd on my iphone 6 and they fixed it at a cheaper price than most of the places that i called . they were super fast as well , i did n't even have to leave and come back . i 'm definitely coming here for all of my electronic repairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great in and out service , added with a great price ... . you cant get any better than that . highly recommend this place . i had broken my iphone screen and they had me out the door in about 20 min .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks to rj , i am able to type this review on my new phone . i bought an unlocked iphone 6s online , but could n't get it to connect to my cell network . i walked in and within a few mins rj had my phone connected & ready to set up . he also took time to answer my questions and give me some instructions on my new phone . i will definitely go back any time i have a phone issue !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my iphone in today to get the screen repaired . pretty bad crack on both my phone screen & the glass protector . it was replaced in 10-15 minutes . $ 80 for replacement & new glass protector . not as much as i would 've liked to have spent but it was either that or $ 150+ at the apple store . guy who helped me was very nice & said if any issues happen to just bring it back . no problems yet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fixed my iphone 6 cracked screen for $ 69 + tax and left a tip ( cause vegas , where do you not haha ) . went to run an errand , came back and it was done in 30min or less . robert fixed it , super nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience with wireless phone medics was awesome ! i 'm a very busy mom of 2 and this company was so very accommodating . the is no where else in town i will take any of my devices to . their staff was so friendly and their work is very professional . i highly recommend others check them out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "change up on my review . i noticed after a few hours my screen was lifting & considering a busy schedule i was unable to go back the next day . unfortunately , my screen got worse i kept waiting and it distorted the color of everything . i got it fixed once again and the same thing is happening all over again , screen lifting in the same area . have n't dropped it or anything , it 's been doing it on its own . i live in summerlin so it 's a far drive for me as well . i did n't give this place a one star only because they do have wonderful customer service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came here with a broken iphone 5 rj was super fast and had it fixed in 20 mins broken & cracked screen , home button , sim card slot missing & battery ... he made it look and work like new all for $ 126 thank you so much rj you are the best ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give integrity realty group zero stars i would . they bought my building from my landlord ( who was n't great but he was benign and helpful to a degree ) and from there things went south . they treated existing residents like second class citizens , refusing to return calls and to respond to emails . they refused to maintain most of the building . worst landlords ever", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will not recommend integrity to anyone . their price is ridiculous for the quality of their apartments . most of their apartments are very old and broken , yes by broken i mean your door knob can fall out of no where , the doors wo n't fully close , the wall and the floor are not well aligned , etc . worst part is they try to rip you off when you decide to move out , they will try everything to get as much money as they can out of you , one of the reasons they gave us is `` you need to pay one more month if we ca n't find someone to live in your apt after you moved out '' . so being their tenant , you better be ready to take the responsibility to find sb to lease your apt after you leave , cause integrity staff get paid for sitting on their asses doing nothing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my friend lives in the neighborhood so when i suggested we grab a bite while i was in town she recommended angelo 's . never one to say no to pizza i said that was just fine and ... .it was great ! she came with her two kids and this place is perfect for kiddos . they have a big , kid friendly menu and great servers who are patient and friendly . we ordered a few different pies and the cheesy breadsticks ( which were awesome -- i mean , can you go wrong with cheese stuffed bread ? i do n't think you can ) . they have a wide variety of toppings , gooey cheese , and a delicious crust . the makings of a fantastic pie . big comfy booth seating and a wonderful old school pizza parlor vibe make this a great , casual spot to grab lunch , dinner , or anything in between .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seafood pizza . deep dish . do yourself a favor and order it . best pizza place from new york city to chicago . go on a monday night and all their pies are half off ! ( dine-in only . ) my advice is to come early as it gets very busy . other favorites include the baked potato pizza and acapulco bbq chicken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't understand the hype . nothing special about this pizza , and it 's overpriced . i 've had better in cleveland for much less . i paid $ 16 for the pizza pictured below . what is this ? a pizza for ants ? ... the pizza will have to be.. at least three times as big as this.. never again . i almost said , `` what the f $ % ^ is this when i saw the box come out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i did not live in such a dangerous proximity from the best pizza in the world ( walking distance ) , maybe i would have desirable size 2 , but hello ! angelo 's is invading me , luring me in , teasing me and as a result of all of this feeding me . almost on daily basis . i do n't care about stressful parking ( i never drive there ) or rushed service ( i almost never eat in ) , or the fact that they butcher my last name , pizza is good ! ! ! the crust , the sauce , the toppings ... specifically the sauce ... sour-sweet-heavenly ! all of it is very very good . of course i wish it would cost less and it will i am sure ... the same day dolce gabbana will be sold at walmart . and i will have my cake and eat it too . but for now i have my angelo 's pizza .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually come here when glbc does the brewmasters specials . sit at the bar , have a few nosferatus and b.s . with random folks . bartenders are efficient . lakewood has so many pizza places its hard to choose one . i ( personally ) like roman fountain and papa nicks , but that 's just me . this one is thicker and a lot of sugar in the sauce but its tasty . thick pizza is not pizza ... its casserole . normally , its really crowded and expensive . two things that steer me clear of places . but the good tap beers will keep me coming back for happy hour . i 'm still burping up the sauce a day later but i have burped up worse . lets just leave what happens in tijuana in tujuana ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been meaning to give angelo 's a yelp for a few years . there was a time in my life when i think i ordered angelo 's delivery at least once a week . i 've visited twice recently and it 's still one of my fave cle pizza joints . angelo 's pizza is well above average `` for cleveland '' . you may not find deep dish crust like this anywhere else in the area . let me know if you do though , k ? doubt it ! their specialty pizzas are all pretty bomba $ $ . an easy fave , and what i normally order , is the seafood pizza . when i think of it , i tend to have to wipe the drool from my chin . delivery is always timely . eat-in service has never been less than stellar either . luv angelo 's ! ! do n't hesitate to give them a holllllaaaaaaaa ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wo n't go so far as to say it 's the best pizza i 've had , but it 's pretty darn good . they have a lot of specialty pizzas . the seafood pizza was phenomenal , complete with garlic butter , shrimp , crab meat ( i think it was imitation ) , spinach and cheese . one of the best fu-fu pizzas i 've ever tasted . as other reviewers noted , it 's definitely higher in price . but all in all , a great place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lunchtime playlist at angelo 's : all night long -- lionel richie you spin my head right round -- flo rida power of love -- huey lewis and the news come to me -- france joli hurts so good -- john mellencamp lonely no more -- rob thomas rich girl -- gwen stefani she blinded me with science -- thomas dolby if i were to name this as a pandora station , it would be `` obsessive love . '' not bad when paired with pizza .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for any pizza lover in northeast oh . this is most definitely the place for you . yes , there is always a wait . but , it 's so worth it . we travel all the way from the east side to eat here at least once a month . there 's something about the sauce . i 'm usually not a fan of pizza sauce . but , they seriously use magic when making theirs . we do n't go for anything fancy , a normal works pizza is just fine for us . the crust is spectacular ! soft , yet crunchy at the same time and we usually get extra sauce . they have a pretty decent drink menu and the staff is awesome . ca n't wait for next month , so we can return . i 'd highly recommend this place for any pizza lover !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an ode to angelo 's crust : you 're somehow crunch and soft at the same time . you 're flavor delights me senses . you can hold so many toppings . when you 're gone i miss you instantly . never change , crust . never change .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the two great deep dish pizzas in the rocky river area ( danny boy 's is the other ) , angelo 's pizza is an absolutely astounding . the only reason that it does n't get five stars here is because , well , you have to be in the mood for pizza , because the pizza 's the only really exceptional thing . fortunately , that pizza 's amazing . the crust is thick and made of actual bread ( and i 'm a bread lover ) , the sauce is tangy and tastes like tomatoes , and the toppings are always top-notch . best of all , they get better overnight ; generally , cold pizza is an acquired tastes , but i always love taking home the leftovers here . the rest of the menu is kinda skimpy , and done okay . the garlic bread is top-notch , but after that there are better italian meals . but that pizza ... mmmm . good stuff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some of the best pizza in the area and the wings bang ! ! ! ! angelo 's always has a crowd so unless your dining in and beware they are remodeling but i suggest calling in your order . save time and beat the crowds especially on the weekend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm updating this review . the pizza is still same quality , but the customer service ? ... yikes . my last few times i 've called , i 've been lucky to not be hung up on . i asked about this , and explained that i had been hung up on twice on this particular call , and i was on my third attempt . the snippy response from the snippy young lady was that they had poor phone service , and hung up calls if they could not hear . nice . here 's a thought sweetheart ... .assume your customer can hear you , and say that into the phone before hanging up . additionally , i have a difficult time believing they ca n't either update their phone service ( seriously , the place is in lakewood , not a third world country ) or call the callers back , as every phone on the planet has caller id now . i will finally try dewey 's up the street , as this has happened too many times now . and i adore angelo 's pizza .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i remember picking up pizzas at angelo 's when it was in the tiny space next to the gas station , and i 'm glad that they 've expanded and remained successful , because they do make some of my favorite pizza in the greater cleveland area . their sauce has a bit of sweetness to it , and the crust has always had a nice balance of crunchiness and softness , and somehow manages to remain enjoyable long after it cools . i 'm happy to see their new specialty pizzas , particularly the margherita pizza , which was delightfully garlic-y and tasted wonderful with the basil . their coupons , featured either on their website or through outside sources , are a great bonus , but i 'd keep coming back even without them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a huge shout out to the team at angelo 's . on thurday night , 5 16 13 , they donated 100 % of the sales of pizza to help the 3 women that were held in cleveland for over 10 years . the support from the community was amazing but the team at angelo 's was beyond words . the entire staff donated their hours to support the cause . what an amazing way to support the local community and to help those around us . thank you angelo 's for the best pizza and the biggest heart in northeast ohio .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the deep dish pizza is amazing . you do n't find crust like this anywhere else in the area . it 's almost as good as the toppings , which is so rare . bosco sticks are always my appetizer of choice . they melt in your mouth with so much cheesy goodness . amazing . their customer service is awesome . while there usually is a wait , they do their best to accommodate you . i came here for some late night chowing ( after 2 am ) once and looked inside the door . they were obviously closing down , but they opened the doors and welcomed us in . they were as cheerful as ever . they did n't have to do that for us , but they know how to serve customers right . love this place . it 's always a treat to stop by when i 'm in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously amazing pizza . the best i have had , probably ever . if you watch the kitchen , they totally hand-grate all the cheese ... what ? ? so delish ! their salads are killer . so much yummy goodness ! i recommend getting their roasted garlic and parmesan dressing . it 's kinda like kicked up , adult italian . soooo good . they have amazing dessert . they also have cheesecake factory cheesecake . we love this place so much , we 're considering having it as our rehearsal dinner fare . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upon arriving at angelo 's , we had to wait about five minute to be seated . when we sat down , the table was dirty and no one cleaned it for us . it took about 30 minutes to get our food which was only alright . the waitress never checked up on us and we had to ask a cook for refills . and the kitchen looked filthy and the containers holding the sauce and toppings looked extremely dirty . this was an unenjoyable experience . i will not come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been sitting on a $ 10 for $ 20 deal and finally got around to trying the mega hyped angelo 's . in my opinion it is a little over hyped . sure the pizza is good , but certainly not the best . we ordered two larges and were surprised by how small they were . the deep dish is the way to go , the crust is crunchy and was my favorite part . was it good pizza ? yes . but will i go out of my way to come back ? no .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'll give it 5 for pizza and 4 for wings . pizza is done great , very nice crust , great cheese blend , tasty sauce , and great tasting dough . they put a great pizza together . i was really impressed with them , would def go back as a regular here . wings were good , they are tender and delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "holy cow , this place is good ... really good . we first heard about it from our realtor and then friends in lakewood . finally , we tried it ourselves . it was outstanding . the seafood pizza is absolutely addictive . they must lace it with crack or something , because it was extremely good , and i wanted more . the place is a bit of a tight fit if you want to eat in ( not a lot of tables there ) , but the pizza is some of the best i 've ever had . 5 stars are n't enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best pizza period . i have been all over the us and this pizza ranks at the highest level . the pan crust is unreal . angelo 's pizza is a must if in the lakewood or cleveland area . if you have had it , it is no secret to you how amazing it is , but this place loudly flies just under the radar ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whether you get their deep dish or original , the regular cheese stick or the bosco sticks ... all amazing . great delivery staff , always faster than they say they will be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place to hang out and have great food . if u get here on monday 's they have an awesome half off pizza deal but get there earily or be prepared to wait . the food is really good , the ingredients are fresh and the service is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3.5 ! if you 're hungry for pizza , angelo 's is the place to go . i came here with friends ( fellow yelpers joseph f. and sheila f. ) to celebrate a friends ' birthday . we ordered many a round of pizza and pretty much demolished it all . angelo 's is small and intimate , but it still had enough space to fit a party of 10-12 people along the side of the restaurant . it 's on the west side across from this record store , which we went in to check out before we ate . some of my favorite pizzas of the ones we ordered : the seafood , the acapulco bbq chicken , and chicken mac-n-cheese . we also ordered the taco one and margherita - taco was so-so , and margherita was just the usual .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is n't pizza . this is crack . i 'd say `` crack on a crust , '' but really ? the crust itself is crack . i ca n't even begin to explain how amazing the crust of this pizza is . if tastiness was a crime . angelo 's would be guilty of deliciousness in the first degree . i ordered wings this time , thinking that i was n't in the mood . after i ate the wings , i went back for the pizza . the yummy , yummy pizza . two slices are sitting on the dining room table , and even though i 'm not hungry they are calling my name . do n't get me wrong ; the wings were good . but the pizza . the pizza . oh , the pizza . i ca n't decide if it 's more like great sex or a religious experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza is not bad just way overpriced for what it is . service not great wait for food was a good amount of time . ordered deep dish and was brought a traditional style . then they tried to pass off a thick crust pizza as a deep dish on me cuz they screwed up my order . how pathetic . will never go again . just not worth it . can find better pizza elsewhere for cheaper . 2 stars is being generous . .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "deluxe pizza was awesome . nice craft beer selection . staff was friendly and i really enjoyed the laid back atmosphere and good service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely adore angelos ! even though you may have to wait for a while sometimes to be seated . people only wait for what 's worth it . angelos is definitely worth it ! their pizza is amazing ! the sauce , the crust . and consistently amazing . it 's pizza . you know what pizza is . so , the only other thing i can say is that every time i go there i end up excitedly bouncing in the booth on the seat when the pizza arrives ... . clapping and smiling like i was five and someone just gave me a new puppy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in my opinion , the best pizza you can find on the west side ( short of going to a place that offers personal , more artisan type pizza fare ) . the panko bread crumbs on the crust add something extra . cheese is n't exceedingly greasy and of pretty good quality . delivery is pretty fast . pies and slices are on the small side . sauce is a little sweet and could use a bit more spice . but overall , very good , especially for cleveland pizza ( i 'm used to new york pizza ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "posting on behalf of my husband and family visiting from out of town . this is hands down one of the best pizza experiences we 've ever had . mashed potato pizza , what 's not to like ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was picking up a late night pizza ( which was excellent ) and witnessed one of the employees ( a young lady ) help another young girl who was clearly out of sorts sitting across the street alone . the employee brought her inside and gave the young lady water and offered her food . not only does this restaurant have great food but , outstanding employees as well . i 'm proud to have this restaurant in my neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love angelo 's pizza . they have a huge variety of toppings and the combinations make for some great pie . they recently did renovations to the inside of the restaurant and it looks great , but i 've only ever done takeout . they make the pizza fast . i would often be getting 6 extra large pizzas and they would tell me 30 minutes during a busy day . they are also one of the few pizza places left that still make big pizzas . everywhere else it seems that the large pizza has gone down in size and i 'm happy to see angelo 's has n't .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were a party of 8 ( plus a baby ) eating there this past sunday . the bar staff , servers and hostess were all really great . the restuarant was busy busy . we did have to wait quite awhile because we wanted to all sit together at one table - they said they should split us up in 2 side by side tables , but we waited . it was a fun atmosphere . the apps were yummy and the pizza was really great . the pizza dough is the best i 've eaten . take out area was just as busy as the eat in dining room ( especially for a sunday ) . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this restaurant on yelp while visiting for weekend . ordered margherita pizza , salad and two desserts . excellent pizza , some of the best we 've ever had . take out order ready in 15 minutes . great prices and quality . a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "angelos is by far one of my family 's favorite pizza places for years ! the deep dish pizza has a fantastic crust that makes the pie . we typically stick to a more traditional pizza ( double pepperoni ) , but i have only heard good things about the speciality pizzas . if you are in lakewood this pizza place is a must have !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very overrated pizza place , someone should investigate their grease traps because i feel they ladle that shit on their pizzas before cooking them , like seriously you could fill a soup can with the grease from a small pizza", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been to angelo 's a couple times and i will say that their pizza is good as long as you do n't get too complicated . and when i say complicated , i mean they have tons of really weird pizza combinations . seafood pizza ? macaroni and cheese pizza ? what ever happened to mushrooms , pepperoni , and green peppers ? i 'm sure that some of those different combinations are good , but i 'm not that creative . service was good as well . very attentive , speedy , and i always had refills . if you do go to angelo 's make sure you order the spinach artichoke dip ! you wo n't be disappointed . the portions are huge ! i was full before the pizza even arrived , and i shared with 2 other people . where this place lost a star was their parking . god awful . mostly meters and street parking . i hate parking there because we almost always end up parking on some far away side street and hoofing it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pizza was really good and so were the wings . good service too . would definitely go back next time i am in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you love pizza- and i mean really good pizza ... . this is the place for you . also , if you enjoy beer with your pizza- this is a good place . they have a decent beer selection . but the pizza is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pizza ever ! my wife and i compare every pizza we eat to angelo 's , needless to say , they all come up short .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pizza ! ! i love love love angelos ! recently moved to cleveland and have been looking for a delicious pizza place ! angelos does not disappoint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's okay . i 've had better pizza , and i 've certainly had better delivery . no matter what i order , they always forget something . it 's okay if you need some pizza , and you need some salad and you 're not expecting the best in the world . you 're much better off than if you ordered domino 's .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "although other reviewers disagree , this is the best pizza i have ever had ! ! however , i would mention that if you like pizza sauce that is on the sweeter side you can not go wrong here but if you like spicy sauce you may want to seek other options . one of my family members lives in chicago and grew up in chicago . when he visits cleveland he insists on going to angelo 's noting he finds it better than any place in chicago . that is high praise indeed ! we live in lakewood so we order delivery regularly . we had out of town guests this weekend and ordered pizza delivered for dinner and they loved it too . they asked to take the leftovers home with them ! the only negative is that if you go to the restaurant to dine in sometimes the wait can be really long particularly on mondays ( half price pizza night ) so we almost always order delivery or pick it up on the way home from work . i have the telephone number memorized and saved on my speed dial , of course !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , this place was n't bad but i did n't like the sauce for the pizza at all . it seemed a bit too sweet for my taste . maybe i am spoiled by all the pizza i was exposed to while living in ny for the past several years . who knows ? but the redeeming factor is their spinach dip is no joke , the best ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "angelo 's is the go to for gourmet pizza . on the pricier side but well worth it ! their sauce is perfect.. not too sweet but not too tomatoey . love them !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to say that angelo 's pizza is not my favorite but it 's decent pizza . i think the sauce is a little too sweet and the pizza is a bit greasy . that being said , i wanted to get pasta the other night and i did n't feel like cooking or going out , so i ordered pasta from angelo 's . i got the chicken parmesan and my wife got the fettuccine alfredo . both were delicious . we also got an order of the baked ravioli , which was amazing . i would recommend trying the pasta .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "can not go wrong with the deep dish pizza here ! reminds me of chicago and does n't make me miss it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the one and only rules for buying pizza here is it has to be deep dish ! if you get regular crust there is no point , alot of money on average pizza but if you get the pizza deep dish ( which is amazing ) is pretty much worth the high price you pay for the pizza ! me and my wife found a secret about ordering the pizza was if you ask for the pizza `` well done '' it turns out to a perfect golden brown and makes the pizza just that much better ! good thing i am writing this review now because if it was when they were open i 'd probably have to order a pizza now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "angelo 's is a west side institution and when i was dating a boy from lakewood , we spent many evenings scarfing down an angelo 's pie , then walking down clifton on a warm summer evening . it was n't quite as good as my hometown marconi 's , but it was great pizza . marconi 's has faded but angelo 's is still great pizza . definitely give it a try if you 're new to cleveland or passing through town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super yummy ! i can see why this place is so popular . i had the margarita pizza with garlic butter instead of tomato sauce , and it was the bomb ! ! will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "angelos doesnt even need a review . their food speaks for itself . has and always will be the best", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you may have to wait for a table , especially on mondays , but it is well worth the wait . best pizza in the area . i live in lagrange which is a hike , but i will drive for this pizza .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been buying pizza from this award winning establishment since 1984 . i once heard the owner say you can be the best or you can be the cheapest . there is a reason they keep winning best pizza year after year . now its your turn to find out why . i recommend the 5 item deluxe with an extra side of sauce . just do n't get too upset if you have to make a new line item in your budget titled killer za . you have been warned . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best pizzerias in cleveland ! go for it ! will never be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had pizza in chicago , new york , and other places and to me this pizza is one of they best i 've ever had . for those in cleveland who have never been here you must try it . if you do you may never go anywhere ever for a pie . i 'm definitely going to be making my way back here real soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was told angelo 's was the best pizza in cleveland . i give it that . not the best pizza i 've ever had , but the best pizza i 've had in cleveland so far . so yeah , i 'm a fan . the crust was crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside , just the way i like it . the sauce was good , a little on the sweet side for my liking , but good . the toppings and cheese were cooked perfectly and were abundant on the pizza . no skimping there . i have to say the bread sticks were tasteless . not a fan . if it were n't for the prepackaged garlic butter and the marinara , they tasted like frozen , reheated bread sticks . overall , i would go back . it was enjoyable based on the pizza itself . i just do n't think it lived up to the hype .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is probably the best pizza i 've ever had . they have probably the best wings i 've ever had . they even have some of the best salad i 've ever had . there 's not much more i can say about it , except that i moved to tampa and now there 's not a pizza place anywhere that can compete with angelo 's . i miss it terribly . granted , i 've never tried any of their weirder combinations ... when i went , i just got pepperoni and cheese , but it was more than memorable . and as i said , i 'd urge you to try their wings and salad . their ranch - wherever it comes from - is to die for , too . if i make it back to cleveland , this is the first place i 'm going . i 'm not kidding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best pizza , my husband and i get it at least once a week . perfect balance of sauce and toppings.yummo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply put , it 's the best pizza you can get . go deep dish ! you ca n't go wrong with the spinach artichoke dip , either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there 2 nights ago , this is definitely the best pizza i 've had in the whole cleveland area ! our waitress was exceptional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing freaking pizza . i have n't been here in a while , but the last time i went was with a fabulous family after a recording session , and it 's one of my favorite memories of a good friend who passed away last year . their pizza is legendary , the atmosphere is homey and warm , and it 's really just hands-down the best pizza i 've had in cleveland . and everyone is right about the crust - so good . so enjoy , chuck ... i bet you get all the angelo 's you want up there ! and for those of use who are still earth-bound , it 's a great reprieve from your boring old dominos and pizza hut pizza . yum .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone kept telling me angelo 's was the best pizza around , not even just on the west side , but the best in cleves . i have to say ... .big guy 's in tremont is still my favorite . it 's not bad pizza by any means . but it was a little too doughy for me . i guess there 's different styles , and it 's just not my style . for that type of pizza , it 's good , so i 'm giving it three stars . but big guy 's is still my fav on the west side .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first let me say our server was great . i had a plain cheese pizza , deep dish . it was my first time eating angelo 's . the crust was perfect but the sauce did n't do it for me . too sweet . some people love it , me , too much . they were not skimpy on the sauce at all . we had a family dinner salad which was pretty basic as you 'd expect . poppyseed dressing and zesty italian were very good . so only 3 stars based on the sauce , just could n't get past it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "alright pizza . very over priced . there are plenty of cheap pizza places around that have better pizza . service was mediocre . server came right away , we asked for a few minutes , she came back 15 min later . we waited another 15 min or so for the check after we asked for it . a good note the sauce that comes with the onion rings is awesome and they have fried zucchini . this place is very popular and always busy . it is also very tiny . toy will have to wait for a table which is fine , but there is nowhere to actually wait where you are not in the way of the servers or standing right on top of someone trying to eat their dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've only eaten here once , so this might not be the definitive review . i know cleveland raves about it being the best pizza in town , but i found the sauce inedibly sweet . i kept trying to eat it , thinking it would grow on me , but in the end the dog got pizza . nice crust , nice toppings , but -- ca n't do sweet sauce .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great neighborhood spot in lakewood for delicious pizza in a pedestrian retail location . ( plenty of parking along the side too ) . their menu features the standards of pizza and salad with lots of varieties to choose from . build your own . they have both round and deep dish round . prices are reasonable . mondays feature half off pizza . place gets crowded . wait staff is very attentive . bar has lots of favorites and several tv 's to keep you entertained . outdoor seating is a huge plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "angelo 's was recommended to me by several friends and it did live up to the hype . the pizza is great , and they offer half-off deals on monday . the service is kind of slow because they 're always so busy , which is hardly their fault . great quality attracts business . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pizza . wow , i was surprised . a friend recommended i check out angelo 's and so my boyfriend and i dined there on a tuesday night . it was packed so we sat at the bar . i rarely eat crust on a pizza but this pizza was so good i had to do it ! i asked for extra sauce and they gave it to me . the saucy is a bit on the tangy side but damn , the crust , cheese , sauce and toppings were on point . i will definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy moly the pizza here is good . i do n't know what they do to the deep dish crust , but it is perfectly flaky and buttery . the acapulco bbq chicken is delicious , definitely need to go back to try more of their pizza !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say enough good things about angelo 's pizza . soo good . the seafood pizza is one of my favorites but they are all good . thick crust is a must- they put panko breadcrumbs ( or something similar ) on the bottom of the crust . it is delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i forgot how good angelo 's pizza is . i had it recently delivered and it was beyond . great crust , great sauce , great toppings . i love . and that says a lot , because i really like pizza . they also have a lot of creative pizza combinations that i would n't nessisarily try , but i 'm glad they are there : ) i give it 5 stars because it definitely is in my top 5 pizza places .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "get the deep dish . it 's great . terrible for you . but amazing flavor . what a hidden gem . the staff is friendly and there 's a quick turnover for your order if you place it to go . i was there on a busy sunday evening when the wait to sit and eat was treacherous , but we decided to place an order to go and it was ready in about 15 minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please provide an east side location . i think that says it all about how good angelo 's pizza is !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tonight one star is suffice . reserved seats again at the bar w no one there yet . last two times , the people never came . since when did they start holding multiple seats at a bar anyways & what 's the time limit cause i 've witnessed hours of 'no shoes . ' sorry hanks , but i 've been a regular here since you opened . chef jose is a sweetheart still & i know if i went back to find him he 'd find me a nice seat & make the experience special . the gm roy had zero to say as well when i mentioned this to him . wow . a friend of mine was in town & asked for a recommendation on steak & i did not even think of hanks cause of how it has been the past five months . pointing out something that you should think about .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "happy hour at hanks ! the girls and i stopped in for their happy hour since we 've all heard great things about it . you walk into their bar and lounge area . it 's decorated beautifully with many comfy seating all around . during our visit here there was a guitarist playing ever so lightly which made for great cocktail music . we decided to split their mushroom and goat cheese tart . oh yum . so rich and creamy . this is n't served with any bread for dipping but we received some without any issues . we also split the chef 's choice sliders . on that particular day it was reuben sliders with sauerkraut . well , we respectfully requested them without the sauerkraut . they were good but not great . i 'm hoping to try them again on a different slider option night . service here was good . we did n't have any issues with drinks and refills . there were a few different girls always checking on our table . it was nice ! yes , i will be back again ! maybe for dinner next time . : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hidden gem ! i 've been going to gvr for years now and every time i walk by hank 's i always think to myself , `` how does that place stay in business ? '' little did i know that the joke is on me . the food was out of this world ! the service was impeccable . the attention detail was superb . the salad plate was freezing cold , the steak plate was piping hot , the side dishes were to die for , the steakhouse salad was out of this world , the peppercorn and horseradish dipping sauce were heavenly and i can just go on and on and on ! this is a must eat for locals and a very strong recommendation for travelers in las vegas . vegas has a ton of steakhouse 's but this one is truly special .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm always looking for my favorite steak place in las vegas , so when i saw this place , i could n't wait to give it a try . very classy place and friendly service . being off the strip , i was hopeful that it would be my go to place . although it was good , it also wo n't be my go to place . first of all , getting service was bad . for drinks , for ordering , for getting the check , they just ignored us even when we flagged them down . and then as a high end steak place , i did n't think the steak met expectations . sure it seemed of a high grade , but it was just a little more than medium rare and did n't have any flavor . too bad , i really wanted to like this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "note : i have yet to actually dine here . all of my experiences have been appetizers and drinks at the bar . hank 's is a classy , but not stuffy , steak restaurant at green valley ranch . and they have an awesome happy hour . it 's a great place for grabbing cocktails and appetizers . on my most recent visit , we did a bottle of wine , calamari , fries , and lobster bisque to share amongst us . all of it was delicious . the bartender was friendly and attentive . and on a friday night , the bar area was actually pretty empty . all in all , great drinks and great eats await you here . and there 's some great deals too during happy hour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love a great happy hour and hanks makes a fine martini ! during happy hour martini a are half off . hand crafted martinis made with fresh ingredients and there are plenty to choose from ranging from classic to new favorite flavors like cucumber . cold and refreshing with just a hint of sweetness which makes it the perfect beverage to go with the chef inspired sliders . tonight 's slider offering : prime rib sliders on a potato bun with brie and red onion relish # delish", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely love their happy hour ! half price martinis , how can you beat that ! it 's the perfect location for a few drinks before going out for the night . the food on the happy hour menu looks delicious as well but we were going to dinner so i will have to be back to enjoy that ! i had a dirty martini , you can choose whatever liquor you want . others in my party had the key line martini , a mango one , and one with a jalapeno and all were excellent ! the staff was attentive and engaging . great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were there july 4th weekend , and the bar was packed . we found 2 seats near the back and near the musician . service took a while and we were told the bar is backed up . we loved the food- prime rib sliders , shrimp cocktail and watermelon salad . we did n't love the `` entertainment tax '' that was ever so hidden in the bill within the sales tax . when we complained about it , our server said it was posted on the menu . but not the happy hour menu ! the manager removed that charge from our bills , and told us which nights did n't have live entertainment . i ca n't recommend coming for happy hour when they have entertainment .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dined at hanks when i stayed at the gvr . the service was good- i think the server had a cold . they were out of the niman filet , i ordered the strip instead- not a good choice . when the food came out the steak was a cold , the sides- asparagus and mushrooms were perfect . ordered the salt caramel profiteroles- it was delicious ! place is beautiful and spotless , but when you drop $ 200 plus for dinner , hot food should hot . if i 'm staying at the gvr in the future , i 'd probably pass on hanks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love hanks ! the environment is very elegant and beautiful and the food is fabulous . my overall experience was amazing .. cocktails are spectacular , as well as the food ! i ca n't say enough ... wld recommend to any of my out of town clients and my local friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is pretty great ! ! ! it 's extremely classy..a little too much for me..hahaa . however , the staff is super sweet and talking to them was so fun ! the steaks cut like butter and the potatoes and salad taste divine !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was delicious . i have to say we started off great and went downhill . roger our waiter , seemed overwhelmed as the dining room got filled up . items were forgotten , yes mostly mine . we are entertaining an out of town guest , this was a bit embarrassing . the best was one he lumbered over with a pathetic birthday something , and walked away - leaving us without any silverware . i ordered cappuccino . it was lovely that the bus boy came over after my friends got their coffee and tea and said `` roger forgets our cappuccino machine is broken . '' he brought over a plate of 3 tiny desserts to make up for it . not impressed . back in the day , they just seemed to care more . step it up .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not really impressed with regard to the steak . we had the ribeye steak and have had a much better ribeye from vons supermarket ( seriously the best ribeye steaks are at vons ! ) . my husband had the crab cakes for an appetizer and said they were good . we had a martini that was excellent . $ 10.00 for a baked potato is kind of obnoxious even if they were being shipped in from another planet it 's such an obvious markup . atmosphere was nice and the people sitting at the bar for happy hour were having a blast drinking their 1 2 priced martinis . i had a comp for hanks so i am happy i got to experience it but even more happier i did n't have to pay for it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "five stars for being the only real steakhouse is henderson . i love the fact that is so close to home , and offers really the best steak around . i always order the filet , and it never ceases to please . the creamed corn is amazing , and has a crispy top layer which i have never seen before . if you enjoy wine , this is your place . if you enjoy a fine martini ( like myself ) this is your place . if you know your steaks , this is your place . pretty much , this is my place . expect a bill of at least $ 150 for two people , and that is only a starting point . but if you are in the mood , splurge a bit . i promise , you will be glad you did . the pianist is has a terrible voice , but that 's just a personal opinion . and it does n't matter what he plays , he could never stop me from enjoying hank 's . the food speaks for itself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "high-end steakhouse ? vegas has a million of 'em ! but hank 's stands out in the crowd . i would like to give hank 's a shout out for something rarely acknowledged on yelp : this place is well managed . here bartenders know how to pour , staff knows how to serve , and the kitchen knows how to cook . if you have ever run a business , you know these are not by accident , but by design , with great staff executing a solid plan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "waited over 35 mins from the time we ordered our drinks until they brought them to us . granted it was busy , but that 's inexcusable for the amount you pay here . the waitress was really nice and apologetic but seemed as if she was helpless to fix the situation . the food is actually really good . if they lowered their prices by 20 % their prices would be more in line with the quality .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "swanky ! you know you 're going to a great place when you walk inside and it is 3 people deep at the bar and everyone is enjoying themselves . the bartenders are quick to take care of you and make sure you have an incredible experience . it 's nice to have so many varieties of martinis . then once you are entering the main dining room , the real experience begins . again , this staff is quick and friendly to ensure you have a memorable time . i would highly recommend the fillet mignon , medium rare , with a side of creamed horse radish sauce . their cream corn has been a signature dish since opening day and it tastes better spoon by spoon by spoon . while i am not a connoisseur of desserts , i have seen what they have to offer and it is far from being disappointing . granted this steakhouse might seem a little pricey in comparison to others in the city , however it is the attentive service combined with the variety , presentation and excellence of food that makes this a place one not to miss .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "take the off-strip journey to hank 's if you : crave the highest quality steaks , and related trimmings . enjoy cozy seating & fantastic ambience . enjoy hearing eclectic music selections from a bar pianist singer . insist on superb service . want easy , unpretentious help choosing the perfect wine . want to seem like you know the hidden gems of vegas . want to score major points with your dinner date . there are so many great steak restaurants in las vegas , and when you ask locals where the best steak is , they 'll give you all different answers . they are all great too , but for me , it 's hank 's . the experience , as a whole , can not be matched by the others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meh . steak experience was pretty sub par but they charge an arm and a leg . i was told to go there for there specials at 5 which i went on a friday . i just simply said do you have a lunch special or something . i said it wrong , my bad but he said we only serve dinner and rolled his eyes . well , there 's a happy hour he could of suggested . we were off to a bad start already . long story short , the rib eye steak alone is $ 57 ... when i mean alone , i really mean alone . if you wanted a side of mash potato , it 's ala cart of $ 10 , $ 10 for asparagus and keep building up your plate to $ 80 a plate . so not worth it . in this economy , save your money and get a great size steak at the cafe . enuff said .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice enough place with decent food . problem is , they are charging ultra high end prices equal to prime @ bellagio or del frisco 's . this place is not in that category . big signs everywhere saying `` we love locals '' . really ? then charging me strip prices for lesser food and service . gorgonzola mashed potatoes were awesome ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place ! nice bar , good entertainment , good drink list and excellent food and service every time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located at green valley ranch resort , they have the best martini menu i 've seen and they taste just as good as there creative names . they do n't skimp on the brands of vodka either and 1 2 price from 5pm to 7pm- yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have gone to hanks for several special occasions , in the past . this time was different . upon our arrival , 8 minutes early , we were asked to come back at 7 and our table would be ready for us . normally the hostess will suggest you wait in the bar and even carry your drinks when your table is ready . not this time , she was very rude . we walked around the casino and my husband suggested that we go to the mexican restaurant instead ! we did n't because i had my heart set on hanks for my birthday dinner . once we got to our table , we waited 10 minutes before our server showed up . ( they 're gon na teach us ) no menus , water , notta . once we got our dinner it was great as usual , but the initial experience really turned us off . maybe the hostess should be taught that we are spending $ 500+ and she should be happy to see us , not rude .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "avoid this place . so many better steak houses in vegas . way way way over priced . $ 80 lobster was over cooked $ 60 cut of steak very large but no seasoning . we spent $ 200 on a dinner that is no better than applebee 's . so disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service was slow and mediocore at best while the food was not worth the price paid . i will not be going back to this restaurant n the near future until i hear they have improved the entire operation .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't order the steak fries ! they were a bit soggy . the sliders were good but i have had much better . the meat was a little over cooked . please do have the hank 's dirty martini with blues cheese olives , of course ! they have a 2 for 1 happy hour which made it all worth it ! good ambience ! good servers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "danggggg this place is nice and of course pricey ! but for fine dining in vegas its great ! we ordered a variety of appetizers , entrees and sides along with a few bottles of wine and champagne ! the food was amazing . i recommend the salmon and the baked yam ! ohhh i was in love ! ! ! the service was great , very attentive and on top of the wine pouring ! i will make it back to hanks when there is another special occasion to celebrate !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down this resturante was the best experience i 've ever had in the area ! visiting from la , and knowing want `` good food '' taste like , i felt like home at hanks . since i 'm more on the 'healthy eating side ' of eating , we ordered the fried chicken , lol ! broccoli with out the sauce , and the mushrooms . it was absolutely delicious ! never even expected the chicken to be so tender , and it melted in your mouth . yum ! as i write this review i 'm still thinking about the chicken ... . i think it was the sage gravy that 's it for me , too ! ! we will definitely be back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4 stars for the sommelier service , knowledge and approach . 2 1 2 for service in general . 2 stars for the food : ( , the steaks were bland and not a prime quality as they advertised on the menu . side dishes were just ok. best part of the meal wine selection and fried oreos for dessert . for a $ 170 a head should be a way better quality meal . i guess for us who live in henderson , got to do the drive to the strip . ( sad ) not going back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great ambience , awesome and attentive wait staff , great wine selection , delicious steaks . less than impressed with the profiteroles , but everything else was top shelf .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "happy hour is the way to go at hank 's ! it was unbelievably good . we were staying at the gvr resort and decided to try hank 's bar lounge for apps and half priced martinis starting at 5pm ( apps are large and extremely reasonably priced at $ 9- $ 14 , martinis are around $ 14 each ) . you must get the crispy tuna tacos ... and the fried oreos for dessert . they were both spectacular . everything else we had was excellent , too : king crab leg cocktail and braised beef rib were delicious . we both got the pear martini which comes with a sugar rim , a splash of pineapple , and is very strong but tastes nothing like alcohol . really yummy . service was likewise great , and the ambience was classy and fun . perfect for an early dinner at the bar or a few small bites to start off your night in vegas . we 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bad experience ! did n't care about helping me and my pregnant wife get a table while more than half of the restaurant was empty , and stayed empty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went on a busy thursday night and had three fabulous waiters all to serve us ! we had oysters , filets , and dessert aka we where there for a while . our drinks were always full , our plates taken away , and the manager even stopped by a few times . love the atmosphere and the decor inside the restaurant ( only have been to the bar ) ! suggest you come here for a night out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't even waste your time going to this place . in order to get a spot at the bar you either have to be friends with the bartenders or the casino host . once someone vacates the bar , the bartenders quickly throw down place mats with `` reserved '' signs . when questioned about saving bar spots , you 'll be told it '' s at the request of the casino host . the food is only average anyway . if you want a better steak and friendly atmosphere , go to ocean club ( mastros ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hanks steaks & martinis is the best steakhouse i 've found in the las vegas area since `` the flame '' that was located in the back of the old desert inn hotel . hank 's ( 20 ounce ) bone-in , dry aged 28 days filet minion is the second best steak i 've ever had . we 'll worth a trip on a special event , birthday & or anniversary . located in henderson at the green valley ranch resort and spa . every time i think about that meal i start to salivate !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is uber expensive . i take my wife here once a year with some high roller friends that get everything on comp . otherwise i wold never step foot in here . the atmosphere is very bling . a unique gas fire place compliments the room amongst crystal chandeliers . live piano music can be heard in the bar at happy hours into dinner time . the food well . i never could justify a 50 dollar steak on a plate . i 'm not blown away by steak house cuisine . never was . but i guess you can say its the best money can buy . our host orders a bunch of things up an down the menu and the tab can get into the thousands . i was never impressed by any of the dishes . steak plate , portions small , drinks are on the other hand real good . the wine list is pro casino style . they got all the names and almost all the bottles that are currantly desired .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had the oysters served on an impressive blue ice lit water bowl . savoured a chateaubriand for 2 with a variety of veggies . its probably enough for 4 persons if an appetizer is ordered . enjoyed it with peppercorn , a cilantro and a horseradish gravy , but the meat did not need it . liked the bread selection , seeded bread was my fave . we had 3 men serving our wishes . beautiful chandeliers and gas flame features decorate the sleek decor . busy and beautiful steak restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have yet to have a bad meal here after going to dinner here over 15 times in last 2 years . the steaks , from filet to rib eye , are outstanding . the salmon and halibut are always cooked perfectly and are so delicious . the sides , from broccoli to tater tots to a whole yam to corn ... wow , one is better than the next , which was great to begin with ! the appetizers : my favorite are the salads , and all are really good , my current favorite being the tomato and caprese salad and the heart of palm salad . the wine list is exceptional , as are the desserts . the ambience is business opulence , with business casual dress ... the restaurant is very friendly and the service is elite . it is really easy to get to from self parking at the casino . i highly recommend this for anyone looking to dine at a top of the line restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the best steaks in vegas ! the chateau briand is incredibly flavorful , moist and incredibly delicious . the atmosphere at the bar is vibrant and exciting , with live music almost every night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful restaurant , perfect ambience for a lovely night . i got the grass fed filet mignon and a bunch of sides . i enjoyed the sides more than the steak . the mac and chess , green peas , tatar tots , and mash potatoes were delicious . we finished it off with some complimentary desserts . my favorite is the lemon tart .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we used to love this place so much but over the last year the food and service has gone way downhill . we used to love their happy hour menu which is now half the items it used to be at half the quality and quantity . not quite sure if new management has taken over or hat but it has for sure gone downhill .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty legit steakhouse . needs an extended happy hour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there again last night . was disappointed that they removed the kale salad and the crab cakes from the menu . when i asked about it , the waiter said they were really popular items but management decided to remove them . huh ? i think they need new management . i still like the place for it 's atmosphere and decor , the steaks are good too . my only other complaint is the live music from the bar area needs to be turned down . the people sitting next to us complained too but nothing was done . management are you listening to your customers ? ? ? ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this really is a fantastic place to dine & or enjoy a decadent cocktail . the ambience is fantastic and there 's often great live music . the food is done well and kitchen observable which is always a plus for me as far as cleanliness and sanitation is concerned . chocolate expresso martinis are fantastic ! ahi tacos , kale salad , salmon etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great , lobster chowder and an amazing staff . however the highlight of the evening hands down was cali tucker from the voice season 4 who preformed live ! better yet she took time while on break to do photos and speak with our table ! ! ! will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great experience last night with our family ! ( party of 8 ) i started with a kettle one martini with blue cheese stuffed olives- perfect ! we had a little bit of everything . the shrimp cocktail was colossal , while the oysters were tasty they were a bit small . the lobster bisque soup was the best i 've ever had and the french onion soup and heart of palm salad were also both on the must try list . 6 of us had steak of some sort . i had the bone on filet ( amazing ) we had steaks cooked from rare to well and all we perfectly cooked . all in all a great experience . if i had to say something negative the only improvement i would be able to recommend is the bartender uniforms were far to slutty for a classy establishment . will go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love eating at hanks ! it 's a beautiful restaurant , great service and great food . their macaroni and cheese is what dreams are made out of . their steaks are juicy and flavorful . it 's definitely worth the money to eat here if you get the opportunity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one if my favorite places for a good steak in vegas . i always get it oscar style , big lumps of crab on top . have n't had anything i do n't like there . seafood platters and the many sides are delicious . especially nice if you get to sit near the entertainment . our last visit there they had a guy playing guitar . he played a wide range if songs that we all knew . it was just really nice and added to the already cool atmosphere if the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "environment was beautiful ! way more than what was expected . we passed thru this place so many times and only saw the entrance . but the inside was so romantic . our food was outstanding ! and our 3yr old was able to handle the sophistication . lol . mac and cheese , baby ! i ordered the special ... filet mignon w cherry and wine reduction and mashed potatoes w bacon jalape\u00f1o and shrimp . the best ! my husband does n't eat steak and he was fighting with me for more . it was definitely worth it . they split our losber chowder ... a must ! so much lobster . this was the first place that neither one of us could finish our plate ... app , salad , main course . definate romantic environment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice ambiance and friendly staff were not enough to compensate for my over cooked steak . also ordered the `` poblano and parmesan '' creamed corn , would n't recommend it unless you just want corn and bread crumbs . it was flavorless . the best part of our meal were the crab cakes . ruth cris is a safer bet for my money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place ... so yummy rick was a amazing server jose was a amazing chef and kind . management team was great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a beautiful restaurant . the food was excellent . i enjoyed the ahi , regulars often order the seafood . the waitress was very personable . beware of the mile high cake it is also a mile wide and rich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , they must have paid for most of these reviews because this pace stinks on ice ! prime ? i do n't think so . pre packaged from the smell of the blood and metalic taste of my mr ribeye . sides ? i 've seen better sides on cereal boxes . hank greenspun practicaly built henderson , the man is a stallworth and he should have at least a decent steakhouse named after him . steakhouses are all over vegas , one better than the next and with these prices i do n't expect the same cuts i can get at the boiler room in your other casino for 1 2 the price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my new favorite steakhouse in las vegas ... bone in filet and lobster were to die for . james and kenny , our servers , were amazing ! their sommelier joey was kind enough to let us taste different wines and champagne . general manager brooke stopped by our table multiple times to make sure everything was great . wow . ca n't wait to be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love hank 's so so so much . a classic stop for a nice date night with the wife . the beef carpaccio -- when on the menu -- is to die for . great service ; great steaks ; great martinis . and , not to be overlooked , it is not on the strip ! one of my top few locals steakhouses .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i totally agree with the 5 star for ambience . the place is stunning . it is a bit of a challenge to find it , however . arrive in time for happy hour prices and enjoy the best martini ! we found the food average , and just incredibly over priced . $ 10 for a baked potato ? seriously ? the steaks were average , nothing over the top . the pork chop was undercooked and tough . therefore , the food brought the rate down for us . absolutely a 5 star for service . delightful , professional and attentive . a special dessert delivered to the table when they heard we were celebrating a 40 year tradition of joint birthday and anniversary . will we go back ? not worth getting there from vegas for us .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the way to this girls heart is thru a juicy , flavorful steak ... preferably a ribeye ! well that 's just what i got at hanks.. went in with my husband & shared the 28 oz ribeye.. huuuuge i know.. lol ! that 's why we shared it.. and all their sides are served family style.. 2-4 people serving.. we got augratin potatoes & asparagus.. both were phenomenal . i ordered french onion soup for app & thought it was waaaay tooo salty . my husband got a wedge salad.. ca n't go wrong ! opted out for dessert.. we were way too full..lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here for dinner and definitely one of the best restaurants in las vegas . exquisite flavour combinations . appropriate sized portions . melt in the mouth steak . divine souffl\u00e9 . attentive service . recommend ordering meat more well done than you might elsewhere as medium rare here would be rare elsewhere but the meat is such high quality it was delicious albeit visibly red . highly recommended and you do n't feel like you are eating in a casino restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hanks is delicious ! nice variety of options on the steaks and good sides . everything we got was good and expensive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite place . top notch food and the atmosphere is incredible . best live piano guitar music around . the food is very good from the steakhouse chop salad , creamed corn to the flavorful steaks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very beautiful restaurant , food was good . the scallops are always my favorite but the lamb was also delicious . great local steakhouse .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been here before and had a wonderful experience . today we were treated like garbage . it was my wife 's fiftieth birthday and we expected this to be the place to celebrated it . we were treated to being seated a half hour after our reservation time . after that our waiter introduced himself , never to be seen again . he spent all of the time we there with a table of sixteen . we were completely disregarded after that even though we order the most expensive wagyu steaks on the menu . we are about the most easy going customers there are , but were stunned by how poorly we were treated . when we brought our displeasure to the server who was bringing us water , we finally got someone to pay attention to us . needless to say , it was a token effort at best and nothing improved . i do not like to give negative feed back to anyone on any platform , but this is deserved .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have visited the restaurant a few times . the first time i could not stop raving about the food and the impeccable service . i even went so far as to say it was the best restaurant i had been in . unfortunately my next experience was disappointing . we started with the caesar salad which did not taste fresh ... the lettuce somewhat wilted . i was deciding between the filet which is what i usually have ... but went with the scallops . my scallops were overcooked and dried out . they also had a somewhat fishy taste which did not help . i am still upset over the fact that i should have returned the dish . sadly we will not be returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hanks is one of my favorites . the food is excellent and the service is amazing . they really take care of you . ask for rick to serve you . he is the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! went for happy hour with a girlfriend and enjoyed the ambiance , live music , pear martin , pretzel bread , lobster roll , beef sliders and oysters rockefeller !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely disappointing in every way ! it was a very busy tuesday night . our $ 150 bottle of wine was difficult to find by the sommelier . waited 15 minutes for the salad to arrive . the couple at the table next to us ( that had arrived after we sat down ) were served a lot more quickly . after an additional 40 minute wait for the entr\u00e9e ( a ribeye that was n't cooked to a medium rare ) . we will never return and i will make sure that i tell everyone about my horrible experience ! there are too many wonderful steak houses in las vegas to ever go back to hank 's ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i come here all the time for the great happy hour . 1 2 price martini 's from 5-7pm . if you come enough the drinks become stronger each time until finally 1-2 and you are set . there is live music in the bar i think it 's tuesday-saturday ( ? ) the crowd is a mix of locals and tourists however beats the hell out of drop across the room . the restaurant is amazing , one of my favorite steakhouses in las vegas . a superb place to take someone special , worth the wallet emptying check , and you wo n't leave hungry . bravo !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "please do n't go here unless you love good food- hot women and some incredible piano playing . if you do n't like this type of thing then go to the food court at the gvr ! awesome time , well worth the $ $ $ $ $ !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy smokes ! this steakhouse deserves all four diamonds and more . the food , drinks and service are far beyond anything else i have experienced . the steaks should never be ordered beyond medium rare or you will ruin them . the gazpacho with crab meat was great with a nice kick to it . i had a swordfish steak that was more fantastic than any piece of fish i 've ever had . the chocolate croissant bread pudding blew my mind , seriously , drop dead delicious . i wish i could have a whole dinner of it ! hank 's is number 1 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great for people wanting a good meal that is comparable to what you can get on the strip without going to the strip . we ordered oysters rockefeller and french onion soup , i had the filet as well as creamed spinach . all was good and what you would expect it to be for a good steakhouse . the decor in hanks is beautiful and very elegant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dinner is phenomenal ! ! ! i ca n't afford to eat here a lot but when i do it has become our favorite 3 or 4 times a year . but ... happy hour has become a favorite for my wife and i .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply great steaks . the asparagus is outstanding and i am not a big fan of asparagus . we go for a celebration dinner , maybe 2x per year . always a good time", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i enjoyed our anniversary dinner at hanks and will be sure to come back again ! we started with the tomato mozzarella appetizer and cold crab . both were awesome and the mustard with the crab was wonderful . i enjoyed the scallops which were cooked perfectly as well as the cauliflower which had a nice flavor because of the horseradish cream , the sweet potato fries which were amazing , and the charred corn which i thought was just ok but my husband loved it . for desert was the crem br\u00fbl\u00e9e . amazing of course ! i tried the cantaloupe martini but it was too sweet for me . highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been wanting to try their happy hour for months now . happy hour is only available at the bar or in the lounge area . they had every table but two in the lounge and half of the entire bar reserved for a birthday party . we waited 45 minutes for a spot to open up and then gave up and went to another restaurant in the hotel to eat . who allows bar stools to be reserved ? seriously ? ! you do n't have a private room they could have rented out ? will never even attempt to return to this restaurant again . looked like it only catered to people over 60 anyhow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of my regular spots . my most recent visit really confirmed how amazing service can be . my husband and i had n't been to hanks in a few months but we went for a drink at the bar . bart , the bartender recognized us and asks : oban neat and cosmopolitan ? where everybody knows your name ... . seamless . and it 's consistent every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hanks did not disappoint one bit ! i had a party of 4 and everyone loved the start to finish . martini 's , our crab cake appetizers , caesars salad , amazing seafood tower entrees were their delicious steaks and dover sole so tasty and nice size portions . we also had very good sides . we will be back ! ! servers were awesome and the decor is so nice in there ! great place for henderson . the musician that played in the bar he sounded excellent ! ! ! love it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate here for about the fifth time . always excellent food and service . my steak has always been cooked perfectly . appetizers , sides and deserts are excellent . hank 's versus the chains like ruth chris is a night and day difference . my favorite special occasion place . be sure and order the lobster mac and cheese as a side .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought my friend from austin to hanks for the happy hour on monday . meagan and renee were the bartenders and really helped her choose the perfect martini . they were helpful through out our experience and we loved watching them shake martinis all night , however their attire could be better . the shirts were just blah , could be more fancy in our opinion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok.. great steaks . great service ! great place . thanks michael for the service . as i was sitting there enjoying my meal , a rotund hairy man with a t shirt , shorts , and flip flops is seated . really ? cant take the time to put on shoes ? this place is too nice for that . hanks . i realize times are tough , but no reason to let the riff raff in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here to have dinner with some other friends that happened to be in lv and am glad we came here . it was probably the best meal we had in our 4 day nye stay . the meals are pricey but you get what you pay for . average food price was close to $ 100 per head without alcohol but we did let it flo so it was closer to $ 175 a head . would i come back ? yes i think i would . the rib eye and scallops i had were some of the best quality i 've had in awhile . worth the drive off the strip to green valley ranch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first off , green valley ranch resort is a hidden gem in the suburbs of vegas . i am told its part of the 'station ' family . dinner . we had an awesome wine recommendation , so perhaps the vino impacted my rating ! they brought out a seafood platter that could have fed an army : oysters , lobster tail , shrimp ... unbelievable . most of the table ordered steaks , and raved . i was just not in the mood , so i ordered french onion soup and buttermilk fried chicken breast . i never order fried chicken ... but the server was correct that it was a hidden jewel on the menu . moist , and southern comfort food at its best . expect a large bill , but its vegas , which means no more inexpensive meals . one more point -- there is a 15 foot wide glass double-sided fireplace in the middle of hanks . too cool .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hanks is a classy joint . the employees are fun & friendly . the food & drinks are excellent . peter love & late night jams are becoming a habit for us on friday nights . glad to have good music & atmosphere nearby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not as good as the price , although the bone-in filet was great . had the oysters and for $ 18 got 6 tiny thin oysters ... one had no meat , just skin . meh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , great ambiance , and variety of martini 's and snacks . classy so dress nice . happy hour was better than it is now as they offered more but martini deals still exist . this review for the bar area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "top notch quality all the way . great decor and service as well . as usual , i opted for the ribeye . came to me nicely charred and cooked a perfect medium rare as requested . ordered a side of gorgonzola mashed potatoes . nice and buttery with the right consistency ( mashed but with some texture ) . did n't have room for dessert . sorry for the sparse review but that 's all i really have to say about it . it 's good . only quibble might be they could put a more complex seasoning on the steak . steaks can get boring to eat after a while though i did love this one the whole way through .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! anniversary dinner with my husband . they treat you like royalty and the food is amazing ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they make the best martinis i have experienced . the beautiful female staff are super friendly and work very hard to get you taken care of . i do n't think i need to mention the food since i have not a bad dish to date . i am a regular at happy hour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an amazing experience . great food , inviting ambiance , and amazing service . we had a large party and the staff never missed a beat . if you like carrot cake , they have the best ever ! it is big , so bring friends and be prepared to share it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for being inside a casino off the strip this place is wonderful ! staff is incredibly kind and accommodating , but more over the ambiance is beautiful . they offer a wonderful selection of fresh breads , all were wonderful . we tried the house chopped salad which was good but slightly over dressed . i had the tuna poki tacos which were light and delicious . we also tried their jumbo lump crab cocktail . the quality of the crab was impressive . the piano player and the people that positioned themselves by him were somewhat annoying . they kept interrupting their set and letting other people hop onto the piano to play what ever diddy they felt like and talked loudly about working on projects together in the future . i dunno , call me a princess but in a gorgeous setting like that i love the idea of just a lovely soft touch of live music to amplify the space . all in all i thoroughly enjoyed and will be back soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the filet was perfect . the wine , service and ambiance was perfect ! ! we will definitely return on our annual visit to vegas ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hank 's is one of the more enjoyable food establishments i 've been to . when i arrived , i was greeted promptly , and took a seat at the bar . my bartender came over quickly , and helped us out . their happy hour was recommended to us , so we tried the artichoke , the fish tacos , and the slider burgers . the artichoke was delicious , the fish tacos were truly remarkable , and the sliders were just right . the drinks had just enough kick to let you know that there was alcohol in there , but not enough to overpower the entire drink . the bartender checked in on us multiple times , and the manager on duty ( his name is jon i believe ) even put a particular soccer match we wanted to watch on for us , as we were traveling at the time ! ! i had a great experience overall , and could n't have been more delighted with the food quality , the service , and the friendliness of the staff . i would definitely go there again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a very solid meal here . good steak , and attentive servie . helpful server and sommelier . bring your big limit credit cards , and have a great time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we arrived at 7 pm to a busy and crowded restaurant . the decor is beautiful and elegant . our party of 4 were seated in a very comfortable booth . our server greeted us and we placed our beverage ordered as he provided our menus . two in our party ordered the wedge salad . a generous portion with a flavorful creamy blue cheese dressing . another choice was the onion soup . nicely seasoned with a slight hint of sherry and a sharp cheese garnish . my shrimp cocktail comprised of four large gulf shrimp and a tangy cocktail sauce . one entree consisted of a filet mignon . it was well prepared and nicely seasoned . the other three in our party ordered the bone-in new york strip . it was tender , seasoned perfectly and came to us at the perfect medium rare temperature . the side dishes of mushrooms and escalloped potatoes were generous and tasty . the desserts we selected were the deep fried oreos - delicious - and a carmel toffee cake - outstanding ! gracious attentive service was provided by the entire staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall , very nice atmosphere , excellent service and hosts . plate presentations were disappointing . meat on plate looked plain and in the case of the filet , very small . overall the food was very good but not out of this world as one might expect from the prices and expectations . service was the best we 've had in vegas in 2 years here . the value was good ... maybe a veggie or potato added to the plate or a small side would boost the presentation . managers engaged as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just love this restaurant from the seafood to the steaks everything is delicious and fresh . i have never seen such a big sweet potatoe , it 's enough for 4 people . it 's served with brown sugar , cinnamon , and butter on the side ... ... awesome . all their sides are good . they serve very generous portions , so if you like to share it 's a good idea . the wait staff is very knowledgeable and on top of their game . excellent service , bar none .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not good at all very over priced i you are should just to to whole foods and cook your own .. it 's way better and organic and grass fed", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great experience . our waiter was awesome . he was knowledgable and attentive . environment was fun but still elegant . and for me , a full vegan 3 course meal . while my girl had the wagyu . i highly recommend hanks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . great vibe . sit at the piano and enjoy a great martini and steak . one of the best in vegas henderson .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love hanks ! always a great meal , great service , and the martini 's for happy hour are a great deal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bar is too crowded . too many `` saved '' seats while others stand . not very accommodating . good martini 's . could be friendlier . the servers are rude . could not be more disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the best steak house that i have eaten in in vegas and maybe anywhere in the world . the 11oz filet mignonette was awesome as was the shiraz . the service was flawless and was every bit as good as the food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still my favorite steakhouse in vegas and one of my favorite restaurants anywhere ... the gorgonzola mashed potatoes have now made it onto the `` must try '' sides list", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worse service i have ever received in a restaurant . food was just ok .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have completely changed the menu - downgraded quality - service remains excellent - return to original menu - bad corporate decision .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we were excited to eat at hank 's fine steaks & martinis hoping for a good steak dinner . the interior of the restaurant is sleek and sexy ; we went on a weeknight and since the dinning area was not busy , we were seated right way and given menus and water . but that 's when our experience ended . after sitting for 25 minutes without acknowledgement that someone would come by for our order , we gave up and left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "second time at hanks . both times the steaks were not cooked to the requested temperature . the first time i asked for my steak to be reheated because it was at room temperature . service was excellent and quick . the second time here was for a presentation party , i asked for medium and received the filet at room temp and completely raw . service was mediocre , slow or mostly absent ; i would have like to have my filet cooked to the right temperature but could n't find any servers after our dishes were served . what happened to promptly checking on your guests after the food is served ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this venue is amazing . i came here to see cali tucker and i could hear her voice so clearly . i had a glass of wine recommended by the waitress and it was also very tasteful . i definitely recommend this venue if you want great live music and very tasteful food . hanks fine steaks is definitely a place i will 'be revisiting and recommending to friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend brought me to hanks for a lovely birthday dinner and we loved it . they have our very favorite wine , justin 's cabernet sauvignon ! we shared their steak which was huge and delicious . server was very attentive but then again , it 's an expensive place so i expect the service to be up to par .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "elliquette restaurant , attentive wait staff . mash potatoes were probably the best i 've ever had - coming from a girl that loves her taters . my filet mignon was okay , not the best , sent it back after our server requested and noticed i was n't eating it . was disappointed a little , plus it was $ 400 for a table of 4 and two people even split their steak and we only had two glasses of wine . oh well lesson : again :", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you have to try the chopped steak salad . is truly to die for . nothing like it anywhere else on the planet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely loved the canteloupe martini ! so fresh and yummy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to hank 's on a sunday evening . this is the second time in a row the food and service was down right mediocre . martinis good , steaks very average.we got one basket of bread for four and requested more at least 6 times and received none even after being told it would be right out . asked for waters at least 6 times and did not get one glass . the waitress had no help bussing or serving water if asked . there we sat with no bread for quite awhile . then some people from the kitchen brought our salads . about two minutes later the dinners showed up . the fries were extra soggy . we will not be back to this way over priced restaurant . you are much better off going to another station casino restaurant like sonoma at sunset station or the broiler at boulder station for atmosphere and value .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hank 's sits on a thrown right next to all of your classic high end steak houses . what they have done well is added a slap of modernity and class to the whole experience . to me , this is one of the most awesome looking dining rooms and bars in vegas . the lighting , the natural stone , the fireplace , amazing . it is only suiting that the food follow suit . expect to shell out a pretty penny for your meal . i had the crab cakes and steak house salad ( which has no steak , hmm ) ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a great special night out hanks is your place . food is outstanding and employees provide world class service . only negative is if there is music in the front bar area , the sound travels into the dining room and is a distraction . prices are high but i do not mind since the experience is worth the price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice place for dinner with prices comparable to morton 's or hy 's . the buttermilk chicken was great ! the ribeye was okay . the creamed corn mashed potatoes were the bomb ! and finally , the service , top notch ! excellent service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had such high hopes for this restaurant.. it was extremely disappointing . i ordered the grass fed filet and going to order crab legs ! unfortunately they said that they had no more grab legs . what . i was looking forward for my grab legs . next , i always had to ask for my refill not once did i have a refill of water that i did n't have to ask for it . the scallops tasted frozen and they just popes then in he microwave . clearly not fresh.. my partner and i 's whole meal costed around $ 500 which would n't be that bad if their food was exceptional but it was n't . do n't bother coming here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the kentucky bone in steak is the best . ive tried all the steaks you have to try it . the drinks are kind of expensive . the tuna is just alright but there breads are great . give them a shot great steak .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disappointed ! ! ! ! ! they gave us the wrong meal the meal that belong to the could next to us . then we asked should we be eating this it 's not our order .we were told yes just eat it wrong side dishes wrong steak ! we asked for the manage who should of automatically fix it but instead kept asking `` what do you want me to do to fix it ? when you pay 60.00 for a piece of meat you shouldn't\u200b be asking me how to fix it . i had to ask him not to charge for th couple next to us steak . they never brought us our steak ... little do they know i write a good critic colum .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is seriously a cut above anything i 've ever been too in my life and i 'm even talking better than any place i 've been to in paris or rome . the food is to die for ! the service is something that is out of this world ! i 'll be going back when my anniversary comes up in january : ) looking forward to it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is top notch ! the food and service are impeccable . they have a happy hour that is from 4-6pm at the bar which has a vibrant feel . then when you are ready to be pampered , the main dining room is exquisite and elegant . be prepared to dress accordingly because when you are surrounded by crystal chandeliers , you do n't want to look out of place in this restaurant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the bone in strip . they state it 's dry aged ... and prime . it was not prime purely due to the lack of fat marble and i do n't thing it was dry aged either . regardless it was tough and not seasoned well . corked correctly but not worth 50 $ . not even close .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food and friendly staff however they were clearly under staffed and the timeliness and service suffered greatly . at one point 2 of our party guests made the comment that `` they must have forgotten about us . '' our waiters hastily took our order and seldom asked us for additional drink orders . when they did the drinks took forever as did our food . food was excellent . would have given it a 5 if it was n't for the lack and timeliness of service which is to be expected at this price point .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wrote a review of the hotel including hank 's already , but , we had an extremely great experience here . we were treated very special and we are just two normal people . the food was great and the drinks in the bar are fantastic ( try the ginger and pear martinis . ) i would recommend this to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4 5 because food was good , but a little expensive . but typical for vegas . we have eaten here about 4 times . i love when they have a live singer or guitar player at the bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "giving the place three stars only for the service and the chop salad . went in for our anniversary and had the wagyu steak and lobster tail . 10 oz steak and 28oz tail , salad , two sides and desert . steak really did n't have much flavor , lobster tail was under cooked as were the green beans , asparagus was just ok. after bringing the undercooked food to their attention everyone stepped up to the plate and made it right . was obvious they felt bad about the problem as it was our anniversary dinner , everyone came to the table to apologize and comp 'd most of the meal . so for that i commend them . the wait staff was great very attentive and professional . we will give the place another try , as we all have off days , and the place is nice for an upscale evening .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice place inside gvr ... great to slide up to the bar , order up a crown on the rocks and just chill with some friends . girls like the martinis here 'cuz there 's so many different flavors . decor is great , service spot on , and the steaks are primo . i did n't care too much for their version of tater tots ( i was expecting the ore ida kind but dressed up a bit ) but all the other sides were really good . steaks here are a close second to mastro 's in bh but the atmosphere and ambiance here blows that place away .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great ambiance . delicious steak and vegs . will go again ... real soon . wonderful for locals and or visitors especially after day at pool . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ... . hanks is where we choose for a special dinner . unbeatable service atmosphere food and drinks . top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "torn between 4 and 5 . service is def ' a 5 . having duckhorn wine is a 5 . now the steak is a 4 . the martini was a solid 5 . as for the side dish , creamed corn and brussel sprouts were my fav and a 5 . mac and cheese and steakhouse salad were 4 . overall , a quality steakhouse . i used to frequent gvr but never came here till recently for a birthday dinner . i was pleasantly surprised . nice decor inside ... food was great but it was n't the best i 've ever had . maybe i am a bit spoiled when it comes to fine dining . would i go back ? yes . do i recommend ? yes . enjoy~ all you carnivores !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place is high end , food is great but reason for my review is the best martini i have ever had . the bartender name bartec is a true professional and he made my bday memeorable . will be back next bday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in around 5 and sat at the bar , service was good . unfortunately , the food was disappointing for the price , i had the sliders and the ahi tacos . the meat in the sliders was dry and bland , apparently there was supposed to be horseradish , but i could barely taste any which would have made the flavor profile much better . the ahi tacos had an overbearing amount of guacamole , honestly taste like i was eating expensive chips with guacamole .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok , i know this is a steakhouse and i did order a steak . however , this review is for their fried chicken . holy chicken ! ( ca n't use cow for this ) this has to be the best fried chicken ever ! it is thick , juicy and just oh my ! this is definitely a black label chicken because it was so big . you get half a chicken and other sides i just ca n't remember because all i can think about is how i can get more . its $ 31 , but after eating it you will know its worth it ! my grass-fed filet was great and i enjoyed it but i wish i would have ordered the fried chicken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food , amazing service , and beautiful atmosphere . enjoyed a steak that was cooked perfectly , the augratin potatoes were so yummy , the house salad was fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i had dinner at this restaurant recently . to say it was disappointing would be an understatement . we started off with the california salad ( i believe that was the name ) which had no taste . maybe they forgot the dressing . i had the petite filet and my husband had a filet . we ordered it to be done medium . the entire steak was burnt on the outside and pretty dry on the inside . for a side we had a baked yam . that was literally what was served . a huge plain baked yam on a plate for us to split ourselves . there were some items that we could add to it on the side of the plate . on a positive note they did have my favorite wine and my husband 's favorite craft beer . the staff was friendly and polite . with saying that , i think our waitress as fairly new . it is unfortunate that we had such a poor experience . if it was better , and if we felt it was worth the money , we would have returned again this week .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a real gem . as good as the food was - my wife and i both had perfectly prepared filet mignons - we thought the service was even better . there 's a fine line between the wait staff being attentive and hovering too much , but these folks had it down just right . the ambience was classy and tasteful , even more impressive than what was displayed on its website . the food was a bit overpriced , i thought , but not obscenely high . when the service and atmosphere were factored in , it made for a fair value . bottom line : we definitely plan to return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "creamed corn is delicious . i do n't even like creamed corn but it was really good . i mean , i ate all of the creamed corn . you should get the gorgonzola crust on your steak as well . really tasty calories are always good at a dinner like this . they do n't get everything right here . steak is n't as great as some other joints i 've been in for the price . but there is , the creamed corn .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! the food is great . everything i have had here is delicious ! i highly recommend the fried oreos for dessert . its a beautiful restaurant with a friendly and helpful staff . definitely my favorite steak house in henderson .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum , yum , yum . i liked the decor . the music was relaxing as well . the service i felt was a bit too suggestive . if i want a recommendation , i will ask for one , but that 's just me . our server was very nice though & we did n't want for anything . the food was great . simple & delicious . the rib eye had the best crust on it from their super hot salamander . the sides were tasty too , but not served warm enough . martinis & wine delish . we shared everything & our bill only came to $ 200 including tip for two . that included an app of oysters on the 1 2 , 2 sides ( creamed corn & truffle tater tots ) , a 28 oz . rib eye and 2 glasses of wine & a martini . not bad . even better , it 's close to home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanksgiving evening , and we did n't have reservations , but they got us seated in 3 minutes . extremely impressive ! ! the atmosphere is just lovely , with lots of crystal chandeliers and beautiful decor . we had the special holiday meal , and it was fantastic . i highly recommend the steak house salad with the white french dressing . the staff was very pleasant and attentive . this is n't a place for unruly children . an average cost will be around $ 150 - $ 200 per couple .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a fantastic find ! ! service , in restaurant was fabulous , attentive and friendly . we shared the halibut and got the hearts of palm salad and chopped salad..wow ! ! i would give this place a 5 star but service at the the bar was not friendly . it 's ok to smile girls , not everyone is looking at your corset that is too tight . smile , it pairs nicely with the $ 20 glass of wine i just ordered !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best happy hour ! delicious martini 's ! best ribeye i have ever had . defiantly a local fav ! must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick , cheap and tasty - these are the three things i love the best about tacos la mexicana . the 5.99 lunch special includes 4 tacos , rice , beans and a drink . i will say , though , that all of the tacos are not created equal , and i seem to forget that every time . so , reminder to self : your fave taco is the carnitas ! just get 4 of those next time . besides those three things , i also appreciate that the tacos taste fresh , are not greasy and have never left me with an uneasy feeling , as some tacos do . the tacos are n't huge , and the tortillas are not homemade , but i think both of these factors are overcome with a helping of the fresh salsas . i do miss the little salsa bar they have at the original location , but maybe they will bring that to this location soon . also , bonus drive thru . if you do n't want to get out of your car , you do n't have to !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "authentic mexican food . get it made your way . hard tacos & calient\u00ea picante salsa . smells sooo good and is located next to a taco bell lpl . very nice service . made to order . only $ 1.99 for hard tacos beef or chicken , and real shredded cheese . they werent tight on the salsa either . i had it to go they incl . limes napkins without me asking . sooo yummy . ill def . be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "popped in for a couple breakfast burritos with the wifey this morning . good sized burritos with plenty of eggs , taters & bacon inside . the tortillas were cooked perfectly , where they 're slightly golden brown & crispy . my only complaint was the burritos seemed a little dry ... a lil ' sour cream on the inside would compliment them nicely .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "opening day free food ! thank you . cheese quesadilla was excellent . daughter enjoyed the french fries . tried the red salsa and the brown salsa . the brown was pretty good and the red was excellent . chips were okay , but i tend to like a thinner chip . restaurant was bright and clean , service was fast and cheerful and the overall quality of food was great . i will go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't usually review joints like these , but i had to . you would think that when you walk into this place it would be similar to roberto 's or other small mexican joints , but it 's different in it 's own ways . i usually go with the rolled tacos or the hard tacos . one thing i noticed is that the shredded chicken has more flavor to it compared to other places . also , it 's never dry and never drenched in oil . their sauces are all very flavorful . there is a hot side and mild side on the sauce cart . i always go with the hot green sauce . it 's my favorite . i can also appreciate that this place has a drive thru because i definitely have my days where i 'm lazy , hungry and do n't want to get out of my car . it 's located right next to cj 's frozen custard which is also awesome lol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drive thru is very narrow and i drive a small car , can not imagine what it would be like in a truck or suv . i ordered a carne asada burrito which was good and nice sized . line was long for only one car in front of me but the food was very fresh and worth the wait . reasonably priced . authentic . i would come back , the woman was nice and helpful and patience as my friend and i had two seperate orders in the same car .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was my first time here . it is small inside . i ordered for take out . the prices are fair . i ordered the chile rellano plate , 3 tamales , an order of chips and beans . the chile rellano was delicious . huge portion , could only eat half . my husband enjoyed the pork tamales . my favorite was the chips . honestly the best chips i have had in las vegas . they were hot , crispy and perfectly seasoned . the service was great . i will come back to try more of the good food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious ! the girl who took my order was n't very pleasant . this is the only reason i did n't give 5 stars . she had an attitude . would n't look at me when she handed me my change and was just overall rude . the cooks were on point tho . i will go here again but not this location which sucks bc it 's 2 minutes from my house ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow . how lucky it is that i 've found this place . i hate to cook so i always eat out , and by always , i mean two meals a day . i 've been going around different restaurants for months that fit my budget and i would pay around $ 10 ~ $ 15 for a decent meal at a decent restaurant . then i came here . i ordered a lunch special for $ 6.43 . i expected a paltry amount but no , i was quite full and the food was delicious ! and the food was n't watered-down americanized food ; it was genuine mexican food . since then , i 've been coming here everyday ( literally ) . i do n't know how they are able run their business , serving such high quality food while charging so little . i almost fear that they might go out of business . i feel obligated to leave this five-star review because i want them to have a lot of customers . i absolutely love the place . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything about them is excellent , friendly service , good lunch specials , beans & chips , way better compared to all these other little restaurants . also have a really good salsa bar too and drive thru open till 1am ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got tacos de pastores , california burrito and burritos ! it 's delicious and the meats r tender . the place is clean and the workers are friendly . i would def come back here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you ever wanted to know what a $ 4 bean & cheese burrito looked like ... it 's super small and extremely overpriced . yelp listed it at $ 2.99 , sadly i was wrong . very disappointed . i could 've went to taco bell and been just as satisfied .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not very good anymore just flavorless and kinda gross i do n't know what happened the torta was really bland and dry my rolled tacos were just not good : - ( i use to really like this place", "score": "2"}
{"review": "overly priced ! roach coach food at restaurant prices ! chorizo burrito and a cheese quesadilla ... $ 11 faustos or don tor taco are better and cheaper ! use to be good but something changed..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "got their chicken tacos combo . amazing and the price is great ! their chicken is cooked too perfection . found my new go to taco spot ! thanks : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this one is from a 100 % mexican . so i seen this place , and i thought i would give it a try . my honey order the carne asada tacos , and i order the carne asada burrito , the carne was dry , like it was cooked and set apart , they do n't cook it right when you ordered , is cook before . i had the `` hot '' salsa , it was just water , the burrito was flavorless . just stick to what you know . i wish i had gone to taco bell . believe me , i 'm not going back to this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pros : drive thru , inexpensive , quick , food is good for what you pay for , coke products , and friendly people . i really wanted elotes . this was close to my house and was thrilled when i saw a drive thru and did n't have to haul my baby in with me . the corn was $ 3 , not the best i ever had , but really good ! i recommend it . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visiting from los angeles . great tasting tacos ! great service . i 'll be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a street taco fix so we drove cross town to and decided to share a 4-taco platter that included beans and spanish rice . my wife chose 2 with al pastor while i settled on a pastor and a chorizo . all were authentic ( that 's good ) , but the chorizo made my taste buds do the shimmy , shimmy shake .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not call in your order ! they 'll add in things you did n't order and charge you ! when i called back to question them , they did n't even offer a refund ! i 'm soooooooo tired of businesses that do n't care about customer service ... and this is defintely one of them ! stay away ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best mexican food in vegas ! always freshly prepared ! they never disappoint ! carne asada fries are the best along with everything else on the menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm very picky when it comes to eating at mexican restaurants being that i myself am mexican , but this place is an exception . they have really good tacos . i always get cabeza and pastor tacos . i love them and they have really good salsas too . carne asada fries ( sometimes i switch to pastor ) and asada nachos are really good as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coming from calfornia this is the best mexican food restaurant that we found out here in las vegas so far ! the food was fast , home made and tasted great ! we will definitely be coming back to eat here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the carne tacos . it was pretty good . their beef had some seasoning to it so it was n't bland . the service was nice and there 's a self serve salsa table , which i love .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good place for mexican food . and it 's very affordable . roberto 's is shit next to this place . their salsas are actually salsa , not water down crap lol try it and enjoy the food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always loved coming to this place because it tastes more authentic than a lot of other mexican joints . the hours it 's open also helps for someone who works random times ! prices are great for the amount of food you get . ca n't really miss out with this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm picky about fast food mexican place . i tried this place for a second time today and just like my first time it did not disappoint me ! this is all homemade type dishes . the service is amaaaazing and they just gained a frequent customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've finally found a legit mexican restaurant in vegas plus it 's fast food & has a drive-thru window ! food is delish ! i always order the carne asada taco combo lunch special , even during nonlunch hours . they make the exception & always provide speedy service . great prices & food ! wayyyyy better than roberto 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what this place needs are better employees . the food here is ... okay . it 's not great . the chips are n't that good but the quesadilla was alright . the problem here is they screwed up my order and gave me incorrect menu items . also , they gave me much to much guacamole for the amount of chips and charged me $ 2 for it rather than 50\u00a2 like the menu stated . the girl behind the counter did n't care when i brought it to her attention . i will not be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the wait is long , but the food is good . this place has become an alternative to robertos for me . food is fresher and very warm and friendly service . i always order the chorizo sopes . very good for drive thru mexican and not too greasy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the parrillada are the best in town ! it includes chicken , carne asada and shrimp . the portion of food serves 2 to 3 people . make sure that you ordered it with time , because it takes around 15 minutes to be ready .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff and great food ! love this place . check out the new lunch specials . i got a carne quesadilla , rice , beans and a drink for $ 6.50 . great deal ! the california burrito is also delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome i only do the lunch special always , cause the deal is great , one time the rice was kind of nasty tasting , but i gave it another try . and ever since then i am in love . i still want to try other things but i love tacos , ( no cilantro ) i grew up in mexico and these are great tacos", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down , some of the most legit `` quick '' mexican food around ! we frequent this place , & have tried just about everything ... nothing has disappointed ! the tamales are absolutely amazing , clearly handmade & authentic ! burritos are delicious & huge ! rolled tacos are a regular order ! and finish it all off with ice cold horchata ! definitely never disappointed here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and fast you get that these days . the drive thru is quick and they have a nice light menu so you wo n't be struggling on reading the menu . the employees are very nice and they know menu really good . i will be back when ever i want authentic mexican food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! great food and great employees , they always have a smile on there face and i 've never had any problems with there food ! ! i highly recommend the el pastore tacos", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i read a lot of positive reviews about this place and had to try it out for myself . i came and got a lunch special and i have been going back ever since . i 'm tired of the roberto commercials talking about real authentic mexican food , roberto 's has nothing on tacos la mexicana .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best carnitas torta i 've ever had in my life ! it was a game changer . fo real . the elote was so fresh , too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so there food is really good ... . i wish i can go back and order from them but i ca n't since i ca n't stop thinking about the hair i 've seen in my food twice . if you do n't mind hair in your food than go for it ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good and bad things have happened at this school and that is to be expected . communication is n't great at this school from the administration , but teacher communication is amazing . that might vary by teacher . kids do stupid things and mistakes happen . in some ways i am glad that the school does n't over react , but in other ways i wish they would react more and communicate more . i really do think this school does better than most of the other schools . the pros out weight the cons and my perfect school would change with my attitude which should n't happen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mrs montgomery a 4th grade teacher 's approach to bullying is `` i do n't deal with drama '' - very disappointed that the school does n't have a stronger approach in taking a stance against bullies and inappropriate behavior in the classrooms . as long as the children 's parents have a celebrity status and fund the schools pockets , they can get away with anything . this is not ok ! ! children should feel safe at school and know that the teachers are there to protect them and stand up for them . this is not happening from the teachers or the principle . for a school with such a high reputation , you would think they would be much more involved in the way the students that attend there are being treated .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best elementary school there is ! so many nice teachers and so many nice friends . the teachers out understanding , and the principal is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drove down there to check out their prices to save some money . employee greeted us with tissue paper in his nostrils . he said he has allergies . prices are double of what leslies charge . i 'm not a fan of leslies but i 'm sure not going to pay double for pool chemicals ! big disappointment : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has a great selection of pool toys along with their pool care products . the first time i went i was greeted at the door by the owner , he was very friendly and had a great sense of humor which totally made my day . anyway , he helped me find a thermometer and i told him i was looking for some fun pool toys too . since i did n't see exactly what i was looking for he took my number and text me a few days later after receiving new stock . when i came back i was impressed with the variety of toys to choose from and found the squirt guns i was originally looking for . their prices are very reasonable . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "store is open for the summer monday 9-6 tuesday 9-6 wednesday 9-6 thursday 9-6 friday 9-6 saturday 9-5 sunday- closed shop local for all your pool needs", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally ! ! went looking for a seal and was glad to find that this place has everything ! ! and i do n't have to go over the hill !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent staff . easy access location . prices better than leslie 's . wo n't go anywhere else again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local bc pool store ! friendly staff , great selection of essentials and toys as well ! save a trip into `` town '' and shop local !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to this store a couple of times . both time i was greeted in a friendly manner . don rodriguez and his staff are knowledgeable and willing to help you find exactly what you need . if you need pool supplies , this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a sister restaurant to harris grill shadyside and shiloh grill on mt . washington , this is a very welcome addition to the downtown dining scene , as it has a great casual vibe that included a rooftop patio and really good unpretentious food at reasonable prices . the menu is extensive and includes a comic sense of humor throughout . in addition to appetizers , salads , entrees , burgers and sandwiches , there 's several mac'n cheese dishes and a `` build your own bowl '' ( of food ) that can be a fun experience . there 's even `` church basement pierogies '' on it ! service and decor is appropriately casual . the rooftop patio is n't gigantic and the view is cool , but not stunning , but nonetheless , it 's awesome to have a rooftop patio at a casual restaurant in downtown as opposed to the urban rooftops with cocktails starting at $ 10 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! great rooftop area - downtown needed this near market square . the menu is uber creative and the cocktails are to die for ! the perfect introduction of the harris grill restaurant family to the downtown area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful renovation on the former tavern 245 . great comfort food with a menu similar to their sister restaurants . menu descriptions are entertaining which is fun . drinks are amazing , frozen cosmos is great on a summer day on their roof deck ! staff is attentive and welcoming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found harris grill on yelp and even though it only had 5 reviews i decided to check it out . the wait staff was polite , prompt and accommodating . i sat on the roof top for lunch and enjoyed that as well . there were so many interesting choices but i was most excited about the mac n cheese . i enjoyed every bite and looked forward to going to pittsburgh again and try something else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to their sister location , shiloh grill , a few times but this was my first time checking out harris grill . i was really excited that a location opened up closer to where i live but also within walking distance of work . both times i 've ordered the same thing because i 'm hooked and i do n't want to mess with a good thing . what are the 2 things i 'm hooked on you ask ? frozen cosmos and the trailer park totchos . i just had them yesterday and i 'm already ready to go back and order some more . their frozen cosmos are just $ 3.50 on thursday 's during happy hour 4:30-6:30 ! it 's safe to say this might be my new happy hour spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great new location of harris grill . this is going to be a great spot for the summer . nice atmosphere , excellent drinks and perfect rooftop deck", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the harris grill has good food and a neat bar atmosphere . the service is wonderful , ask for brittany .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic ! staff super friendly , and the food was absolutely incredible . had fish and jerk tacos , and the kids meals were healthy yet appealing . great atmosphere , ca n't say enough good things ! definitely recommended to family in the area to go back . thank you for the great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have known the ceo for years . she and everyone else are extremely knowledgeable and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son has speech at a brighteravenue . friendly staff , clean environment and most important honest people , good vibe when i walk in . i know my son is in good hands with ms. k. thank you team a.b.a .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing company ! they worked with my son when he was first diagnosed with asd , coordinating with his daycare to provide therapies . we recently moved back to the area , reenrolled with them , and aba has been able to accommodate all 3 of his therapies , speech music and ot , with quality therapists .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son began going to a brighter avenue for speech services a couple of months ago after having regular weekly meetings with the counselor at school for the past 7 months and seeing no improvement . the staff was very friendly and tried very hard to work with my insurance company on possibly covering the charges . chase , the therapist , provided me a very thorough initial analysis and his recommended treatment . each week , after each appointment , he provides me a recap of what was worked on and accomplished and i 've noticed all the other therapists here do the same with the other parents . the front desk staff is friendly and accommodating as well . in just over two months , i 've noticed significant improvement in my sons stuttering and am excited to see continued results . great place with great staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved to arizona and began working for a brighter avenue this summer . i started supervising a speech-language pathology assistant and highly enjoy it . the staff and kids are inviting and friendly . it 's a fabulous clinic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "glad they are here ! love the butter burgers and the custard is great ! understand they plan on 3 more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "waited for this culvers to open , was not disappointed ! culvers has set a new gold standard for fast food dining ! cheese curds were unbelievable ! ! ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! everything you can ask for from a fast food restaurant ! great food , customer service , atmosphere , and custard . hands down our favorite fast food joint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is good quality , but a bit pricey for the experience and portion size . the staff is over-the-top friendly , which is usually nice to see . we 'll see how they do after it 's been open several months . i really love the cheese curds !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the burgers were alright , but not worth the price to me , and one of the managers was really rude to my mom when we went . probably wont be going back any time soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very fast service . ordered at the counter , got my drink and had my food within minutes . as fast as many fast food places , but much better . the burgers are hot , juicy , & well seasoned . cheese curds are tremendous . the staff is very friendly . ca n't wait to try the frozen custard .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys just did a custom seat for my cafe racer . awesome job ! fred ( the owner i presume ) is a great guy . they exceeded my expectations and the price was extremely reasonable . did i mention he did it in like a day ? will definitely be going back and recommending him to all my friends ! top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent workmanship ! more than reasonable pricing and turn-around . the experience exceeded all of my expectations . fred worked on a replacement convertible boot cover for my antique car . i am very pleased to recommend ( urge ) his services for anyone be needing similar service performed on their car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfectly re-upholstered arm rest at half the cost quoted by the volkswagen dealership for a replacement part . i would recommend their services to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for the second time ever the other day and the adorable waitress with tattoos and long , pretty hair walked up to me with a sweet smile and confirmed that i wanted a margarita on the rocks . i was in utter disbelief that she remembered my drink order from the one other time i 'd been in , a couple of weeks prior , but i guess somehow she did . plus the margarita was delicious , and perfectly mixed . very impressive service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "k and i had some time while we waited for c to finish his rehearsal so we decided to stop in and give triple 2 's a shot . we managed to be in time for happy hour as well . k had the seasonal brew ( $ 4.75 for 25oz ) and i had the devils ale ( $ 4.75 for 25oz ) . both beers were cold and our server allison did a nice job of taking care of us . we also sampled a couple of the happy hour food items . the mushroom caps ( $ 4.00 ) were a great value because there were a good number of caps for the price and we tried 6 boneless wings ( $ 4.00 ) . too much breading and the sauce was a bit cloying . about a c on the bar food grading scale . nice server . average food . good beer selection . fair happy hour prices . 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is less than `` meh '' . service was n't great . food was less than great . they have cold beer and and like 37 tv 's or whatever . so that 's something i guess ... basically , it 's analogous to going to the prom at the last minute and all the hot girls are spoken for . so you just kinda settle . but then you regret waiting until the last minute ... because you could 've found something better if you would 've just planned things out just a tad better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "man , this place sucked ! the only reason it 's getting a second start is b c at least it was clean . the wings were terrible : hardly any sauce on them and the sauce they did have were just a shade shy of being pure vinegar . the waitress was horrible . a food runner brought our food , and the waitress never came back to check on us . so , she did n't find out 'til it was too late that they 'd forgotten my fries . the beer selection is horrible -- all football beers . for a neighborhood bar to have such a poor selection is too bad . the seating is weird . it feels like you 're on top of the tables next to you -- no privacy at all . my wife did n't even eat her food ( fried shrimp , i think ? ) . ugh , i was so disappointed . really wanted to like this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place has changed it 's name so many times , but one thing remains ... they have tasty bar food . we ordered pizza slices , mozarella sticks during hh and they were so greasy good lol and cheap ! i ordered a shrimp po'boy and it did n't disappoint . the food is greasy , beer cold , and lots of tvs for all types of sporting events . staff is friendly . outdoor patio seating and smoking area , along with bag toss . it 's definetly a sports bar pub atmosphere , so expect casual atmosphere and cheers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was really looking forward to the buy one burger get the second burger half price on saturday , but apparently you ca n't take it home . they refused to sell me a second burger for half price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fun place to go . always a fun crowd . service is fair , food is fair . the world needs more neighborhood hang outs like this . music is decent too . this place is always our back up plan if we do n't know where to go . friday is the best day to go . all day happy hour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seemed like our waitress was the only person waiting on the entire restaurant and bar inside and out . we had to go to the bar a few different times to order drinks and food as she rolled silverware . not her fault . management and ownership definitely needs to get their crap together . we gave the waitress a decent tip even though the service is not that great . we felt bad for her . the food was good and drinks were decent . we only got appetizers.we would 've definitely got more food and drinks it was just too hard to get waited on . very fun place and fun crowd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice neighborhood bar . good service . went in about 900pm on a friday night hoping for karaoke as mentioned on yelp , but none to be found . : (", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best thing about triple 2s is the staff . but the bar food staples , pizza and wings well they ca n't be beat . i have had about the entire menu and it is not just thrown together like most bar food . $ 4 apps are a great deal like the fried pickles etc . if you live close this should be your hangout .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good food ! we got a burger and it was great . good quality meat and tasty . fries were excellent . similar to steak fries . we also got honey bbq wings and they were really good as well . kids got pizza . it was n't great , honestly . and the salad was pretty good but had some rotten pieces . overall very good ! update : i have to take a star off . i 've been here twice in the last month and ordered a medium rare burger and it came out well done both times . once was take out so i could n't even send it back !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to say this place is awesome . went there for lunch on sunday and even with the nfl starting back ashley ( hope that 's spelled correctly ash ) service never suffered . great pretzels and cheese sticks for app . wife had a pizza she said it was awesome . i had the steak sandwich . it was awesome . it 's a diners , drive in and dives place . oh and the beer prices are awesome ... highly highly suggest visiting we will be back many more times for sure..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service from a cute waitress . i was there to watch a bowl game and they fired it up for me with audio and everything . fun environment and great food and staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is deeeelish ! great bar atmosphere . i ca n't wait 2 keep coming back to try the rest of the menu . maybe not the aligator but my boys are into it . this place is fun . bathrooms could be cleaner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just bought subs for my shop . the guys each had a different sub . after each bite of the fresh bread they kept saying `` this is great ! '' they want to try more of there menu . thanks for a great lunch , jeff", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , where to begin ... .the wife and i were looking for someplace different in the east gilbert area and thought we 'd give this place a try . we went at about 4 pm and the place only had a few guests when we arrived ( got busier while we were there ) . the dining space was decent and it has an ok tv situation for sports etc . however , the menu was lacking , the food was n't great , and the service was terribly slow . i 'm pretty sure only one server bartender was working , but there was a clear `` manager '' present who did n't do a thing but speak profanely to a regular at the end of the bar . with all of the competition in the area , we will continue to go elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been in after work a few times . service was slow when i arrived alone , seemed to speed up when my party joined me . not a good sign . food was served quick , fair but not great , reasonably priced . but , i will give high praise to the bomb shots and mini 's ! very creative , flavorful , and good price . waitress explained and made suggestions and those alone are enough for me to go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went on a friday , very crowded , ok service and ok food ... ... my beers were ice cold but my sisters mixed drinks lacked flavor", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome ... ... found a new hang out to spot that 's better than native new yorker ... . friendly yet satisfying the server was awsome food was more than great definitely will be back for more thanks for making my first round a day to remember ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to go in a saturday night ! love the live music ! did n't give the full 5 stars because the waitress took a little too long to notice when we needed a refill on our drinks . but the atmosphere is fun ! keep up the music !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every time i go here the food is phenomenal ( especially with their new menu that just came out ) and so is the service ! it 's definitely refreshing to go to a bar and getting great food and service , i do n't live close but it 's always worth the drive ! just wish i could give more stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just came to grand opening for triple 2s tavern . the food was really great , burgers were cooked to perfection and the wings were excellent too . kid friendly during the day and a big difference from the original bar restaurant it used to be . owner was very engaged wanting to know what our experience was like ... will definitely be back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing company ! they truly make the dreams of a fairytale wedding come true . it 's amazing to see everything you have wanted since you were a little girl unfold into reality in front of your eyes ! thank you clm weddings !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a great experience ! easy to book the game coach was amazing ! would rent again anytime !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our kids had a great time and loved the involvement of our game coordinator , he was fun , well spoken and engaging with the kids . we 'll definitely have him back : ) thanks for making matt 's party a success ! marie", "score": "5"}
{"review": "game truck bailed our child care center out with an hour notice last friday when another scheduled vendor did not show up . with low hope of not disappointing our children we called around to area vendors and game truck was on site with laser tag within an hour and a half . the children had an outstanding time and we were amazed at their top notch service when we did n't even have a scheduled appointment . their commitment to helping our school not disappoint when another vendor let us down was outstanding and we will undoubtedly book with them in the future . exceptional service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two words to describe game truck `` awesome experience '' ! they were on time very helpful and i would definitely use game truck again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretention and trends stop dead at the door : barfly is a neighborhood dive bar , nothing less and nothing more . just about every inch of this tiny watering hole is covered in habs stickers and memorabilia ( complete with old school guy lafleur and yvan cournoyer figurines ) and there 's a small corner for local bands to provide the night 's entertainment . there are a few beers on tap ( moosehead lager , boreale among them ) , a pool table and what no bar should be without : a bar dog . be sure to say hi to grappa .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is what it is and it 's awesome . please do n't come here if you are not a dim and dirty dive bar lover of country , bluegrass , rockabilly , grit and gracious roadway charm . stay away and leave this place and the good people who rock it in peace . go find your bliss elsewhere baby , it 's ok ! i was here recently with a gal who used to frequent the joint often when she lived here over 4 years ago . the tough eyed woman behind the bar lit up , recognized her immediately , and picked up on talks like not a heart beat had gone by . bottle service ? ah no . soul service ? like none other .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we took a trip to montreal earlier this year and wanted to find a `` home base '' for our trip . barfly was conveniently located about a mile away from our air bnb . we went twice during our 4 day 3 night trip . the music is solid . courtney was our girl that night and she had the best hardcore metal sound track . we also attended for bluegrass night and that was a great time . tons of habs memorabilia covering the bar . strong drinks at a good price ( compared to the restaurants we went to throughout the city . ) it 's a must-visit next time we head to montreal . we had a bit of a hard time locating the bar . keep an eye out for the pile of cigarettes along the sidewalk . that was our only sign that we had found the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best dive-watering hole ( without a patio ) . i do n't think beer is cheaper anywhere else on the main . they still have tapes behind the bar and an excellent bluegrass night . there 's a live band crammed into the back nearly every night of the week and some of the best shows i have ever seen were in those ten sweaty feet of standing-room-only space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down , the dirtiest dive bar on the plateau . this is a place you go to sit down , drink cheap pints , and chat with friends . there 's a pool table , a bar , and maybe half a dozen tables . to frills whatsoever . unless there 's a show going on to attract new faces , the crowd is mostly regulars , and it does n't take more than a few visits to get friendly with them . sunday nights are blue grass nights , which are worth checking out if you have an inner hillbilly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dive love ! we went here twice , because it felt like we lived there . fantastic , friendly bunch of regulars and nice bartenders as well . one of the bartenders had a beautiful , friendly german shepherd mix that was in the bar - for me , this makes it an automatic five stars . another of the regulars had dogs , which he brought in . two german shepherds ( making a total of three ! omg ! ) . i was in heaven . we had a blast here , having drinks , talking to people , petting dogs and playing pool . just fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite bar in montreal . live music pretty much every night and can be anything from bluegrass , country , punk , hardcore , heavy metal m . bar staff are friendly and will be talkative if it is n't too busy . also dog friendly if not to crowded . great spot to catch a last pint before closing time . avoid if you do n't like fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this dive spot . even in the afternoon when i came here , it was fun . cheap drinks , bar tender was nice and easy to talk to . the mural outside is stunning and is what caught my attention . cheap drinks ! and the bathroom doesnt smell ! yay ! they also have open mic nights here ! ! ! ( sunday )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a solid dive bar in montreal , with a dangerous couple steps up straight from the street . this little old building is original - you can tell from the exposed beams and the way the entire bar tilts straight down , but its original in other ways , too . a mixed-age group of people , cheap beers on tap , good music on the juke and still the ocaissional punk show , this is everything a dive bar should be . within two pints you can be sharing a table with an old guy who tells you stories about rock stars on caribbean islands , his problems with faith , and hand-draws you maps to leonard cohen 's bagel joint and the best vintage shops in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little spot . drinks are more than reasonably priced , staff is friendly and competent , atmosphere is pretty cool . i 'm here with some friends from work and it 's a great way to end the week .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice time here ! travelling through from texas and stopped in hamilton for the night . we came early and had a nice time talking with rodrigo and johnny learning about the city and drinking whiskey !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sticky floors . gram parsons . hockey games on a big tv . sodas . beers . steamy windows in the winter time . awesome ladies wearing all black and big floppy hats . nice dudes in canadiennes toques . the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a really easy going bar . indie music was happenkng on the friday we went . love the bar dog .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here for sunday bluegrass night ( which did n't really get going 'til 11pm ) and really enjoyed it . good beer , great music , pool table and a warm and grimy vibe -- though at $ 6.25 a pint i 'm not sure i 'd call it a dive bar even if it looks the part . anyway , well worth a visit -- though watch your bag , my wife was pick-pocketed to the tune of $ 100+ which blew .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little dive bar with good music and casual atmosphere . cheap drinks , very small town america feel to it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if your looking for a total dive bar with super friendly service , and live music ... ... this is it . ask for amanda she 's an awesome bartender we literally bought a 10lb brisket down the street and carved up sandwichs for the entire bar for dinner enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dingy little place but the punk rock dive-bar style really is something that i enjoy . the crowd matched up to the decor and the live music hit the spot . washed my stress away with a few ricards and friends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one star for the dog . she told me they accepted us currency ( cash only ) .. she treated the us currency as canadian dollars so i was charged about 25 % more than i should 've been . very unfriendly service with an unpleasant attitude . we felt as though we were a bother . check out darling down the street ! great service and wonderful atmosphere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so enjoyable . after asking about a `` homer , alaska '' bumper sticker behind the bar , i quickly found myself chatting with some very pleasant montrealers . pas trop cher , and i dug all the habs memorabilia . would love to come back and stay for some live music .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a dive with live music and regulars cheap and no convo", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so at home ? i go to dive bars . when i 'm away ? i like to see what other dive bars look like . especially internationally . barfly ? you 're a lovely dive . outside on the back patio is probably the world 's saddest looking koi pond . like , i do n't even understand . it looks like a slightly nicer version of a plastic kid 's pool filled with water , a few lily pads and some koi . like , if these kois were people , they 'd be drinking at this bar . anyways . the bartender was rad and she was playing nick cave for everyone because she was excited about the show the next night . a random dog came in , which was adorable . stickers adorned everything . cheap drinks and a good happy hour . whenever i am back in town , i will come back . door is a little hard to find so make sure you write down the address !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small dive bar with cheap drinks and free pool . if i lived in montreal this place would be my second home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the diviest of dive bars . if that 's what you 're into , you 'll enjoy yourself . my friend & i came in on a night with a jazz band playing ; a very pleasant surprise !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a manager in a big local business in madison it 's discouraging to know you ca n't get a price over the phone . some customers are loyal even if something is $ 2 higher . there is more to hid regardless if there is competition on the block . competition is all over the internet . customers buy from you because of what you guys do and your location . for example i buy vapergate smurf 30 miles for $ 22 . you can go online and get a 120 for $ 65 . does it bother me ? no . i buy because i can have it now . i just think with technology and business practices there is nothing to hide . we live in a community where it 's not hard to find out pricing . you grow being better . the hi next door does n't matter . provide better service and it 'll get you further .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "agree with the other reviews . they wo n't give out prices , etc . over the phone , and the clerk did state that it was store policy . i 've heard of businesses where rates are based on haggling negotiation doing that , but a smoke shop ? methinks they should cut back on the wacky tobaccy if there 's that level of paranoia .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here with my brother who has a hookah , and wanted to try out some new flavors for it . the staff all seemed pretty knowledgeable about what they were selling , and all somewhat helpful . when we walked in they were smoking hookah , and it smelt so good . some may not like that , i did though . pretty busy , and a pretty big selection on flavors for hookah , and had some pretty awesome looking bowls", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ron shot both our engagement session and our wedding and we could n't be happier with the results . we both wish we could just have him follow us around , take photos , and make us look amazing . you can tell he enjoys what he does . he 's very easy going and fun to work with , but punctual and always on top of things . if you want great , contemporary photos that are n't run of the mill and capture your unique personalities , ron is your guy . thanks for everything ron !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ron miller is amazing . i think the heavens were smiling on me when i chose him to be our wedding photographer in las vegas . i knew i did n't want the traditional posed photos with aunt june and uncle joe . i wanted art to hang on my walls for years to come , and someone who would truly capture the essence of the day . ron did all of this . he spent the entire day with us running around from site to site to take fun pictures with our bridal party , and then captured the ceremony and reception flawlessly . all i know is the first teaser picture i saw made me think of high fashion wedding photography- and considering that i am as far from a model as you can get , i know this is 100 % due to ron 's talent . i do n't think you could go wrong hiring ron .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if only he had gotten it right ... this would have been a higher rating . ron was a delight to have as a photographer and his shots were generally well done . however , service after the wedding day was horrible . we got the wrong prints and a year after our wedding we still do n't have the correct prints . he has stopped answering my emails and does not return my calls . i even contacted him again through his own website but no answer . it 's such a shame that he just could n't get it right with something as simple as ordering the correct prints and answering client emails . he has the photography skills but not the business skills . we had plans for him to be our life long photographer , even very close to flying him to exotic places , but ignoring us after getting our money left a bad taste that we just do n't want anymore .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been trying to get my wedding photos for 2 years from ron . i have emailed multiple times , i have called over and over and over again and get no call back . initially we i did speak with him i was told they were re doing the studio and everything would be coming out ... that was over a year ago and i have not been able to get in touch with him since . if you actually want wedding photos do not go with ron miller", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i honestly ca n't say enough about ron ! he is amazing and truly loves what he does . it shows because everyone one of our weddding photos is amazing ! we got married in costa rica and wanted a great photographer to capture every moment and take advantage of the scenic beauty . he did that and so much more ! he did our engagement photos as well and we had such a blast ! they look so natural and exactly what we were wanting . not the typical posed pictures but real shots that captured our love for each other . i could n't imagine having anyone else do our photos . if you are thinking about ron as a photographer you would be crazy not to have have him capture your special day ! i ca n't wait for us to have kids because ron will be able to capture all the special moments again ! thanks so much ron ! you are more than wonderful and one of a kind !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joel from quality stitch did a great job embroidering hats for my girls ' birthday party ! great quality work , timely responses , guidance on colors , placement and font selection , reasonable prices , quick turnaround and great customer service . i will use their services again and highly recommend joel and quality stitch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a very good experience with joe ! after calling several embroidery places in town and almost all saying they were unable to embroider my daughter 's easter plush basket , i decided to give this place a try . not only was joe helpful in the whole process , but he gave recommendations to how we can make it happen . great service , clean workshop and high quality work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in search of a place in which i could get a good price on some embroidery work . went online and did a search on google and quality stitch custom embroidery came up . i contacted joel , and was very impressed by his professionalism and willing to work with my budget . within 48 hours , i had my name stitched on my piece of clothing and the work was excellent . it lined up perfectly straight and i was very happy with the work . not only does joel do quality work , but at a great price . thanks again joel , i will be doing future business with you and have no problem sending you referrals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only did you hats come out looking amazing , joel went out of his way to help me in a pinch . he delivered a large order ( 300 hats ! ) in days , helping me make a last minute deadline . his customer service is superb and his work is top notch ! thank you joel ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i work for sincity plumbing and we needed new hats for work . i was greatly impressed with the quality of work and the affordability . i contacted joel , he gave me a very fair price , had to adjust my file for the logo and got it done . it only took a couple days and i got has for the entire company ! joel did fantastic work , was easy to deal with , very affordable , i would highly recommend . i 'll definitely use them again in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a+ work , , , talked with joel two weeks before i was able to get my order in . was helpful had his own input on my ideas . but nothing to change what i wanted . and it came out better then i could of dreamed . i look forward to doing more business with him.. thanks again joel you rock", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great quality work and fast placed a large order for company shirts , jackets , hats and wind jackets and they had it ready in under a week highly recommended ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just found the perfect place to do some embroidery on my hats , highly recommend to anyone , i will be going there for more in the future . joe is awesome . great guy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend coming here for any embroidery jobs you have , very helpful , great insight and works very quick and the best quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recommend this business for all projects from team gear to birthday parties and business events . they are very professional , kind , honest and refreshing to do business with . i had a wonderful experience and will return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great person to do business with , he is friendly , super fast and greet quality . highly recommend him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soo , i met the bf 's parents we went to vegas and this was our first stop ! after the parents picked us up , they drove us to this hotel . i really liked this place because it 's newly renovated , clean , and cheap ! they had a lot of slot machines that were the nickel machines and they were loose , too , compare to the fancier hotels at the strip . i noticed the tables had low minimums , too ! although this hotel is away from the strip , it was n't a bad drive if you want to stay here over night . stay away from the buffet , though.. it was n't that good ! get their preferred card , you get points and win some cool prizes ! i did n't get to stay for the drawing , though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the 2 star rating is because of the rude female hotel operator last night . this urge me to write my very first review on yelp or else i will never waste my time . i kindly asked for an extra pillow , since i need to elevate my head due to respiratory issues but she rudely told me they are out of pillows then hang up . i was just hoping it was disconnected by accident and did n't purposely hanged up the phone . but , as an operator , she knew what room number i was in , she should have called back . as a frequent traveller , requesting for an extra pillow has never been an issue . i do n't even think that the hotel is fully packed with hotel guest that they ran out of pillows . but , on the bright side our hotel room is clean and modern . i hope that lady that ruined my night will get an extra training on how to properly communicate to their guest .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "got free 2 night stay here and free slot tournament entry . the hotel is one of the older hotels , but if you get your rooms in the tower , it 's still nice . lots of different promotions and offers everyday to win all kind of things . it 's also right across from galleria mall . very convenient .if you have a rental car and do n't mind being away from the strip , this place is a good choice", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is an a-ok off-strip casino . it 's got decent restaurants , a good movie theatre , cheap gaming , etc . it looks a tad rundown , but still manages to pretty and nice enough . there 's not much more to say about it . it 's a perfectly fine place to spend some time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's close to home , it has food , gaming and movies . yeah , we go here to rock our socks from time to time . its nothing special when it comes to las vegas casinos . nothing fancy or shiny . its like an old car , still works , still gets the job done without all the bells and whistles . they have a lot to do and plenty of places to eat . we often stop for icecream or a fat burger . we usually always go to the movies at their regal cinemas as well . sunset station to me is like the weird friend you had in high school that you wish no one knew you hung out with from time to time ... especially since you enjoy your time together . yeah , thats how i feel about sunset station . hahaha", "score": "3"}
{"review": "found a clump of long black hair on the bathroom floor , then found a black pubic hair in bed along with a blood stain that was not fully washed out of the sheet . i called to let the staff know about the problem at 2 pm and it was not fixed . after waiting an hour we finally just walked down to the front desk to let them know what was going on . then after being promised it would get fixed it was n't . i had to physically take the sheet to the front desk at 11 pm , and at that time i was called a liar and told that i only wanted comped and i could have gotten that sheet anywhere . i only wanted the bed fixed . finally someone showed up with a clean sheet and i made the bed myself . also , the property itself was dirty , toilet seats in casino bathrooms were rotting and staff unfriendly . wo n't be returning or recommending .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm not a gambler . i have probably gambled here 10 times in the 10 years i have lived in henderson las vegas . i do however come to sunset station fairly often . they have a pretty good buffet at a decent price if you have a players card . like i said i do n't gamble much but i have saved a lot of money just from discounts on the buffet with the players card . i also cash my check here for free since the company i work for does not offer direct deposit . when you cash your check they offer you a free spin on a computerized wheel which i 'm sure is fixed in some way since a always seem to end up getting the same prize which is points on my players card . but that 's ok because that means free buffets ! all though it would be nice to hit the $ 10000 prize just once .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my new favorite casino . very quiet , very nice-looking casino . low minimums on blackjack and craps ( $ 5 ) . friendly dealers . and it has many of the slot machines i like : invaders from the planet moolah , star trek . they have a card system that gives you money to play with as soon as you join .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! love this casino ! the buffet is the best in the whole city ! the slots are fun and pretty loose as well ! folks that work here are very friendly and the atmosphere is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time my husband and i go to henderson we stay at the sunset station hotel . we enjoy staying here and there 's plenty of places to go to around the hotel . you can go bowling in their bowling alley and watch movies at their imax theater on the premises . they also have plenty of places to eat . there 's a starbucks next to the their guest check in desk for all you caffeine addicts like myself . their pricing is very reasonable and the hotel is surrounded by plenty of stores and there is a mall across the way and a water park not far away as well . sometimes you want a mellow and quiet trip out to nevada rather than the busy and fast pace las vegas strip . sunset station hotel and casino is definitely a little paradise away from home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't complain , $ 4.99 for a breakfast buffet . i feel like i 'm back in the 80 's , yes i 'm that old . i remember breakfast buffets that cheap . food was mediocre , c'mon it 's a buffet , what do you expect . i 'm not a buffet person , but for $ 5 why not . good thing is that a mimosa was only $ 3 , score", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my grandma invited my friends and i to the buffet here after a long drive from la . this place is pretty damn huge . the buffet is impressive . they have different section of different types of food like italian , american , international , etc . not to mention the food was on point . definitely recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place great people great food ! not busy on weekdays which is nice and there are multiple dining options to choose from . great staff at the cashier area and have never met anybody there that is n't pleasant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes i am still a fan . sitting in my room right now and learned that if you care to have quiet do not let them give you a room with a connecting door , , , , eeee gads .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the worst casino i have ever been to in neveda , i was there on 6 4 1:30 pm playing craps after losing more than $ 65,000 i was very upset so i went to the bar to get intoxicated and ended up being kicked out , the security guards rushed me like abunch of ninjas and were very rude . they wouldnt even let me finish my beer", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sunset casino is my favorite local casino . the slots are fair , the live shows are frequent and ever changing ( many times also free ! ) the buffet is busy so be prepared for a possible wait time for chow . the movie theater and bowling make it a fun place for date night and they have quite a few places to eat if the buffet is n't your style . oyster bar , mexican cantina , nice cafe , and `` mall food '' sabarro , panda express , fatburger , and a ben and jerry 's near the theater .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean and spacious room . has the typical casino vibe and smell however that is to be expected . the hotel is about a 15 minute drive to the strip . many options to choose from in terms of restaurants within the hotel . close to shopping and food outside of the hotel . great stay over all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this review is strictly just for the casino and movie theater here . it 's definitely not your fancy casino on the strip but i love this place ! dealers are friendly and i always feel like a winner when i leave.. well most of the time . the movie theater here is my go to as well since i live right down the street . it 's reserved reclined sofa seating so it 's super comfortable and they usually have some of the latest showings around henderson area so if you work late this is the place to be !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here . ton for movies and food but the best thing was my son 's birthday . we came to the bowling ally and the price was great and the lady helping was really nice . the movie theater has been redone and is super great with recliners now . the buffet is similar to the green valley one . good ... not amazing but for the price good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i canot comment on room ... did not stay ... but after bad experience at hotel i stayed ... may consider next time ... .oh wait a minute there 's a $ 10 `` resort '' fee added to room per night ... probably will pass . did gamble quite a bit ... went for monday night football for third year in a row when bears played vikings ... . $ 1 dogs and beer ... .good deal ... .went back 2 nights later to bet sports and play craps ... .dealers were friendly and won $ 200 ... cocktail servers at craps were efficient ... but one at sports book on monday i tried to get a beerr but she would n't serve unless i had a drink ticket ... she called me honey ... you 're not my honey you do n't know me ... .my bad lesson learned for next time . this was my base casino when my friend lived there nearby..he moved away ... very good poker machines and craps and not near as crowded as strip or downtown ... .joined station players club 2 years ago", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice clean locals casino in henderson . it has a movie theatre , bowling , large sports book and fast food restaurants . it 's a great place to relax and sit at the bar watching your favorite sport .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "review for day pass at pool only ! only went because i can walk there from apartment . paid $ 10 to get in the pool for the day . attendant at pool door was very rude . almost yelling at me to go to the front desk and pay the $ 10 to get in , when the front desk said , `` nobodys really back there ... .go ahead and enjoy '' . 2 lifeguards . cabanas for rent . outside walk-up bar . 1 sprite cost me $ 7 ... might want to bring your own drinks amd snacks . pool is not deep . waist deep at most , so that basically makes it a giant warm bathtub . first amd last visit . you would think they would let locals who live within a mile or two radius in for free . guess that would be asking too much from people . scam or be scammed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place to stay if you plan on taking your boat out to lake mead . ample parking . they are also one of the only pet friendly hotel casino establishments in the las vegas metropolitan area , the rooms are very clean and it has all the amenities you would find on the strip . it 's vegas without the crowds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if u want to lose all your money and be treated so so then u should stay i live in vegas i would recommend any casino but this one . they say they love locals that 's total bulls $ & @ t .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm going to get straight to the point . this is one of my favorite station casinos . i 've won nice sums numerous times on the slots and today was my first time playing a sport 's wager . it 's a very welcoming casino and definitely has the local feel to it . i also love the feast buffet 's sunday champagne brunch ! but i 'll leave that part to another review . the only reason i am giving this casino 4 stars is because it lacks some of the bells and whistles that the strip casino 's have to offer . but hey if you 're a local you should love it ! peace .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love their bartenders ; brenda and sosa . i used to go here every friday to gamble a little and drink but they added different bands to the bar over by starbucks and i do not enjoy any of them . ( i gave it a couple tries before changing bars . ) they have the casino music and the band playing at the same time . and honestly , i would prefer the casino pop rock music . the live band is annoying , when they leave i 'll come back . sorry .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the hotel room itself was excellent , large , roomy and clean . the meals at the buffet was average but the coffee shop meals were of good value and large portions . the hotel front desk was of no help , even though my reservations had the room and breakfast included . they would not honor the breakfast and stated that it was my problem to solve with hotwire whom i made the reservations with . even when they printed out my reservations at the front desk , it stated with meals . this i thought was a little under handed by the hotel to accept the reservations and then to spring it on you when you check in is a bit unethical , in my opinion . to rub salt in the wound , they charged me resort fee of about $ 17.00 per night and did n't get anything for it because i did n't hang around the hotel too much . still manage to have a good time here because we were determined not to let anything get in our way of having a good time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hotel was clean . rooms were great . did n't like that you needed to show your key card to use the hotel elevators ... made the hotel feel as though they have a security issue . the casino floor was nice . nice slots and great drink specials . enjoyed there was a bowling alley , movie theater , casino , hotel , and many places to eat ... very convenient . food buffets are inexpensive and needs a little improvement , but would still eat there again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely a locals casino ! i really like this stations casino however i love clear across town and honestly only come to this one if i 'm in the area ! if you are looking for a bother friendly locals casino that really loves it 's locals than this is the spot ! not to mention they have the famous oyster bar located inside ! it 's a much to hit the slots and or tables and stop by that restaurant ! yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worst service ever the waiter john was terriable .i order a patty melt med well it came our med it still was med than instead of fixing his mistake i did n't get my burger he just took it off the bill", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this local casino and i 'm not sure why . the layout is confusing at first but once u find yourself the landmarks spots it 's easy to navigate . i 've stayed in the rooms before when y parents would visit , nothing posh but i do appreciate a clean room and decent size . what i also like about this place is the upgraded movie theatre , hooters , and i absolutely love the bowling arena . i played $ 3.75 bowling but i do know they have $ 1.50 bowling as well . cosmic bowling was super fun plus if u have kids playing with you you can set up the bumpers to go up when it 's their turn to bowl ! super neat ! ! ! california bowling is so expensive so i appreciate this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sunset station is a fine property . the casino is large and has everything you would need without leaving the building ( movies , bowling , etc ) the buffet i ate was very good . the pool area was nice and large , large enough so you felt comfortable and relaxed . the pool was open later than most properties too . the staff were all friendly and helpful , and it was obvious they really wanted you to be aware of that . the room was clean and decorated nicely , everything was in great shape and made for a comfortable stay . i 'd recommend staying here for anyone looking for a quiet place to get away", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went there this weekend for punk rock bowling and it was awesome ! it is pretty big but it is not that crowded . everything you need is around the sunset station . you have a huge choice of restaurants to choose from . there is a mall across the street and there is also a wal-mart and best buy . the casino has about everything you want and if you do want to go to vegas it is about 20 min away . so your good no matter what .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just love this casino . my favorite place out of all the other casinos around . it 's nice not having to go to the strip and be amongst all the tourists .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well to start when i checked in at 3:45 i was told that my room was n't ready because i was only staying one night , although check-in is at 3pm . so , after my husband argued with the lady they suddenly had a room available ... .and it was not very clean . bought some bleach for tub because it looked pretty gross and i sanitized surfaces . never again will i stay here ... i 'll stick to the higher end hotels , not worth the savings . thank goodness it 's only one night .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place for gambling and family fun . it has a huge 72 lane bowling alley , two arcades , restaurants , and imax movie theater . the hotels rooms are very comfortable and spacious with a pool out side for guests and locals ( for a fee ) . the atmosphere is calm and pleasant with helpful staff members . be sure to sign up for the rewards card for hotel discounts and more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very attentive staff . friendly staff . buffer worth it and not so expensive as the strip pricing . did n't stay here , but wish i had . will next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here for the lunch buffet and were happy with the service we received . the price was great and the food was what we expected.. nothing overly exciting but not poor quality either . we came on st patrick 's day and we 're seated right away . our server went out of her way to ensure we were satisfied at all times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stayed here on fri. and sat . , may 6th and 7th . we paid over $ 300 for the stay for a basic king room . the room was clean , but very plain ... not even a vent in the bathroom . do not expect a coffee maker in your room either . you have to walk clear down to the casino area and pay $ 6 for two coffees . then the topper was the pool area was completely closed on sat.to hotel guests because of a tequila party later that night . we were not even informed of this prior to our arrival . what a bunch of undesirables that party brought in : ( if you get their $ 40 cheap weeknight rate and just need a place to sleep of the drunk , then go for it . do not pay more than that for this hotel ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "trying to have a nice quiet dinner . the announcer for the awards giveaways is way too loud in the restaurant", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the hotel and the casino . beds are comfy , pillows stink . for $ 250 a night you should have `` oprah 's best '' . but over all i love this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one star ! it 's been a while since i 've been out here , but come on , it 's almost 2016 and smokers still allowed to smoke inside . no point in having showers , my clothes reak of cigarettes after walking anywhere through the casino , which of course is where all the restaurants and bars are . how about a compromise , create an enclosed smoking area , and keep the rest of the place smoke free ! unbelievable this is still an issue today ! i 'll never stay here again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here for bowling . i thought they had plenty of lanes , the service was good and they accomodated a pretty large group of 20 people fairly easily . we ordered pizza and drinks which was of average quality but about what i would expect from a bowling alley . it 's not as nice as some newer lanes in the vegas valley but it 's convenient and usually not as packed as some of the other lanes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really love this place ! never stayed in the hotel but the prices are cheap and the food is good . the buffet is ok it 's good for the price 6.99 . breakfast buffet 7.99 lunch 10.99 dinner ca n't beat that with a stick lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly team members , good food , lots of table action at the craps table . great promos and tournaments . close to shopping and you ca n't beat the room prices . if your out of state sign up for a players card and receive room offers plus get a discount at the buffet . you ca n't go wrong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this casino . i always have a good time and i do n't often have to wait long for drinks . plus it has plenty for kids to do , such as kids quest which my daughter loves . it 's a bit noisy since they have the radio going plus the jackpot announcements and live music all at once . other than that , i have no complaints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place for locals . tourist may not enjoy it as much . it is a good place to gamble . i usually either win or break even , but i do n't go crazy gambling either . everyone is nice from the waitresses to the table dealers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the room was clean , the staff was courteous and the downstairs station cafe was great ! we will definitely be going back - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beware of the hidden amenity fee . at first look , the rooms seem so cheap , but then also add onto that price an addiitonal $ 16 for an amenity fee that they automatically charge you even if you do n't want to use their internet . that 's the only reason why sunset station gets 4 stars . other than that , the rooms are very clean , new looking , and nice . the casino tables have low minimums which is nice . also , the hotel is huge ! it has a movie theater , starbucks , and tons of restaurants . i would definitely recommend this place if you want a quieter place to stay away from the strip", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably my favorite station casino . i 'm a frequent visitor to their sportsbook and i must say they have the best customer service out of all station casinos when it comes to their sportsbook . their lunch buffet is also fairly decent considering the price tag w your boarding pass . a lot of variety and usually a short wait to get seated if you go during the middle of the week . movie theater is also very clean and comfortable . have seen many movies here and i certainly would recommend this theater as it 's usually not crowded at all with fri sat night being the exceptions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quite a nice casino and hotel far off the strip . went here for the buffet as i had a 2 for 1 . reasonably priced regardless . selection was fairly good and food was tasty . waitress was very friendly and attentive . the casino area is quite novel and uniquely themed . the only issue i had was the rather unfriendly and pissy old witch at the rewards center . i 'm surprised she has n't been vetted out yet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall this is a pretty good place . it 's located off the strip so it seemed to be a more local crowd . we ate at the buffet which was very good as far as casino buffets go . it had a variety of food , all of which was pretty good . the place also has a 72 lane bowling alley , arcade , and kid area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was apprehensive of coming here but because family member was treating and was also paying i could have any say . first off dinner was normally 14.99 but if you apply for players card you get buffet dinner for only $ 9.99 . most of menu was america , mexican taco section , and some asian . american was typical meat carving ( roast beef : chewy could n't swallow , roast chicken : dry no taste , sausage : pretty decent ) . mexican : basically a taco station . some asian : dried noodles , egg rolls : only cabbage inside , dumplings : not steamed & nothing to brag about either . everything else was dark , boring , and too much salt . gelato ice cream was favorite part and that was out sourced . i would n't come back here unless you twisted my arm and got me covered .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "there is something about coming to this station casino that i love . it could be because it 's just walking distance from me . it could be because every single time i go there i always have a fantastic time . it could be because i love the station casino commercials . all i know is , whenever my visiting friends and family come here they always enjoy this place more than going to `` strip '' casinos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been staying here for a few years now because the comps are so good we ca n't resist . we are extremely happy with their new rooms . so sleek and modern . that long walk from the room elevators to the casino floor is still the pits . more so , when you lose and it becomes the walk of shame but , hey , at least now i can enjoy the room more and sleep off those free drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we planned on staying here just to enjoy the pool , but it was closed due to `` high winds '' which were not evident outside or in the forcast . the front desk staff would not refund our money and did n't offer anything in compensation . very frustrated . used to love this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "its a vegas casino , there is really nothing special , it has a movie theater , some average casino food and an average vegas hotel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow . this place straight sucks . shitty drink service , employees who hate their life , and shitty payouts . dottys or the local joints area much better option to make your money last . forst and last time at this meeting lace . if you 're getting shitty payouts go to the strip rather than here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ate ( well tried ) at buffet and it was the most disgusting food i have ever had . i would rather eat at mcdonalds and i do n't like mcdonalds . save your money and spend it somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we stayed at the sunset station in henderson the weekend of june 15-17 , 2013 . we had never stayed at a station casino before but had heard good things about them and i can only say that our room was very nice and clean with a nice vanity area separate from the bathroom shower room . the employees were extremely nice and helpful and we had a great stay . would definitely stay there again and try other station locations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "welcome to the wal mart of casinos . this casino aint done nothing for nobody nowhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "spent the 29th and 30th of september here , the rooms were great , comfortable and cheap , the buffets were pretty good , but the circle bar ( i do n't know the name ) was great , the bartenders were friendly and nice , and generous with comped drinks . laughed with them watching monday night football and the next night baseball playoffs . a great and relaxing couple of days at sunset station .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and downtown casinos , sunset station is a nice change . the casino is cozy with an accommodating staff . we also frequent their feast buffet and other restaurants , the strike zone bowling facility , and regal theatre .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm giving the hotel a strong 4 - and putting an extra star to off set some of the poor reviews i saw . i traveled to henderson for business and clunked down 50 bucks to get a clean bed and free wi-fi the night before a meeting . as i drove up , i was n't expecting much - the casino is meh as you walk in -- but i 'm not reviewing the casino . the hotel rooms are completely remodeled and i 've stayed in much worse for 10 times the cost . new , modern decor , great desk staff ( kevin was really nice and very knowledgeable ) . if you 're here for work or play - this is a great , clean , remodeled room for a very good price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sunset station is a really good hotel , with many amenities for the entire family . the rooms are spacious and clean , and the bowling alley and kids quest day care are perfect for the kids . but what makes this place great is the food . the restaurants are amazing ! you must try the oyster bar and the italian restaurant , too . the prices are reasonable , and the service is excellent . overall , for the value , this is a terrific place to stay in the vegas area with the family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stayed here while boating on lake mead . the staff is friendly and helpful . our room was a mini suite and was roomy . the house keeping staff did a great job and kept our room spotless . the food was ok , nothing too exciting but when we had a complaint at one of the restaurants the asst . manager took care if it quickly and hassle free . the movie theater is awesome . power recliner seats and you reserve your seat as well . we 're coming back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the new recliners in their theater . i think they are only in theater 1 for right now . but i think they are getting more . the staff are always helpful and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is not a 5 star hotel luxury wise . i am giving it 5 stars for what you get for the price . sunset is clean , fun , and has excellent prices . from bowling alleys to a movie theatre to slots , you ca n't go wrong staying here ! update : in november of 2015 , we had some difficult issues regarding some of the staff . we were so upset about it , i called downstairs to speak with a manager . within a few minutes , i was transferred to james ouano ( hotel manager ) , and i felt he did so much to correct the situation . i am very grateful he not only resolved the issue , but even went out of his way , to type a card to us , apologizing on behalf of some staff 's behavior . i understand not every company is perfect , but good managers are truly an asset when these issues arise . thanks james !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a great place for the family . i come here all of the time because of the kids club . i can drop the kids off and catch a movie and then grab dinner as a family . gambling here is ok. never been to the pool or stayed in the rooms . but as a local hang out . i like it a lot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cool spot for gambling and family night out . bowling , movies etc", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this casino ! ! nice and clean . the buffet is delicious and affordable . every slot machine you like to play is here and new ones too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i celebrated my birthday here and i could n't have picked a better place . the food was as delicious as you 'd expect from such an upscale restaurant , but what really sets picasso apart is the experience itself . from the fountain views and the picassos on the wall to the best service i think i 've ever had , this is absolutely amazing evening . vegas is all about the explosion of opulence , too much is never enough , but picasso manages to be just enough , everything exquisite but never overblown .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst car rental company . that 's all . just because you reserve a car a month ahead of time is no guarantee you will have a car when your flight arrives . we waited over an hour with no information until suddenly someone appeared and asked us to follow them . what a joke !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst car rental place to rent cars ! the lady at the front desk was so rude from the moment we came up to the counter , she looked at us like we messed up her day . she pushed us to purchase insurance when we already had coverage with our carrier ! when i kept telling her no she said i was being hostile when do you ever tell that to a customer ? that is the worst experience i have had ! once we got our car they did not check the car for damages and union return they did n't check for damages again ! does n't seem like they really care about that part also they were able to tell us how much we owed and just told us to wait and see what the charge comes in on our credit card ! will never rent from them again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "turned in prepaid rental today.the agent that rented it me filled out the form to accept insurance even though i declined.my fault came in on a red eye and did not pay attention.watch the agent i do n't think they pay attention either.or it is something they are trained to do to increase the bottom line", "score": "1"}
{"review": "criminal extortion organization . do not rent from dollar . i do n't have time to go in to the details of what happened , but basically my quote was $ 146 and they charge me for $ 500 . charges i said no to were put on the bill . i am going through my credit card company to try to charge this back and dispute it . repeat : do not rent from dollar and tell everyone you know not to !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "booked a car on line for $ 150 . i was asked if i wanted an upgrade to a mid-size ( camry ) and the price doubled , which was ridiculous . i was also asked if i wanted high , medium or low insurance ? bogus question , as if you have car insurance , no additional insurance is needed . the question was misleading . would never book with dollar again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "poor service . the clerk at the desk was rude and apathetic . her gestures were curt and not very personable , pointing fingers and ordering the next sale to come forward . she did n't wear a name tag but we eventually heard her name was renita . she tried selling additional services without giving us the price up front . we eventually learned it was an additional $ 70 dollars charge for a second driver . all in all , it was n't a pleasant experience . honestly , a little enthusiasm and a friendly smile can go a long way . i hope our next experience will be more enjoyable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "40 minutes and i 'm still standing in line at the dollar rental car counter at charlotte douglas airport this is ridiculous one person only working ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dollar gave me a car that had 63,000 miles on it . i 'm not in the habit of checking the odometer on rentals . i guess i should . on day 2 we drove through a rainstorm and felt the car sliding . no wonder . the next morning the tire warning on the dashboard lit up . low tires . looked at the tires . bald ! ! ! ! took the car to a goodyear and the tech said i should n't drive the car more than 200 miles cuz the tires were that worn . would n't pass a safety inspection . called customer service after our trip to complain . was offered a $ 30 coupon . ha ! ! ! i talked them up to a $ 50 credit , which almost covered the $ 55 i spent on gas . my impression is that dollar will do anything for a buck , even put customers in unsafe cars . and the way customer service treated me was just insulting . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would like to add that this garbage business contacted me , but once i sent all of my info , no further contact . why am i mot surprised ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "india market 's close proximity to unlv and my need for some papadam is what drew me in . right west of india market is another shopping center that is extremely similar , except for the fact that this center has no open businesses . this confused me at first , but quickly discovered india market was located in the next door shopping center . i personally would not come to this area again at night time . it was a little sketchy and i rushed myself into the store . inside are small , cramped aisles of snacks , bottles of sauces , tons of rice grains , produce , and frozen foods . it was packed with people too ! nonetheless , the man and lady at he register were quick to help me find what i needed . i will definitely be back to get canned korma sauce for easy lunches and some frozen foods too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like this store . the owner gopal , does a fantastic job of carrying everything you 'd need for an indian meal , or indian household . the spice selection is fantastic and for the most part , organized . the produce is pretty legit . lot of `` unusual '' items like dragonfruit , and fresh okra . get creative . google their uses . you 'd be surprised . lots of different rices and flours for any carb-friendly palate . if you do a lot of indian grocery shopping , and you find that this store is missing an item , tell the owner . he 'll have it there by the next day or so . excellent customer service . one last note , check out the snack aisle . all kinds of amazing stuff . and most of it is buy 2 get 1 free . ca n't beat that ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its an ok ethnic grocery store . being an india , i like to munch of some traditional indian snack . they have lot of these , however it seems like they are not as fresh as rani on west side of lv . i must have found 5 things that were had expired on shelf and i had to notify the store owner . some of the food items are fresh , but the prices tend to be bit higher . overall , if you do n't want to drive to the other side of the town , than this store is a alright option for you to shop at . if you want to get quality food than go to rani , they also serve freshly made indian cuisine .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just got back from my quick visit . i could n't find a place around henderson that sold the patak 's brand curry paste from india so i found this little market on the internet . much to my surprise i found a plethora of other amazing exotic products from india as well . truly a very unique and rare find here in the henderson las vegas nevada area . the store is located in a bit of a ruff neighborhood but the people inside are very nice and helpful . here are some pictures as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . it has what i need . parathas especially from kawanku . gopal did a good job at expanding his business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would give this a 2 star . the place is just disorganized . lots of products and lots of different brands . there is a huge parking in front . they close at 8 p.m .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i know this is n't the biggest indian market in town , but i still really like coming here ! first of all , they provide really friendly customer service - this place just has a good vibe . also , their produce section is great - fresh shipments comes in every tuesday , thursday and saturday . they also carry some items that i have n't seen at any other indian market in town , like this mangalorean specialty called kori roti ( a kind of thin crispy rice bread ) . this market is well stocked , everything has price tags and they treat you well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "how how how ? ? how can it get a 5 and 4 star . this really is such a run down place . as usual most of the products are expired . please beware and check the expiry date on everything . the vegetables look stale and rotten . onions are the worst affected , not sure how can people eat that . unfortunately this and another indian store are the only ones around . so you dont have a choice . you are better off eating buffet or dining out at may indian restaurants on the strip .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i go to this store occasionally to buy some spices which i can not get in other places . the price here is one of the highest in las vegas with low-average quality goods . be careful to read the bill before you leave , i have been charged of goods i never bought . personally i wont suggest this store if you are looking for quality items at cheap or moderate price because they do n't offer either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great market for spices . do n't expect too good customer service but you will get what you need at wholesale prices . most restaurants come here to buy their spices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to india market just the other day because my friend had raved about . the place is a bit hidden on the gps but well worth the trip . do not expect this place be fancy or high class because its not , its a you 're average imported food mart , the store is absolutely packed with such awesome inventory , they have a large section of frozen indian food , a section of all sorts of indian imported veggies , fruits and spices . i purchased a huge half pound bag of turmeric powder and besan flour ( garbanzo flour ) for just $ 12 total and that my friends is a deal , turmeric spice is very expensive and hard to come across . i do like this store very much , they also have an imported section for cosmetics and toiletries such as henna hair dyes and creams .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a bengali and love my hilsa fish . to my surprise , this gujrati-run store actually carries meat & fish and the non-vegetable section is quite extensive . kudos to gopal , the proprietor !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is cluttered , in an unimaginably grotty strip mall , and infinitely fascinating . they have a nice selection of salwar kameez ( the womens ' tunic pant sets ) , a huge selection of heat-and-eat dishes , fresh produce , grains , spices , indian pickles of every description , and some lovely looking sweets in a cooler counter right by the front door . if you want a more westernized shopping experience , head for the indian market in the target shopping center at maryland parkway and flamingo , but if you want something more adventurous and a larger selection , shop here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best indian grocceries in las vegas . gopal and his family always take care tge customers personally . very nice and clean place too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been in several times and have always gotten great service . they are very helpful and have made some great suggestions for items i would be interested in introducing me to some quick short cuts for great dishes that allow me to make some of the things i love more frequently because i can use new products that i did n't know about . they also have a great selection of produce and a great frozen isle which means i can take healthy good stuff to work for lunch . i have been to some other markets that sell foods and items from india and have not been treated well at all and appreciate that this market is welcoming and friendly to people from all cultures . it was great to feel that though i am not from india that the staff is excited and open about sharring their culture and great food with me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for the first time yesterday ( 1 6 12 ) to get some papada and chutney . the staff was very helpful in giving me suggestions about what flavors they had and where things were . as others have noted , the store is very cluttered . it seems like they have almost any indian food product you could want . there are non-food items , too . this was my first foray in the india market but i 'll be back to buy some curries and make my own dishes at home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go here to pick up specific indian veggies that are not available at the regular grocery stores , as well as dry lentils and beans , pickles and spices ! initially , the store was a bit disorganized but they have done a good job organizing the place . we try to go midweek as they get fresh veggies on tuesday and saturday ( i think ! ) almost everything is available here and the owners are very customer oriented and quickly help us find anything we can not locate ourselves . they have a delicious aisle full of indian snacks available in bags ( the alternative to the potato chip ) . as well , you can find different varieties of indian bread-naan , tandoori roti , parantha etc . as well as deserts . i 've also seen ethopian injera bread being sold here-though never tried it ! i do find that their pricing for some items is a bit higher though . overall , a decent place to pick up indian groceries close to home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst blow out of my life . i told the stylist `` i have very straight , flat hair , so i just want a little wave , with some volume on top '' and ended up with huge curly poofy clown hair . when i told her that was n't ok , she brushed it out and slicked down my hair with product so the top was flat and oily and the bottom was crazy curly - you know , that style no one has ever requested or wanted ? the opposite of what i had asked for ? i do n't know , at least the place was clean and they were polite - besides charging me to make me look ridiculous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to go here quite frequently after finding a great stylist . unfortunately , everyone else discovered the stylist as well so it 's very hard to get an appointment . tried a couple of others and disappointed every time . last time sealed the deal though . had to wait for 20 minutes because the stylist was late . i was sitting for 10 minutes with wet hair waiting for her . when she got there , she did a very rough job and i had to stop her multiple times because it was so painful either from burning or pulling . the owners were there . they could n't care less . never coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "seriously all they do is blowouts.. and she didnt even get it right.gave me frizz and dead beat curls.i never complain but that was just ridiculous", "score": "2"}
{"review": "beautiful salon with a wonderful owner who made planning a fun bachelorette celebration really easy and enjoyable . for a reasonable cost per person , we were able to close the salon to just our private party of seven where three stylists got to work while we had champagne and crudite all ready and set up for us to enjoy . ( they even decorated with some special bachelorette signs and balloons ) . the bride-to-be loved it all and while the degree of everyone 's satisfaction with the actual blowouts styles were all over the spectrum , the overall experience was really nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very clean and modern space . courteous staff . i got very good cut and good bayalage . staff took their time , offered tea and prices were reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "5 stars for : - impeccable products -great service - expertise in hair ( especially very curly hair ) - the first salon to incorporate wireless , chargers for phones , and ipad usage during your blow dry - beautifully designed storefront -", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have really enjoyed coming to dr. bret kubricht for treatment . i feel so much better than when i first came to him . he is honest , knowledgeable , and very caring and a good chiropractor . i never feel rushed or pressured . he cares about the well being of his patients . the staff is warm and very welcoming . i would highly recommend dr. kubricht to friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. kubricht and his staff are awesome . i came in with chronic back pain and was a little skeptical after my previous chiropractor had n't helped . after a detailed exam with x-rays , dr kubricht explained what was wrong with my back he offered different options for care that fit my schedule . his goal is to not only get the pain relieved , but to prevent it from returning . he had me do exercises , get adjustments , and do traction . one thing i liked was the other patients in there were doing different exercises which made me realize each plan is individualized and not cookie cutter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the first chiropractor i 've ever been to because i 've always been skeptical about the benefits of it . i have had back pain for years and always get `` stuck '' when i lay or sit down for too long . i 'm only 22 years old so it was frustrating to have constant back pain . i went to see dr. kubricht at prosperity chiropractic and he did an x ray and found that i have a curved spine . ive been going here for about a month now and ca n't even tell you how much better i 've been feeling . right now i 'm going 3 days a week but i 'm positive that i 'll be able to start going less often now that my back is improving . the doctor and his staff are always so friendly and i feel like family there . i would recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't come here ! had to move my car twice because pumps were out of order . fix your pumps ! this is ridiculous . it 's on a busy busy corner , it 's dirty and scary and i wo n't be back . completely annoyed and when you 're in a hurry to get somewhere the least they can do is maintain the pumps properly and clean the place up .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a gas station . has your needs of gas , snacks , liquids , car stuff and home stuff . oh yeah and slot machines . the workers here are nice and alright . what can you ask for they are helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great gas ! haha i go there a lot because i live around the corner but friendly staff..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i took four girls here before my wedding . they did a great job , but i spent too much time justifying why i wanted what i wanted . sorry , i do n't care if i want each nail a different color , i 'm paying for a luxury service and do n't need someone 's opinion interjected every 5 minutes . i wanted a french manicure so i had something classic for my wedding pictures , my manicurist told me it was `` dated '' and did n't have the supplies to do it until i blatantly said `` i have never been to any nail salon that does n't have supplies for a french manicure '' . i do n't care if i want my nails painted poop brown , the manicurist opinion does n't matter . everyone except one person had the same problem . i would have loved to spend my time visiting with my girls that flew 2500 miles to spend time with me instead of justifying my decisions to someone i have never met .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best place to go in north scottsdale . my whole family goes to the same gal and she somehow works wonders on us all . the service is wonderful , the atmosphere is relaxing , and staci is the absolute best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i followed my hairstylist , jenn botto over here from her old salon . she does an absolutely amazing job on my hair and is an extremely sweet girl and i would refer anyone to get their hair done by her ! ! go see her ! ! you wo n't be disappointed ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my hair cut today by jenn . she did an excellent job and i 'm very pleased with it . would definitely recommend this salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice salon in trendy dc ranch . very professional but friendly and relaxed . will visit here again next time i 'm in the area . thanks diane ! i love my hair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "viktoria is the best esthetician in the world ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i have been going to her for years but recently moved to the east coast and if i had the money i would seriously fly back every time i needed a wax just for her . absolutely a miracle woman she takes her time and is perfection ! ! ! ! highly highly recommend ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely adore this place . i 've gone to staci for years and receive compliments even when my highlights have grown out after awhile because it blends so beautifully . same goes for jenn b. , i just love her too ! these ladies sure know how to make you feel relaxed and lovely by perfectly replicating the latest styles or anything you wish with ease . i trust them to do whatever they want and love it every time . styling is truly effortless . i also wo n't let anyone other than victoria near my eyebrows - my goodness does seeing her make me feel like a new woman ! she is a true artist . donna , the owner , is an absolute doll and so very professional . all of the front desk whether new or those who have been there for awhile always recognize my voice over the phone , check me in when they see me , and are so friendly . so grateful i found this place ! always uplifting to come in . will be a lifer : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "give this place a chance ! ! i am super picky with how my hair is trimmed , layered , blended , and styled . im more than happy . super friendly environment . very professional . definitely going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love the salon ... .jonelle williams is such a great stylist . love my hair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was here visiting for the first time from out of state and wanted more color in my hair . jamie was my colorist and i told her what i wanted and she knew exactly what to do . it turned out just how i wanted . she also told me what to tell my stylist back home to do . she was also very helpful in places to go and see in the area . will definitely go back to her again when i visit . the only reason for the 4 stars is because they have students that wash and dry your hair when done . that took as long as the color , but everyone has to learn .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "go see jenn b. at par exsalonce ! she has been doing my extensions for months now and i could n't be happier with the results ! she 's the sweetest girl with a great personality , and your hair will always be looking good ! you will be glad you went to see her : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how did i go my whole life without knowing about this place ? discounted prices mon to thurs . weekday mornings or early afternoons are best for no lineups and hardly any other patrons . paid 35 for my son and myself to play all day . best to bring socks just in case . dated but clean and well maintained . staff prioritize safety which is great . you can stay on the rides instead of getting out to wait in line . great for younger kids like 3 to 5 years old . plenty of parking clean bathrooms and lockers available . my little guy loved it . will be back on a rainy day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's winter , it 's 18 below , it 's salty and dirty outside . your kids are going crazy locked up inside and you 're starting to lose it as a result . this is the place for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wish we had more indoor amusement parks in the city . this place is great for the kids . just the right amount of did options . they have a few fair style winning booths . face painting , pop corn and cotton candy booth . would definitely recommend getting the family pass instead of the tickets works out the tickets because you have to sit with your child in 90 % of the rides .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here since i was a little girl so i love that i can now bring my kids here . what i honestly find so amazing about this place is that no matter how busy it is the line ups always move quite well . i would say that this place is not really for children over 8 but with that being said you can really create some wonderful memories for your little ones here . i find the prices quite reasonable and i just love their cotton candy . i have n't eaten anything besides that so i really ca n't comment on their food choices but i 'm sure their good too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had my son 's 3rd bday party here . we booked a room for 1.5 hours . i was a bit dissatisfied at first that they only give you 15 minutes for set up , but when i got there i realized why . they set up balloons and party hats for you and the rooms are colorful so it does n't require much . so that was nice . we brought a cake from the shop downstairs and that was so convenient . the only issue i had was that the room was on an upper lever with no elevator so it was a challenge for those with strollers and for me to bring up my wagon with food . if some has a relative or friend in a wheelchair , they would n't be able to attend the party ! : ( the service was great . the people that work there are on top of their game . making sure you 're okay and take care of . the kids had such an amazing time on all the rides ! made me happy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantasy fair was a staple of my childhood and i 'm happy to say that i 'm proud to bring my daughter to experience a unique indoor amusement park . i was really impressed with the new rides , it 's always nice to see a business that puts money back into the business . the staff were well dressed , clean and very attentive to their rides . i had to ask a employee where the washroom was and he took the time to walk me and my daughter to the washrooms . the washrooms and the whole park were very clean and there was staff cleaning throughout my stay . all rides were running smoothly and seemed well maintained . the pricing was very reasonable . i definitely felt like i got my money worth . overall we had a great experience and we will definitely be returning . i inquired about my daughters next birthday party as i seen multiple party rooms that would accommodate a children 's party quite nicely . if your in the toronto etobicoke area be sure to check out fantasy fair at woodbine mall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great indoor amusement park . my kiddos they super like here . you can celebrate here the next birthday party of your kids . they have a party rooms . we used to come here every weekend . lot 's of games , rides etc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son 's shoes got stolen ! ! ! ! ! i could n't believe it . it was a pair of brand new shoes i deliberately put inside my boots knowing the risk of convenience to steal if i just leave it in the shoes cubbies ( play village ) . but guess what ? ! people took them from my boots ! i ca n't believe people would steal kids shoes ! i mean the place is located near a rough neighborhood what can i say just do n't expect too much from the adults as well as their kids ! would never go back again ! we travelled all the way from markham and it was a very disappointed and frustrated experience !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my kids loved it.. 3 , 4 , 7 year old.. perfect for a raining day or let the kids run around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "keeping in mind that this place is suited for younger children , this place is terrific . sure , it 's a fairly dated space , but for about $ 15- $ 20 a kid can have a blast here , with several options . the slide play area is huge , and my son was having the time of his life in here . there 's several other rides you 'd expect like a kiddie train , plane ride , bumper cars and so on . it may not be the ultimate destination , and do n't look to this place as a bonafide theme park . but , for an indoor ( all-weather ) play place for kids 10 and under , this is probably tops in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it here . clean , well maintained and it seems they keep the areas quite safe too , which is a huge plus . i know , sounds like a low bar -- but i 've been to many play places that do n't have as many staff keeping an eye out as this place . we went on a monday and it was great . no lineups , lots of fun . my kids aged 2 and 4 had a blast . highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place for kids and families to have fun . prices are reasonable and it 's even better with a coupon . rides are entertaining for kids , specifically for kids from 5-10 . i recommend the tornado ride , it 's super fun . the staff are helpful . when i asked where the washroom was , they answered politely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic for young kids . i mean what 's better than an indoor amusement park you can visit in the winter ? it 's especially good for toddlers for which activities are hard to find . here they can go on many of the rides . plus , the play structure is large and very nice and adults can accompany their kids . do n't bother buying single tickets for individual rides - get the play-all-you-can bracelet - the price is reasonable . i think this place gets quite busy on the weekends , so beware . there 's an ice cream store right on the premise if you really want your children to be bouncing off the walls .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a blast from the past from my childhood . in desperate need of some upkeep . the train which was a favorite as a kid was great to take my son on . super ghetto mall too , with a very interesting crowd . big line ups to get tickets on the weekend too . i do n't think i will be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so here 's how it went : i sent a message to domestic landscape through yelp on wednesday saying i needed a gashed water line repaired . he gave me a quote which was literally half what the competition was charging . he said he could come by on friday after his 9am appointment . so , 9am sharp on friday there 's a knock on the door . ca n't be the sprinkler repair guy , he had a 9am appointment . yup , it 's him . not to start the job , but to let me know it 's already finished . and i was charged exactly what the estimate said it would be . he even walked me through properly setting my watering timer . no nonsense , great service . i 'm a customer for life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a positive experience with domestic landscape . bill took care of everything and made things happen , he 's a straight shooter and cares about customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so impressed by how quick and efficient the domestic landscape team worked . i called same day and they were over to fix a pipe in about 10 minutes . the price was very reasonable . the team was very knowledgeable and answered the few questions i had about my irrigation system . i would defiantly use them again . thanks for everything !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "reasonable ! proactive ! reliable ! he asked me if i wanted him to look at my water irrigation clock and i 'm so glad he did . we were overwatering and watering at incorrect times . bill and his crew are proactive to ensure that things we did n't correct were right . domestic landscape did a fantastic job in a short amount of time . i am now on their rotation for regular maintenance . i 've had awesome companies do my landscape from yelp , and you can even see my reviews with them . but bill is definitely the best of the best - he should get 100 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bill , his father , son , and helpers did a fantastic landscaping job ! they were very dependable and did a great job communicating . they went above and beyond and fixed every issue . their rates are very reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bill was awesome ! down to earth guy who explained everything and made sure i was happy every step of the way . my backyard needed a big cleanup and also put in some turf . his estimate came in much lower than the other i had gotten and his work was top notch . would definitely recommend for anyone needing any landscaping done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met with the big guy who calls himself greg went over our bankruptcy info told us he will refund us the money if we were to change our mind but it had to be before petition ! well i ended up divorcing my husband and had to move to another state , kept on making payments then they told me they could not file while i was in a different state ! requested my money back and this fat jerk told me that he used all my 500 i paid on legal questions and answers wtf . he is a bastard that 's all i can say ! do n't trust him unless u all have it on the paper ! pisses me off because he did n't even file anything nor had my info and told me that bull shit ! hope karma gets him and all their lying office assistants !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this guy handled ... well he did this very poorly . he attempted to handle a legal matter for my wife . his office closed down and did not finish the paper work . no one picked up the pieces to make sure the paperwork was done correctly . yes he became ill but he had other lawyers in his office that could have helped . we ended up paying even more through our noses because of the inefficiency of his office .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "last year i was at a complete loss for whom to call for help with my divorce . i started out using a paralegal , but there were just too many legal details for me to deal with and questions to be answered . luckily , i was referred to malkin & associates . my attorney was kevin vale . kevin was knowledgeable , patient and smart about the case . he answered all of my questions and gave me all of the options before moving forward . even when he disagreed , he listened to my reasoning and moved forward with my choices . the cost is an absolute bargain ... which i found out after talking to friends who paid 4x as much and are still not done with their divorce proceedings . thanks to kevin , i am done and not broke ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i used malkin & associates for help on a chapter 7 bankruptcy . the office was very helpful , and answered all my questions . ( no matter how silly they might 've seemed ) without their help my wages would be garnished for the business debt that i owed . i had gone to two other bk attny 's prior to finding malkin and assoc . both said i could n't file bk due to my income being to high . only malkin and assoc was able to see the real problem and help me file as chapter 7.. thanks again greg !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ran into some issues , but ryan provided excellent customer service and rectified everything to our satisfaction . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . they cleaned my day spa on a short notice . we asked for a deep clean , and when they say `` deep '' they mean it . the crew was here for almost 7 hrs ! definitely will be using their commercial cleaning service on a bi annual basis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all i would like to say thank you for a great job well done . i had to move my schedule due to early delivery and they are so flexible with our time , the 2 women came to clean are very honorable and trust worthy . we had a deep cleaning and wow ! they are awesome cleaning the entire house , we will definitely use this company on our next home cleaning . you wo n't regret choosing them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had someone cleaning my house every day for 19 years until two months ago . i kept up on the big stuff myself , but with the holidays approaching , i decided to bring someone in to help with the things i 'm not able to get to . i found tiny casa on yelp , and i think i 'm in love . the online booking process , timely arrival of the friendly and professional crew , and cheerful check-in call during service were only superseded by my sparkling house and its amazing fresh smell when the crew was finished . it did take longer than anticipated , but i am confident future visits will be easier to predict . love . tiny . casa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best ! ! i am afraid to do anything in my apartment after they leave , everything is so pristine for an amazing price too ! feels like coming home to a resort . i am telling everyone i know and ca n't wait to have them come out once per month !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they got my house spic and span before i rented it out , and i 'll definitely be using them again after my renter moves out ! great service , no complaints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked into my home the cleanliness was felt in the air . highly recommend . will use them monthly from now on well worth it\u203cthey missed my laundry room ryan was prompt and offered to get it done immediately .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! the website to schedule service is super easy , the cleaning staff is prompt and capable and the cleaning service was awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great quality of work . i forgot how white my walls and doors could be ! they even organized areas that needed a little tlc . will definitely use them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used them few days ago . i tried several different cleaning service in town and tidy casa was the best . i was at work at the time of cleaning so i would not be able to see actual process , but i could tell they did really great job when i get home . the service was exactly same as described on their website . i made another cleaning scheduled for next month , and i will definitely use them continuously .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very impressed with tidy casa . gloria and her team came and did a fantastic job in an hour , which is impressive because i have a two bedroom two bath apartment , and two cats who 's job it is to produce fur . i liked that they did not charge by the hour , they charged by the for the job . i had cleaning services before where they would charge for the hour and boy did they take their sweet time . not here , and this was important if you do n't want someone cleaning your house for four hours . they did it in an hour , did the same job , and everything was spotless . i highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am fully satisfied with the work that was put in to cleaning my house . i got a basic cleaning as a surprise for my wife and when she got home from work our 2500 sq ft home was as clean as it 's ever been . i will use tidy class again without hesitation !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic ! booking is simple . i got a call back that day verifying all the info . they worked around my schedule and were right on time . they did a great job cleaning up my house ( a one time cleanup for sales ) . i 'll use them again and highly recommend them . tidy casa , you 're fantastic , thanks again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used this company for the past year . i used to schedule on short notice so did n't always have the same people . all of the persons they have sent have been excellent . i now have them scheduled monthly and have the same cleaners each month . i highly recommend tidy casa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tidy casa is a great company to work for . their crews are timely , friendly and do a superb job . the people a tc send reminders and then follow up to make sure you are satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , great , great company ! ryan and his crews treat you like family from the first time you pick up the phone and call them . your house will be cleaned from top to bottom and there will be no stone left unturned !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found tidy casa while searching yelp for another cleaning company with a similar name . while not finding anything on the other company , i decided to give tidy casa a try . amazing is the only word that i can use . dark tile + a dirt backyard = messy floors . they were spotless ! veronica and her team have been amazing ! i just had my third monthly cleaning and every month i 'm amazed at how clean my house can be ( i can never get it to look like they do ) ! the little touches they do are so thoughtful . after the first time meeting veronica i felt comfortable enough to just leave a key so she can get in and out herself while i 'm at work . i 've recommended them more times than i can count and will continue to do so ! thanks tidy casa for making my life easier ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far tidy casa has been amazing ! ! ! first time , i scheduled a deep clean plus fridge cleaning : o-m-g ... .super clean ! ! the team was courteous and walked with me through the house so they could prepare . i still can not believe the got our shower doors so clear and sparkling . it was nice to have a tidy home after work ... thanks tidy casa !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have used this service twice same crew leader and i am highly satisfied with their work . i will continue to use and would recommend to anyone looking for house cleaners . i would suggest that you open all rooms to be cleaned as you are being charged by square footage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "straight forward pricing , pleasant staff , they finished fast and did a good job . great website , easy to set up your appointment online and add extras if you wish . they had to cancel due to an illness , but rescheduled for the next morning . follow-up call to make sure everything was satisfactory is a nice touch . it is hard to find good housecleaners , but tidy casa does a great job .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service ! they were early and did an amazing job ! would definitely use them again and recommend them to friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic work ! i can always tell when a cleaner cuts corners and does not take their time . this company did a thorough job of my rental unit . great price and fast communication . you feel like they really value your business . will definitely use again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used tidy casa many times and have been happy each time . its easy to book online , crew shows up on time and does an excellent job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are efficient , friendly , good with pets , and a joy to have in our home . the company 's pricing is fair , and when the cleaner does n't spend as much time to clean our home , the price is adjusted accordingly . this is true customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the instantest oil change places i 've been to and i 've been to plenty . i prefer valvoline products but prefer not to pay super premium prices for them so seeing this place right up the road from my new work is good for me . not the chattiest crew but they are fast and efficient and that 's why i 'm here . usually takes a while to actually drain the oil so they get all the other stuff done in the mean time : check wipers , lights , fluid levels , filters , other lights and levels , tire pressures , and that sort of thing . no up-selling , no pressure , no problem . i got a printed copy of the check list thing , and used my e-coupon , and got a 5000-mile reminder sticker on the windshield , and was back on the road so soon that evening traffic was still a horror show .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fast courteous and convenient . not the cheapest place in town but great customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "usually pretty quick getting in and out . they are not too pushy with upselling . i brought in a used car and they were very good to educate me on some emerging issues i was not aware of that need to be addressed . i could have got a 2nd opinion by going to the manufacturers dealer , but they were very competent to explain the current state and risks . got a good discount for getting multiple services . they seemed to have fun while doing it too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very long wait ... .for a tire pressure check .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took my granddaughters car there 3 weeks ago for the high mileage oil change . cost $ 66.00 that day . today cost me $ 595.00 for engine repairs because the oil they oil they put in was too thin and did not protect the engine . also the teens working were too busy staring her down to even hear me when i ask them 2 different questions about the service . i would never take my car to them nor would i recommend their service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is definitely my go-to spot for hk cafe style food . i would definitely recommend during their afternoon tea times . the same amazing food , off a smaller menu , for an even better price . my favorites include their pork cutlet sandwich bun , french toast , and guilan style noodles . their afternoon tea also comes with a drink . afternoon tea is from approximately 2:30-5:30 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't think they 're as good as they used to be , but i still really love the pork cutlet bun \u732a\u6252\u5305\u3002the food comes relatively fast in fairly large portions . comimg here several times , i noticed that each waiter is different in terms of their level of politeness . one of them is extremely well mannered , while another waiter was extremely rude .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is great but the food is not that spectacular . it 's your typical hong kong style cafe food . i ordered a ham and cheese sandwich and the waitress asked me if i wanted the bread toasted or not . i said no because they charge you a quarter for toasted bread ! like w.t.f. ? the sandwich came on a platter with no garnish . the cheese was processed . the wife ordered a pork cutlet bun which was better than my sandwich . i do n't know ... .there is just something about this place , i wo n't come back here again . there are better places for this type of food in scarborough .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my go to place for hk style cafe food and it 's usually a 30min drive but they are usually quite consistent . the prices are very budget friendly and the service and food exceed the price that they are charging . my recommendation usually follows or rotate as -gaiyuan toast -house special pork chop rice -fish fillet bun -chicken steak with peppercorn gravy on spaghetti -oxtail in a rose sauce -portuguese casserole on rice service is polite and quite efficient", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here to kill some time as my car was being serviced across the street . so i had to do a solo mission : ( inside is surprisingly spacious and lighting is really dim for some reason like they trying to save on the electricity bill . its no romantic fancy restaurant or anything , just simply a hk style cafe . ordered the spaghetti and meat sauce with an iced milk tea for $ 11 which comes with a side soup . tasted good and drink was refreshing . service was also very efficient .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the better hk style cafes ! its not as fancy as phoenix , but i much prefer here . service is the same as you would expect at any chinese cafe , you just have to be less sensitive ; they are friendly overall . funny if you get their sense of humour . anyway , they are fast , delicious , and always open ! theres a reason they have been opened for so long and always packed ! milk tea is a must . food is pretty common , no wow factor but it fills you up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg i 've been coming here for at least 15 years since i was a little kid with my parents ( even way pre renovation and with different management i think ) . this is my absolute favorite hk cafe . the food portions are large , and i have n't had any failed dishes yet . the taste is better than other places . the hk milk tea is also pretty strong ... . just the way i like it . i like their tea time specials because almost full size dishes + drink costs no more than $ 6 for a really hearty meal . ca n't go wrong with the food . sometimes when it is busy it can get pretty dirty though ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really loved what i got today . usually i only like a couple dishes from a place but today , i tried a hong kong classic : egg foo yung on rice . for a price of $ 9.25 , i got this giant omelette with some toppings inside : bean sprouts , cha siu ( bbq pork ) , a tiny bit of green onion , and chinese mushroom slices . it was lovely and filling . everything tasted like how it should . eggs were eggy , and i like that they added mushroom slices because it really elevated the complexity of the taste . it also comes with a little bowl of sauce that is supposed to go with it , but i tried it and it was better without it . i totally recommend this dish ! also , the air ventilation is meh here . table across us ordered those grilled steaks on teppanyaki plates and the smell permeated the whole dining area . goodbye , clothes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time going to the restaurant , the restaurant inside is actually bigger than i thought because outside looks small . food arrived quick , portion is not as much as some other hong kong style cafe that i go to . food taste i will give them 7.5 10 . service is quick and utensils seem clean to me . i will go back some other time and maybe it deserves a higher rating .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "average hk style cafe . it 's tucked into a little plaza right next to servicecanada . came in on a thursday night with a party of 3 and it was fairly empty . they have this deal where if you buy $ 30 you get a pork-chop rice for free . 1 . oxtail in red wine with rice - the sauce was generous and very creamy ; the oxtail was not cooked for not long enough and was very chewy ) : 2 . hainese chicken with rice - this was actually not bad ; the hainese `` flavour '' you usually get from the chicken but it was very passable . 3 . french toast - yum . the french toast was thick and huuuuugeeee . it was warm and doughy - the perfect way to destroy your carbs for the day . 4 . pork chop rice - ehhhhh ... 2 huge pieces of pork with rice . for it being free it was pretty good . it came with gravy and filled me pretty well . this wo n't be my a option - i still feel new city restaurant is my place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "above average price . i waited a long time for them to serve the food . not recommended .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i tried his restaurant a few times now and this is one of the best for chinese food . the service is good with manners . speaks cantonese . the food are not cheap . they use a lot of everything in you dish . i have to say it 's a 5 star for the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "offers great hong kong cha chan tang food . the classics such as bolognese spaghetti and fried french toast are excellent . i wo n't rate the place as 5 stars because the lighting is really dim in the restaurant and the place smells . the restaurant offers traditional chinese dish ( smelly bamboo shoot ) that appeals to the older generation . however , the smell can be quite overwhelming and unappetizing . you can definitely smell it once you enter the restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here for the breadfast\uff0cthey send the newspaper for free\uff0cthats good for kill the time . actually not too much choice for breadfast\uff0cbut reasonable prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place used to be good but not sure if theyve started making a bit of profit but the service has gotten really bad . the waitresses here reply us with such a bitchy tone . food is expensive and their portions have gotten a lot smaller . if i could , i wouldnt even give them tips . why should i pay $ 7 for a small ass breakfast and have waitresses walking around with a bitchy and arrogant look and be expected to give them tips ? this place is fucking shit now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i come here for their afternoon tea special . the dish i like the most at this restaurant is their pork chop bun . they breaded their pork instead of just frying the pork naked which really makes its that much more delicious . whenever i come here with my family , we have to order this dish because it 's that good ! on the other hand , the service here is n't the best which discourages us from going out of our way just for the sandwich .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "open later than most hk cafe in the immediate area . so perfect for late night dinner . however they do n't offer free soup or hot drink ( milk tea coffee ) like others . taste and portion are spot on , looks small on the dish they use , but will defiantly fill you up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "golden horse is a typical hk style cafe with plenty of lunch dinner options that include a drink , entree and a soup . it can get quite loud in here with all the hustle and bustle of the staff trying to serve all the tables . the price of the food is slightly higher than other hk style cafes in the area , but the presentation and taste of the food is definitely better . the parking in this plaza is very limited and can be hard to get a spot during weekend lunch times . the wait for tables is quite long as well with barely any standing space in the doorway as they try to maximize the seating area . i believe they are opening a new location at major mackenzie & leslie ( drove by ) ..hopefully there will be shorter wait times there !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "definitely one of the better hk cafes i 've been to in terms of taste , but also one of the pricier ones . most of their dishes do not include a drink with its pricing like other places and it 's also $ 1.50 extra to make it a cold drink ( expensive for just a few ice cubes- other places are usually $ 1.00 ) . when i come here i usually order the house special baked pork chop with spaghetti . it 's the best place to have it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fast hong kong style restaurant , not expensive and service is ok . i like guilin noodles", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place used to be decent but now it 's complete crap . the price for food here is ridiculous especially considering the portion size . on top of that the service is terrible . i highly recommend you do n't visit this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is basically a hk fast food , but i think i 've had better . they 've earned my first 1 star rating ! ! ! the baked pork chop on rice was just fried rice with tomato soup and melted cheese , not exactly what i call baked . the deep fried chicken wings with fries ( $ 5.25 ) had more oil than the fryer ! msg was at an all time high ! hk style milk tea and lemon coke just did n't cut it . well i do n't think i 'll be coming back anytime soon . ( i 'll be at the other places fixing my impression of hk fast food ! )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my family really likes this place and i can not figure out why . maybe because i do n't like chinese food in general ( check my check-ins haha ) . i ordered a potato noodle with lamb meat ( my mom bullied me into ordering it actually ) , she got the sticky rice and my brother got the pork chop sandwich . the food is alright i mean , if i 'll eat it if i 'm hungry but if i had a choice , i would definitely not come here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "taking away the +.5 for service after last night . despite the restaurant being only 50 % full ( it was 10pm after all ) , we were ignored for the first 10 minutes despite the fact we were ready for our order . i ordered spaghetti with bacon and cream sauce . however , i noticed there was a lack of parsley , so i wanted a little more , except the waitress said it costs extra to put more parsley . okay ... have n't heard that before . the spaghetti and bacon were average , but the cream sauce was way too creamy , to the point i could n't finish since the sauce made me so stuffed . this is the only hk style caf\u00e9 in the area open past 10pm , which means if i 'm in the area looking for a late snack i do n't have much of a choice . however in no way would i go out of my way to come here ( plus , merging back to hwy 7 can be a nightmare ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "how do i not give them 1 star ? smells like a butt hole ... with poo hanging out of it ... not willing to let go ... good is n't exceptional . a lot of waitresses , but they half ass everythimg you ask for . i do n't want to say anymore . just do n't come here ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this used to be a regular hk cafe spot for me a long time ago in the mid-90s . despite changing the decor and its chinese name , it 's kept the same english name and updated their menu a bit . overall - decent food , okay service . the people seem really unhappy working here . you ask for things and they do n't acknowledge you as they walk away , so you 're never sure if they got your order . you wait for your dishes , and you just hope that they put your order in or did n't forget about you . no one smiles . the food is decent though - they 've got good lunch specials that come with a soup and a drink for under $ 8 . the portions are large - so i always have enough to take home . they take credit card , and you should probably make a reservation if you 're going during peak food times - the place is packed !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good service . fairly priced for lunch . good portion with soup of the day and choice of coffee or tea . you get a free chinese newspaper too ... if you can read it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meh . another mediocre hk cafe . the interior is so run down and looks like its from the '90s . the food is overpriced compared to other newer , more modern hk cafes . service is what you would expect from a chinese restaurant . i came here coz another restaurant i wanted to go to was too packed , this place makes me wish i had waited in line instead . i had the tofu with fish on rice , it was very underwhelming and for $ 11+ tax , better off going to congee wong or keungs delight .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "golden horse = pork chop rice ! this is my all-time favourite order . just enough tomato sauce on top of a bed of yellow rice . the portions are large and sometime enough to bring for lunch the next day . their potato salad has an hk twist . more fruit and less westernized mayo ( think a water down version of miracle whip ) golden horse is your classic hk cafe with your choice of hot drink , soup ( usually vegetable or whatever asian soup of the day they have ) , and your entree . cold drinks will add on an extra $ 1 . golden horse has more choices ontop of your normal hk cafe orders . they have started to offer korean dishes as well as more westernized options ( ie . smoked salmon on ceasar salad - the smoked salmon is very salty fyi ) . during lunch time and weekend morning breakfast times , it is difficult to get a parking spot as there are not a whole lot of spots outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my go-to hk style cafe in markham . there are quite a few hk style cafes around the area but something always brings me back to golden horse . their staffs are always friendly and the food for me has always been on point . it 's very spacious inside with a lot of booth seating which i really like . students get a free bubble tea drink with your meal if you show your student id . they have a wide selection of food items on their menu that i have yet to try , so i 'll definitely continue to return to golden horse .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a pretty standard hk style cafe that offers favourites such as the pork cutlet bun and portuguese style chicken on rice . we usually get the gui lin noodles which is pretty good here especially because it comes in a large portion and topped with a lots of minced meat , tomatoes and preserved veggies . the soup base is very rich as well which is great for a cold winter day . their menu items are pretty pricey i would say , and do n't come with drinks unless it is during afternoon tea . the staff are generally nice and not pushy , however parking can be a nightmare .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here couple of times for lunch and dinner and i love it . today i tried their breakfast but find nothing special . ordered trotter rice noodle soup , beef satay vermicelli soup , beef tenderloin rice noodle soup and luncheon meat with fried egg instant noodle for my family of 4 . it all comes with a choice of hk milk tea , coffee , lemon tea or soy milk . a set of order is not more than $ 8 . after finishing everything its time tp walk it off as we are all very full .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "come here once in a while . used to come here more often but the prices keep increasing , service getting worse and parking here is really bad . my husband always gets the old buddies soup noodles . i personally do n't like the soup base , it smells bad because of the bamboo shoots , that they put in it . but my husband likes the taste . i usually get the fried fish cutlet with rice . my husbands ' food always comes first and he has usually eaten at least 80 % by the time my food comes . it really peeves me off , as i 'm a slow eater anyways . this place is usually always packed at lunch and you might need to wait for a table . food is decent but if you 're spending at least $ 9 + tax and tip , for lunch specials , there 's lots of other options around .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tried this place a few weeks back , i 've always passed by it on hwy 7 and see so much commercials on tv . so i guess it 's finally gotten me to go in and try it . when i first walked in , the lighting was quite dim from the outside , i thought it was closed but i pulled the door and it was n't . so here we go..free newspaper in the morning ( until all out ) with your daily breakfast special . the breakfast was n't a wow..its so yummy..its just a typical breakfast that you can find anywhere and everywhere . there were some side fruits on the plate which is considerably ok as i think they were copying cora 's . price is a little bit expensive for a chinese place . almost $ 6 for a breakfast is consider to be pricey in this day and age . no wonder they need so much advertising on tv . all in all , this is just an ok place ... may not really return due to pricing ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not many restaurants open late night and i 've been coming here since i was a little kid . their menu has expanded but i 'm sure they 're still known for their sizzling plates of meat . my bf ordered a bowl of yam noodles which we 've never had before and it was really good ! price is decent like hk cafe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for breakfast . free chinese newspaper and tvs is a bonus . however the breakfast was n't anything better than an average homemade one . their famous macau style porkchop bun was over rated . i 'm was n't expecting macau standards , but i 've had better in toronto .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "every time we came here we always order steak and another dish so out little one year old can eat ! so every time we order pasta ! we order a meat with rose sauce , smoke salmon with pasta and the most recent time is fish with spinach white sauce with pasta ... .their pasta has never failed and needless to say the steak as well ! ! their borscht soup is well made and the bread is always fresh . although we do n't go there that often but because i went their a few times during my pregnancy and after the little one arrived . one of the waitress there remembers us so we get free soup for the little one ... service is not the best as some reviewed but we get treated well ! but parking can get a little crazy and they do get really busy during dinner rush ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife wanted hong kong style breakfast so we decided to come here . weekday morning and it was easy to find a seat ( do n't know how it is on weekends ) . i was happy to see some other options on the menu than just hong kong breakfasts . i had eggs with bacon and hash brown . my wife had the bowl of pork noodles . the portions were ok size . the hash brown was a bit too crispy , but the rest was okay . the price was reasonable . will have to return to try lunch and dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , fair service with a higher than usual hk style cafe restaurant for the markham area . i have visited this place a regularly in the past . they have things that they are well know for and i really enjoy them . fried pork chop burger is delicious and their guiling style noodles are really well made . their service is not the best although i do find some servers to be friendlier than others . i think their menu is higher than your average hk style places but this is most likely due to the fact that you get wifi and their menu looks nicer . overall , i would recommend it for the food quality and portion but do n't expect great service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here a few times and the food is always meet my expectations . bake pork chop , beef tongue and beef chow fan are great . i particular love their red bean shave ice with ice cream . that reminds my childhood favorite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "la selection de produits est plus proche de l'epicerie fine que du d\u00e9panneur typique . on y trouve aussi une s\u00e9lection de charcuterie et de fromage . mais l'attraction principale , c'est le bar \u00e0 sandwiches et salades \u00e0 emporter ou consommer sur place -- il y a quelques tables confortables install\u00e9es dans l'angle le plus lumineux du magasin . le sandwich demi-baguette \u00e0 la salade de thon est un d\u00e9lice tr\u00e8s copieux . l'agneau est \u00e9galement un incontournable , me dit-on , et je le crois volontiers . le personnel est amical et de bonne humeur , les lieux sont propres . bonne vibration . je recommande sans r\u00e9serve pour le lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these sandwiches are huge so make sure to bring a friend to share one or get half packed up to take home . they are also delicious . and the staff is ultra friendly . i thought it was a little overpriced at first until i saw the size of our sandwiches . i highly recommend the salmon tartare sandwich and the goat cheese grilled veg on brioche . yum .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing and very tasty food , big portions , very good service , i really loved the place , it is not to be missed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great salads , sandwiches , and service . highly recommend coming here for a quick , healthy and delicious meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's been a long time since i 've cared about sandwiches , but this place has got me seriously excited about them . so far , i 've only had the salmon tartare one and the coriander beef one they make on fridays , but both were spectacular : great combinations of great ingredients on lovely fresh bread . i have n't tried the soups or salads , and do n't have much interest in the type of groceries they offer , but the sandwiches are really impressive so far .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes , yes -- i know montreal is famous for its ubiquitous poutine , but i was just craving a salad on my visit ! l'express st zotique was just what i craved : a thoughtful and diverse selection of salads , sandwiches and soups with homemade dressings in a clean and pleasant interior . as a nice bonus service was friendly in both english and french and prices are reasonable for montreal . they appear to have a lovely selection of juices and iced teas as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked in around 12pm , and the place was completely empty . ordered their veal sandwich and the counter guy asked what toppings i wanted . i looked at the list and it seems that they charge for every single type of topping . i got just the mushrooms , and i really got just the veal and mushroom in my sandwich . service was fast , and they whipped up that sandwich in under 5 mins . it came out to $ 9 for just the sandwich with mushroom . it 's just not worth it . the sandwich was mediocre at best . i 'd recommend the pizza pizza joint across the street over this place . the only upside is the atmosphere is an upgrade from pizza pizza and it looks like they have a few gelato flavours available .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the sandwiches are mediocre and take long to prepare . i like that they 're big and filling , but my biggest complaint though is the cost of the toppings . $ 0.49 for a tomato ... one , single tomato slice . really ? the sandwich is expensive as it is . if you 're going to charge so much for toppings , give a reasonable amount . same with the zucchini . $ 0.99 for one slice . once you put one or two toppings and include a drink , your lunch just became overpriced .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have a $ 8.50 special right now for a large cheese or pepperoni pizza . decided to try it out because i have had too much pizza pizza from school functions . good deal . fairly thin crust , made to order , adequate pepperoni to cheese ratio . took 25 minutes to make though , which i think is rather long if the ingredients are not frozen ... and no one else was in the store . crust had maybe too much cornmeal dusted on it , and was too charred for my liking . added an undesirable bitter taste . overall , i would n't call it a gourmet pizza but it 's not bad if you need a pizza fix . i 've heard that the fried panzerottis are pretty good so i may try one next time . update : management is very open to customer feedback which is awesome : ) i will try the pizza again !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty run of the mill crappy sandwich shop . bae 's parents ate here 35 years ago and apparently , it was good back then . now , it 's garbage . not worth a trip , go anywhere else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love these sandwhiches , better than most fast food esque italian sandwhiches joints. ! i appreciate their breading most cause it has lots of flavour . compatibly to california sandwhiches their chicken is a bigger meatier piece . ! so this is a great place for a quick and meaty bite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll give them the benefit of the doubt , and one extra star . their main thing , the veal sandwich is horrendous . it is a huge bun + tomato sauce + processed breaded shoe soles . no meat . why is it $ 9 ? and if you want to add ingredients , you have to pay for each . so for $ 9 i got a bunch of bread and breadcrumbs , ugh . go to subway instead , for $ 9 you can pick any ingredient you want , and some of subway 's meat tastes better than insoles . maybe the pulled pork or the steak sandwiches are a bit better , i do not know , but avoid the veal sandwich .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hands down the best veal sandwich in the city.. better than california sandwiches . huge portion with lots of veal . you can get additional toppings - i usually get mushrooms , crispy eggplants and provolone . if you 're taking it to go , might be a good idea to ask for the sauce on the side because the sandwich can get a bit soggy if you do n't eat it at the resto : ) friendly service too ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i guess this place is known for their sandwiches because the lasagna i had was far too salty for my liking . a lot of sauce in the takeout container . the garlic bread was like a big hamburger bun and it too was very salty . over all , ya i 've had better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i mean do n't get me wrong , the chicken sandwich was massive and tasty ( i put jalape\u00f1os , mushrooms , and onion , however it did n't have much tomato sauce , if not any . the tomato sauce is crucial in the construction of a chicken sandwich .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i can not believe this chain all of their stores . destroy deal on a bun . they deep fry it it taste like a big french fry.the original family sold in the late 80s they did n't have the prayers everything will pan fry it in olive oil . why would you ruin such a delicate piece of meat bye deep frying.i was so disappointed or used to love that place course it was only on clinton in college and then we would go to the monarch tavern and eat it", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very disappointed with the service , we could n't even get a plastic knife from the manager who was at the counter , because she was too busy doing her paperwork . the sandwich buns were very dry , my eggplant parmigiano was very thin . from the time we walked in , it took them 10 minutes to a knowledge us .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i want to say this is a good , cheap place to get a haircut because everyone is very nice and friendly here . but this is easily one of the worst haircuts i have ever gotten .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like to think of myself as a low maintenance guy . with that said i still get a monthly haircut so that i can still look professional for my job . i like a place that i can get in and out of quickly while still getting a good haircut . i like this place because all of the girls are fairly attractive , really nice , and they began to reward me for my loyalty by giving me a coupon for discount off my next cut the last three times i 've gone in . if all you need is a simple haircut , this place is a good choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best haircut i have had . i have multiple cow licks and love a clean look and most stylist cant achieve this . nicole blue ( manager ) every time makes sure my hair is perfect with no lines . i like the fohawk look and she makes sure my fade is 100 % on ! store is always nice and clean , and with the addition of the 2 tvs i can now watch espn while i wait ! the entire is staff is nice and very accommodating . ask for the hot towel after you haircut it feels great ! i support locally owned businesses and the owners of this location truly want to do what 's best for their customers ! great shop ! great prices ! great hair cut !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by here to lower my ears due to my mop getting a tad bit unbearable . the stylist was rather friendly , and like some other reviews on this place ... yes the stylist are hawt ! although that does n't help worth a darn if your stylist does n't pay attention to what they 're doing and they give you a reversed mohawk ! ! prior to getting my noggin cropped , i explained in detail as to what i wanted done , and the stylist did the complete opposite ! i would strongly advise not going here if you like you hair . if you 're one of those people who 's into the chemo look ... well then by all means make this place your new personal hang out !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nichole and ashley are the best ! they have been cutting my whole family 's hair for over a year now . over the years i have never been a repeat customer to hair salons , but for the price and service you simple ca n't beat this super cuts location . nichole is simple one of the best at cutting hair . hands down . not only does she do a good job at cutting hair , the price here is undeniably awesome . we wo n't stop coming anytime soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is pretty nice . i asked them to be creative with my hair but they did n't do anything too fancy with it . i believe there 's a student discount here . also , first-time customers get a small swag bag which is pretty neat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nicole has been doing my hair for 2 years now ! she is better than the place i was going to before and paying $ 100+ for highlights ! love the environment love the people ! great with kids also my girls live going to the salon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only place in town that i will go for a haircut . i request molly every time and i 'm never disappointed ! everyone is friendly , the place is always clean , and the wait is never more than 5 or 10 minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why are apple stores so busy all the time ? they only sell 5 things and you can see them all online . the service at this apple store is great . i have been here twice for imac repairs ( with an appointment ) and both times they have fixed the computer with no hassel , and within 24 hours . i really enjoy browsing their accessories section too but it can get expensive . today i randomly bought an ipad holder that attaches to a mic stand . seriously , i probably do n't need this . i also ca n't believe how popular their 1:1 training is . today , at 1000 on a wednesday , there were 10 different training sessions happening in the store . and every person was over 50 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , consistently good service here . my ipod several years ago had crazy battery problems , and this store solved it by giving me a new one while other stores just told me that i should just change the settings ( i had tried everything there was . ) my laptop also was making funny noises , and the genius took a look at it and gave me a prompt answer and solution . love it ! the store is busy , but not ridiculously so , and there is always someone on hand to help . it was actually also possible to get an appointment at the genius bar for the same day , instead of having to come back the next day - wow ! and , unlike the eaton centre store , it does n't smell like a men 's hockey bag . come here if you ever need help .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love ( almost ) all things apple ; we 've had macs in our household since the late 1980s . so it 's always a treat to loiter around the apple store and droll at all the cool new computers ( which by now can kick the crap out of my three-year-old imac ) and add-ons in apple 's temple of minimalism . that said , i do n't have much use for the apple store , since i do n't need to get help from their `` geniuses '' , and i can just order the computers from apple online ( over $ 75 gets you free shipping and saves you a trip to the retail store ) . they do n't stock the weird stuff that i occasionally need , either . i was last here to track down some replacement rubber `` feet '' for my mom 's old ibook , but they did n't have 'em around ; nevertheless , the staff here were still helpful and sympathetic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolute shite on all levels . stay away ! ! ! it 's like watching your kid do crack . so horrific and bad that it makes you want to weep . this store , and apple 's overall recently completed morph from amazingly cool to arrogant twat has led me to commence the migration to android everything . its going to take a while for me to rid myself , my family , and my company of all things apple after 20 years but i do n't know any other way to vote than with my wallet . f you apple ! f your ironically named genius bar , f your camp davidian service staff , f your crap assed version of spotify , f your unwanted u2 money shot , f your pathetically transparent attempts to control the market , f you apple , f u right in the wireless earbudded ear . how did such an amazing company fall so far as to make google look like the good guys ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "brutal . called about service and could not give me a price and to just bring it in early in the morning - no appointment needed . get there and they just will not take it . always a battle with apple products and service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "call me an apple fanboy , but this store is great . i always get the greatest service here . the staff is quite friendly no matter if you are an expert or novice . absolutely no jimmy fallon 's `` nick , your company 's computer guy '' , snl types working here . the workshops are also interesting and free . finally , if for nothing else , it 's a great spot to use the internet wifi if you are really bored . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "be aware if you get a replacement phone , it 's a refurbished . and could well be faulty . my phone was replaced before traveling , within 48 hours . the screen was acting up , while i was 5000 miles away . was stuck with it all my trip ! spoke to the manager about it . they cared less ... when i pay $ 1050 for a phone , i expect service and replacement units that work . and are checked by apple before given to the user .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the sherway apple store used to be good once , and i still find it better than the rest . i am just not sure i find apple 's new plan to hire `` yuppie '' teenagers appealing . where are my older geniuses ? ! behind the doors , googling what 's to be done next . in any case , the service at this store still rocks . wait time for walk-ins are about an hour to two hours . and diagnosis fix time is another hour . so be prepared . the good part ? this store takes tons of walk-ins !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went out of my way to come to the mall , thinking it would be less crowded then other apple stores in the area . it was and i know why , horrible customer service . i went to buy an ipad pro , could get any of the staff to look in my general direction . after waiting 20 minutes i was vocal , and was told at this point to sign in as you do for the genius bar and somebody would get to me . if this is the case someone should tell you as you enter the store.. i 'll still buy apple products but never at this store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i suppose it was so busy , it seemed like all the people were at the back of the store and i couldnt seem to find anyone for the front of the store . i guess they were all handling issues , but was anyone assigned to be selling that day ? so i didnt buy anything . now the impulse has passed . oh well . the money stays in my pocket . say bye bye to the money , its not returning . its gone , the impulse is gone and so is the opportuity to sell . not so much as a hello from anyone , its a shame .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had an appointment at the apple genius bar at sherway gardens this afternoon for an issue with my iphone . it was quite busy but the service was great . super friendly , knowledgeable co-workers . i left with my phone working perfectly once again . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a fan of apple stores - so know that going into this . here 's the thing - i do n't really know how to shop here . i do n't like having to ask for employees help . i just want to go in , find a product , pay and be gone . well i went in , found the product , and then could n't figure out how to pay for it . there was not cash . some people probably love this - but , call me a traditionalist , i want a front cash . that and having to talk to the `` geniuses '' is never a smooth process .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i received an ipad when i purchased my car but it was n't what i wanted . i called apple store sherway to find out if i could upgrade it . they said to bring the bill of sales for the car and they would be able to upgrade the ipad when i paid the price difference . went to the store and they refused to exchange it . the ipad is in original packaging and was never opened . after spending 30 minutes wasting time talking to the `` manager '' i left . the manager ( joe ? ) claimed the ipad was not purchased from apple that it was bought from a 3rd party . he refused to scan the ipad to check if it was from apple store or not . i contacted my car dealership and they sent me the information about the ipad it was purchased from apple directly . it seems the manager just did n't want to help .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to chiropractors from az to ohio and these guys rock it . great staff , very friendly and they have a great massage crew . my maintenance treatments keep me straight and strong till my next visit . give them a try ... .i think you will like this outfit ... 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in for back pain , 7 mo and hundreds of $ $ later still no relief . when i went to my regular doctor , he prescribed meds and fixed in a week . also , everything the doctor asked me if they tried , they did not . more concerned about the bottom line then helping people .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! the staff here is amazing , friendly , and so helpful . dr cirelli has helped me through so many problems . from headaches , to foot problems and even neck problems . i do not know where my health and body would be without them . i can not thank dr cirelli and his staff enough for all they have done for me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my go to for standard process cleanse consultation and products . the sp 21 day cleanse resets my body relieving me of joint pain , lethargy , and inflammation . dr. mack is an expert is whole body wellness .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "manny is a cool kat , he hooked me up with great free advice about my device , he never once told me something just to make a sale . a genuine , honest , nice person . during the time i was in the store his staff helped several customers with issues without even charging them . any wireless related issues come here and see manny .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was going to right a good review . but since i put.my.phobe in 4mnths to get fixed . it still has n't been fixed . i went in last week to pick up.my phone only to find his shop has packed ul.and moved and no one knows where . the other more than i went in as well and found out he lost my 64 memory card . so yeah sorta pissed ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stoped in to get my daughters ipad fixed they gave me an awesome price and a quick repair and a 90 day warranty definitely recommend this place stop on by and ask for manny he will go above and beyond to take care of you..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was hesitant to buy my cloth diapers here ... i assumed that because it was a brick and mortar store , i 'd pay a premium for things i could easily find online . i am happy to say i 'm a convert.. not only are they staffed with friendly , knowledgeable staff , but they are very helpful , have never ever been pushy and best part ? their prices are great - seriously ! comparable to amazon on several occasions . now , i happily go here when i need any stock or extra supplies of cloth diaper items ... their 'house ' brand , bumkins , is now my favorite ! beautifully sown , great quality , hold in all my son 's fluids and they are a great value ! the owner has been there on several occasions and is a bountiful source of tips , tricks and lots of diapering knowledge . i think this is truly as good as it gets !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this week has been hell week at work , baby has 4 teething coming in at once ! ! after i gave him his new teething items i purchased his mood instantly changed . thank you , to the two ladies working for taking the time and walking me through all of your different natural teething baby items.. to all my mommy & nanny friends i highly recommend this store ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fantastic local business find ! i 've been to zoolikins for both cloth diapers and baby carriers . trying to research both areas online was overwhelming with all the options out there . thank goodness i found zoolikins ... the staff is so knowledgeable and helpful . they answered all my questions , showed me all the options and let me try on the carriers in the store . on top of it they are super friendly and their prices are competitive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to try out baby carriers and find your best fit with knowledgeable staff . they have classes and lots of great baby supplies of high quality . lots of dr. seuss stuff right now ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will be honest , i have yet to buy anything from here but went in to check it out and get some information on the classes they offer . the store was adorable , the staff was friendly and helpful , and i will be back to buy pretty much everything when it comes time for baby # 2 . this is the place to go if you have any questions on aspects of being a 'crunchy ' momma . so awesome ! every pregnant woman should go here at least once to check it all out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful and friendly staff that answers my many questions ! i bought a carrier and some cloth diapers here and like their quality . i also like supporting a local business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved over 5 times in the last 10 years due to my career in sales . my latest move my company used bekins a-1 . the moving crew was lead the driver omar . he called to confirm my address and to ask if they could arrive 30 minutes early . they arrived with great appearance , equipment , packing material , a curb ramp and power tools to quickly disassemble my furniture to maximize space . i was impress6ed how he lead his crew and communicated with me with every step to make an efficient no damage move . best move ever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have moved more times then i can count and this debacle of a company was the absolute worst experience i 've ever had . we were lied to , truck never showed up even though the sales representative deana promised we were on the schedule for july 11 , 2017 . to read more , please she the screenshot i wrote about this so called professional moving company !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "update august 21st 2016 warning ! do not drop off your packages here ! i was returning a vitamix blender back to the manufacturer and i received a drop off receipt stating that my package was 19lbs . when the package was delivered back to the manufacturer it was delivered at only 2.8lbs because someone had stolen the contents of my package ! what kind of business is this ? i should of seen the red flag the moment the ups guy kept asking me what was in the package over and over and mentioning how heavy it was . very sketch location and i 'm filling a claim with the manufacturing company and ups . this is absolutely ridiculous and not ethical . someone will get fired . since when does this ups location close before 3pm on saturdays ? on the ups website it is stated that it should close at 3:00pm on saturdays . i arrived at this location today to pickup my packages at 2:30 pm and it was closed . corporate is going to receive a call about this one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just made copies . fast , cheap , and easy . it 's clean inside and the owners were very nice . they have a large copier that can make whatever copies you need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "avoid this ups store if at all possible . they are rude , unprofessional and slow . it 's a business and when you come to work you should present yourself as such . wearing a night scarf on your head is unacceptable attire and if you were working in my business i would have sent you home with your attitude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my recent experiences have been great ! ! ! the staff has been very knowledgeable and courteous . they also provided me with the shipping materials i needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , the best flat white i think i ever drank ! ckean and bright setting . friendly staff . awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm positive i do n't want to be served coffee by awkward , disinterested teenage bros who could n't be bothered to explain to the customer after me what cold brew coffee is . my iced soy latte was weak and watery , as was my friend 's cortado . just because you can pour the foam into a flower shape , does n't mean the coffee is up to par . disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great coffee and great vibes . there needs to be more coffee shops of the like along the beaches . only thing is i wish they would have more seating . its very small , and more of a grab and go shop then a place to chill and work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh yeah~~ i found great coffee place in beaches area ! ! wow ..they have really good coffee ! i am sure this is the only place ..making and doing perfect and right espresso coffee in beaches area . better than dark horses for me ! great espresso coffee ..when it made with iced latte it taste so heaven : ) so cozy , small place .. and nice and kind staff ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great addition to east end . small space and seating is limited , however , it makes it quite cozy , i would recommend it for a `` grab and go '' coffee spot for that reason . owners are very friendly and polite . it has a very welcoming atmosphere where you feel like your a regular instantly at their location . i ordered the americano with an extra shot of expresso ( my classic order at most coffee shops ) . and it is very delicious and has great flavour . very conveniently located right outside the streetcar stop at elmer perfect for a quick coffee or a grab and go before commuting dt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love everything about bud 's coffee bar ! from the simple industrial deco to the cool hipster vibe . and both our cappuccino and cortado were well made with nice micro milk froth for a perfect latte art ! though has limited seating , most people do have it to go as we had no problem getting our seats and enjoying our coffees with a good view of queen st ! i will definitely be coming back to bud 's for my espresso fix whenever i am in the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best cappuccino in the beach . low key atmosphere , great staff , perfect counter at a nice sunny window for a leisurely drink while reading the paper . baked goods , sandwiches - all really nice . my fave ( only ) coffee spot in the neighbourhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ein sehr gelungener cappuccino in einer porzellantasse . das sind die beiden besten gr\u00fcnde , die f\u00fcr das caf\u00e9 sprechen . der blaubeer scone war auch sehr lecker und frisch . stabiles und schnelles wlan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was excellent , the croissants fresh and the atmosphere bright and warm . alas the espresso was sub-par , not creamy with a distinct burnt note and after taste of grounds .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice addition to the 'hood ! `` cut coffee '' beans by sam james . they 've now got some seating and a beautiful raw edge window counter . and yesterday , they got their wifi !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in at bud 's coffee bar for an afternoon caffeine pick up after a walk on the beach . i opted for their mocha . with two shots of espresso it was the perfect pairing of caffeine and chocolate . the milk was creamy and allowed you to start sipping it right away , delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little coffee shop . the got what you need for your fix . last time there i tried the green tea latte and it was awesome . plus the lids to the cups are incredibly cool . kudos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful , love the latte . great spot . the boys working there are great made a cute design in the foam . good location with a ttc stop right outside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a coffee aficionado myself , i ca n't help but be so excited every time i discover a new indie cafe in toronto . bud 's is a great space and in a great neighbourhood ! their lattes , cappuccinos and other espresso drinks are great . they expertly craft great beverages using quality beans ( cut roasters - sam james ) . the coffee is smooth , aromatic and beautiful . the only quibble is that i see a lot of flies really taking it to their pastries every time i visit . : ( while the space is great ( rustic with a hippie vibe ) , it 's not a place to hang out . there 's not a lot of chairs and or tables but then again with this place being beach-side ( almost ) , why would you want to be indoors ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally , a good coffee shop in the beaches ! the neighbourhood has moved one step closer to self sufficiency . sam james beans are used and make for good cortados .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding americans coffee last few times i went over there , when it opened i do n't remember being so impressed . funny cavernous space with slightly awkward searing arrangement , but they seem to be working on it and adding some comforts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried flat white and oatmeal raisin cookie - amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great cozy local coffee spot . it 's a nice addition to the area . it 's my go to for a delicious latte and treat . not to mention they have amazing butter tarts now too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely little coffee spot in the beaches . great cappuccino using cut coffee beans . would be nicer if they have more seating , especially for winter . they have only a few bar chairs and a couch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place served up a great flat white . it 's time the beach served up more than your cookie cutter starbucks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had heard about this new place recently and since i was in the area thought i would give it a try . it is very open concept , very warm , lots of room in the front and could benefit from a couple of small tables , though there is a very attractive window bar area at the front that would seat a few people . the layout and decor of the place is very similar to other toronto urban indy coffee shops like dark horse . what really matters , though , is the coffee . i order an americano and muffin , and both were delicious . the americano was rich and complex and hit the spot . the muffin chocolate chip banana , was fresh and very good . the owners were very friendly . the beach is full of coffee shops , and this is a nice standout for the location and quality of the coffee . adding a few places to sit might make me want to hang out there rather than just a grab and go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cappuccino is okay . a little too milky for me . i like my cappuccino a bit stronger . i had better . the pastries are bad . i had the blueberry cake . looking for a better place near the beaches", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really really happy to have a place like this in the beaches . it 's a welcomed addition to the starbucks and tim hortons . the service was really fast and really friendly . the vibe inside is awesome , hipstery , and unique . the cappuccino looked nice and tasted even better . apparently , the espresso was exactly what it should be . my new coffee shop ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i saw this place open i thought `` not another coffee shop on queen '' . despite my prejudged opinion on the over saturation of independent coffee shops in the beaches i was pleasantly surprised . they do n't do drip coffee so ordered an americano , and i can say it was the best i have had to date ! it was the perfect temperature and not bitter or burnt at all . service was friendly and fast . they had an assortment of locally sourced coffees and baked goods available at the front counter and were knowledgeable in all their products . my only complaint would be the lack of substantial food , i like to have the option of grabbing a sandwich when i 'm in a coffee bar doing work or school work . other than that highly recommend it ! great vibe , great staff , great location and more importantly great coffee ! what more could you want ? !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drove by bud 's , and decided to give the coffee house a try . i look at the machine , and it 's a high quality la marzocco , once you see that and the owner behind the counter , hopes are up for a an excellent cappuccino , and we were not disappointed . the cappuccino was excellent , perfect temp , creamy , and has some of that burnt raisiny taste , that my wife and i like . the almond croissant on the other hand , meh , it 's a real croissant , sliced in half and filled with almond paste ( not the fake stuff ) but it did n't seem like it was double baked , or maybe it was just on the stale side , anyway , definitely lacking ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just moved to toronto and the beach from sydney , where great coffee comes as standard . bud 's flat white is a such a lifesaver it 's moved me to write my first ever yelp review .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "barbara has been an invaluable resource for our bookkeeping , accounting and integrative software needs . she is very professional , efficient , patient and helpful . when i first started working with her i knew very little about how to use qb enterprise and was in a difficult situation of having to fix a whole year of bookkeeping for our company . she patiently met with me weekly and took me through all the steps on how to use qb enterprise , she literally saved my sanity and got us up to date ! since then we have relied upon her for her other skills - accounting and integrating the most up to date and efficient apps with qb that suit our business needs . she comes highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when it comes to convenience and efficiency , barbara at net profits for you is who to call ! she is very sufficient in setting up quickbooks online because she integrates a custom plan specific to your business . she downloads things such as paypal and bank transactions and reconciles monthly to make sure you are up to date and everything is running smoothly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "barbara has been an integral part of our business bookkeeping and accounting for many years in scottsdale az . we currently opened a 2nd branch in sf california where she continues to offer remote service to the highest standards both in state and out of state . highly recommend her services ! ! ! john m. miraglia president", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yesterday i had my second reiki session with zanna and it was amazing . zanna worked with me using essential oils , deep breathing , healing hands . i was able to leave refreshed , centered and back to state of peace . words can not describe how much her reiki sessions mean to me . i feel like i am in a safe place with zanna to express what is going on with my life so she can use reiki to help me get centered . much love and respect - dianna rios", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love spiritual healing of all sorts ! i 've done a couple of readings with zanna already and will continue to do so . i was recommended to zanna through a very close friend and am so happy to have made this connection . i love her flexibility and her usage of modern technology so that we can communicate and work together . facetime and skype are awesome ! ! i love zanna 's energy , sweet nature , and most importantly , her focus on what i 'm trying to find out and figure out in my life . i never feel rushed when speaking with her as she is so warm and inviting . if i feel i get lost in thought , she is right there to put me right back on track . she 's given me so much insight and because of her background and experience , she really tells it like it is . and i love that ! i appreciate and love her gift of readings . i would love to go up to fortunate and do a reiki session one day ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll admit i was a little intimidated about the idea of connecting with someone via a reading online , but zanna has such a warm , calming and inviting energy about her ; i wish i contacted her sooner ! we had a session via facetime and i was very very happy with the results ! i found her via friend recommendation so she did n't know anything about me but i felt like her reading was spot on . she has validated and clarified some current happenings and offered some clear insight and guidance . i will recommend her to my friends and family ... thank you zanna , you have a beautiful gift !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this morning i had a reiki session with zanna . the moment i stepped into her healing oasis , i felt very comfortable . she is very welcoming in spirit and in person . the information she gathered from me through the reiki session was very accurate and relevant to the issues that i have been having within myself and my life . she put things into perspective for me and gave suggestions on how to help heal myself with breathing exercises and the crystals i have at home . i definitely plan on scheduling more with her in the very near future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "zanna is truly masterful at bringing real clarity to your life . we get so caught up in the hussle of this rat race life we lose touch with our mental state of mind and wellbeing to follow our true purpose . she is masterful gift to this world and booking zanna for a session is one of the best purchases i have ever made . thank you zanna !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was promised one rate by george m a cox e-care specialist and then charged more than $ 100 more than the promised price ! i have spent the last 2 days trying to get a corrected bill . april the supervisor said she would return my call at 11 . i have called back 4 times . it 's 5 hours later than her call back time . honor you promises .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "matt , the customer service rep i encountered , was amazing . before i was assisted , matt was helping an elderly woman , pat , with a dispute she had with her bill . by the end of the transaction , you 'd think they 'd known each other for years ! it was extremely pleasant witnessing young matt interact so personally and professionally with him customer . i was treated very much the same way and could n't have been more impressed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't bother leaving a voice mail on the local 623-792-5506 number - they do not `` have time '' to listen to them ! why even publish a local number if they do n't answer or respond ? the reps in the store were professional and efficient . too bad they have to work at cox .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this store is a joke . a lobby full of annoyed customers ( myself included ) and none of the employees seem particularly concerned with any sense of urgency . the people working were slow moving and not very friendly . i would go out of my way to not have to come here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have never dealt with such incompetence in my life . i have been trying to get my service transferred to my new address for 3 weeks . this company continues to make the same mistake repeatedly and all they do is transfer me around from one department to the next , and charge me for it.. i will cancel my service and recommend to everyone i know not to ever use this company again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i came in to upgrade our account and matt , the representative , was absolutely amazing . not only did he give us the best option , but he advised us about the dual band modem that we needed to fix the issue we have been complaining about over and over again ... . since we had come in to the store at least 3 times prior and explained the issue but no one said we needed to upgrade to the dual band modem . we must say ... . matt is top notch and knows what he 's talking about . thanks again . very satisfied", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jake helped find a solution for me and fixed my problems with my setup . amazing customer support and relations will recommend to all my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "several visits to this store over the last 2 years . fortunately on 3 occasions balbina assisted me . she went far and above to assure satisfaction and appreciation for me as a long time customer of cox . she is an asset to this location . all reps are good but she excels . thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had a nice biryani dish for dinner at this restaurant although the composition of the vegetable dish was not what i was expecting . friendly and attentive personell and a ginger nan made to my order ( as it is not listed on the menu ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a friend who was living here . we went to pick him up for an appointment to find him in bed in soiled clothes and sheets . when we asked the nurse why he was in soiled clothes and sheets she said `` you do n't pay for that kind of service here '' . if we had not gone to take him to his appointment who knows how long he 'd be sitting there for . we had heard amazing things about this place , but experienced quite the opposite . how as a human being is it possible to not care , to not step up and say 'well his sheets are soiled and he 's laying in it , he ca n't help himself , let 's fix this ' . no compassion is shown and the superior attitudes shown here from nurses to loved ones is disgusting . would never recommend this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing place with amazing staff . david goes out of his way to ensure that the people within this community feel at home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 93 year old grandfather looked into supportive living and invested $ $ $ into beautitudes for 2 bedroom + den , which they did not receive . grandparents had to be put on waiting list and live in a smaller unit , while paying for a larger unit . my grandparents decided beautitudes was not for them and were initially understood that their original invested amount is refundable , after 3 months , minus fees . we now find out , the $ $ will only be refunded in 2 years if beatitudes has the $ $ to pay it back . we were told 3 months after move out , the funds would be returned . we are past 3 months and no word on the $ $ . be careful with your loved ones and make sure you have an independent elder representative with your family member when reviewing contracts . also , the campus & grounds were substandard , not impressive , with gated & taped off old housing on site .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my mother has lived at the beatitudes for almost 7 years . she is alert and pretty active . she used to enjoy many activities & outings , carefully supervised by staff . now it appears the staff in the activities department does n't do anything , and the residents have been told they have to run all of the recreation programs except exercise things . she wo n't take the bus trips anymore because they do n't send staff to help residents who need it and tell the residents they 'll just have to look after each other . i tried to find someone to talk to , but everyone was `` away at a conference '' supposedly . the two girls who should be working ( but mother says really never do ) both are pregnant and will be leaving soon . i hope they are replaced with someone competent and helpful for people like my mother . i hate to move mother elsewhere , but she really misses the good activities . i am taking her to tour three other places which i think might treat her better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm really confused . there 's all this advertising that this is a new location to which the swissvale thriftique and the nearby higher end furniture consignment store ( ncjw home consignments ) moved . however , here are all these reviews prior to their move so it 's not really a new store after all ? ? ? anyway , the higher end consignment furniture store in swissvale was such a treasure of truly nice , expensive ( when new ) , well made furniture at a good price . we bought a large china cabinet that i fell in love with from them . the `` new '' thriftique at this location is huge . i 'll give it that . but , beyond that , it 's just disappointing to see an itty-bitty section for fine furniture and fine furniture deserves a more special locale than this . not impressed at all . sad , instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've gotten some great items for my new apartment here . some really cheap utensils ( $ 0.25 each ) , mugs ( $ 0.50 each ) , a glass pitcher ( $ 4 ) , a lamp ( $ 5 ) , and a chair ( $ 15 ) . they have some great furniture pieces here , some heavy wooden furniture that feels like it would last a while . if i had a truck , i 'd probably furnish more of my apartment with items from here . the people working there are quite helpful and nice . i had wanted this end table , but it would n't fit in our car . when we were trying to cram the end table into our car , they even came out to try and help us . alas , it could n't fit , so they gave us a refund . i have n't seen too many thrift stores in this area , so i think i 'll be coming back here often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is so big ! has a lot to offer . i love thrifting but this place was a little over priced for some of their second hand clothes . i probably wo n't go back cause it 's expensive . but the cashier was very friendly !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sorry , but this place is n't all that . yes , proceeds do go to something nice , but it 's still a thrift store . it 's kind of dirty when you walk in , and has the smell of old ( should be expected , just like goodwill ) . i have yet to find anything that could be of use to me in here . with the awesome sign out front you would think the inside would be more well put together . go to a goodwill , salvation army or red white & blue before here . honestly , it 's like all the free t-shirts you get from attending an event ended up here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the high end store for the goodwill brand . the items are of better quality than can sometimes be found in the regular goodwill stores . the store has a large furniture section . on my visit , all furniture was 50 % off . it was nice to see the same kinds of sales that the regular stores have . they also sell clothes , shoes , and other items . come to the store with some room in your car in case you find that piece you just have to have . if you buy something , you are expected to take it with you right then . sometimes the stores will work with you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thriftique is a very big rip off . they say they are non profit.. haha ! ! they are given donations under the cover of the good will then mark the prices up hundreds of dollars a dresser 300.00 come on for a donation ... the tax break they give the average person is pennies . then to mark it sky high is ridiculous . thriftique is not only a rip off but they deceive the public . plz do your research before spending your hard earned money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is actually for the squirrel hill store , designer days boutique on forbes avenue in squirrel hill . it 's part of triad of stores that benefit the jewish women 's center . i loved my experience at designer days ! it was clean in there : ) i do n't normally like resale shops because i feel like i 'm in someone 's smelly attic but that is not the case here ! it was fresh & clean , great clothes at great prices for high end stuff , and great service . if i lived in pittsburgh i 'd be hitting this place every week or so looking for designer bargains . definitely an enjoyable trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in today for a quick run through . very nice things at good prices- saw some nice running shoes at a great price i am going back for . saw lots of smiles on customers faces = always a good sign .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seems like a great place full of great people working and helping out . i stopped by to donate a bunch of things because i was trying to move out of pittsburgh . they accept everything except for kids toys and other children related items . call before going in to donate : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another nice thrift store option in the area , and it 's right next to goodwill for easy thrifting trips . surprised by the nice selection and layout of sets of furniture rather than random pieces . one could purchase and outfit an entire dining or living room here with thrifted pieces .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not the biggest selection on house ware and things . lots of clothes though ! prices are decent . some items are great prices and others are more than they should be . good location and always tons of parking . i do n't think i 've been greeted the three times i 've been in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a little torn on this review . i 'm going to go with a quick and dirty to the point review and do a more indepth review after a second trip there . i honestly feel like they were switching out for the season and it was a bag sale day where you could fill an entire bag of clothes for cheap . while this sounds like a great idea and a great deal i have a few qualms with this . 1 . i rarely find enough clothing items to fill a bag . 2 . the dressing rooms were closed bc it was a bag sale ? i 'm not interested in the bag sale so i could n't try on a pair of dress pants i liked ? even though it was bare , i can still see the potential in this thrift store . i 'll definitely be back to check out clothes on non-bag sale days . besides the proceeds help a jewish women 's center and that 's something i can definitely stand behind .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great breakfast for our family of three . we enjoyed the omelette & breakfast burrito . american fries really hit the spot . coffee was good , too ! good service & other patrons were really friendly . will come back next time we are in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once i found a tomatoe sticker in my sandwhich . enough said . i work nearbyby and so im always at this location . however i try to avoid it as much as possible . some of the associates are nice but i often find , a lot of them are unknowledgable about punching things into the system to take orders like something that is not complicated such as adding tomatoe or lettuce to an order in a sandwhich is not smooth . they seem untrainned and the turnover seems high and never sense any sort of management around . most tim hortons are very smooth and executed like a well oiled machine . anyway i feel bad about commenting because some.of the asscoiates seem.nice and probably work hard . the store just has some loose screws that n\u00e8ed tightening . however recently they opened two other tims in the surrounding area and i always go there instead . everything is just better and smoother , like the one inside the hudsons bay food court near yonge .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this little timmy 's is tucked away in cumberland terrace . it 's not very big but it 's always busy and the line is usually out the door . most of the people in line when i come through on the odd weekend are staff from holt renfrew . the staff are n't the friendliest but they get you through as quickly as possible .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is by far the worst tim 's i 've ever been to . i ca n't count the times where i 've received my orders wrong in spectacular fashion . i do n't know who is doing the hiring here , but the staff on a regular basis are unfriendly , slow , and forgetful . i only go to this location because of its proximity to my office but i swear if i win the lottery one day . i will buy a franchise to rival this location . just at the sheer mention of this location in my office kicks off a long and complicated `` bitch-fest '' ( for lack of a better term ) where we all complain when we 've been wronged by the lack of service here . am i being too harsh ? probably , but all i ask for is to get my order correctly ( somewhat ) consistently . i should n't be entering an engagement with this location with the expectation of a mix-up . that 's all i 'm asking .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "die location ist ganz nett , die cocktails schmecken . aber der abend war eher nervend , die leute da schubsen derma\u00dfen , dass es r\u00fccksichtsloser nicht mehr geht . nach zwei stunden wieder gegangen . das ine mal hat mir schon gereicht .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice place to meet young people . kind of small so make a reservation if you want a table .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "der club befindet sich auf der auf der verl\u00e4ngerung der theodor heus stra\u00dfe . es gibt dort richtig sch\u00f6ne couch bereiche am rand wo an jeden tisch auch locker mehrere leute passen . es ist also auch kein problem mit mehreren leuten zu kommen . die tische sollte man sich aber reservieren da sie sonst meistens besetzt sind . au\u00dferdem gibt es dort auch einen barceaper der sein gesch\u00e4ft sehr drauf hat . da macht es allein schon spa\u00df ihm beim mixxen von cocktails zu zu schauen . es gibt auch einen sch\u00f6nen hinterhof wo man im sich im sommer auch gut aufhalten kann .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das bett ist ein klasse club . die preise sind f\u00fcr die lage super . die gro\u00dfen couches laden zum gem\u00fctlichen chillen ein , einfach super bequem . zum tanzen ist auch genug platz . im sommer kann man gut auch in den au\u00dfenbereich der sehr sch\u00f6n eingerichtet ist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehr guter , bodenst\u00e4ndiger club mit gem\u00fctlichen sitz- liegem\u00f6glichkeiten , super lage und guten preisen . die gr\u00f6\u00dfe ist optimal , nicht zu gro\u00df , aber auch keine kleine klitsche . gerne wieder .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great pool supply store . they check pool water without charge so i can keep tabs on pool service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4 years ago i went to leslie 's on higley and southern for help with a green pool . we drained the pool and added a start up chemical kit . 4 years later using nothing but leslie 's tabs and shock , my pool is still crystal clear . i wo n't go anywhere else , ever again . on top of great products , the guys there are always nice and helpful . thanks fellas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely worst place ever ... the same guy there daily is deplorable . he takes slow to a whole new level . i 'd find a new place where the people actually know what they 're talkin about and not just pretending to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing customer service here . these guys are very knowledgeable . must go here for all your pool needs . always had my pool serviced , although knowing i can come here for 1 3 of the price , and leave knowing i will have a fully functional pool and crystal clear water is a great feeling . thanks guys . keep up the good work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jerry and mike are the best ! they test the water , are always friendly to talk to , and dont try to sell me add ons i dont need ! and of course if something is old they will discount it to get it out . i appreciate the savings if its something i wanted , but not for the price it was listed as . i love not having to buy chemicals i dont need and are straight shooters . they even had leslie 's come replace my sand filter . they did a great job ! also recommended a diff place for serious work to be done on my pool and it was awesome ! love these guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really want to like this place and while the food is good . getting them to get your order right is a challenge as their process is really confusing . they also have a habit of giving the wrong orders to the wrong people . they need a better system .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ordered a naked chicken burrito plus cheesy bean and pulled pork burritos for the family . service was slow but maybe i 'm just used to the fast pace at downtown food courts . skimpy servings and bland taste . so skimpy that i had a cream cheese bagel and a bowl of cereal when i got home . also they forgot to call out for the cheesy bean so it was left sitting on the shelf for 15 minutes . a real disappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly service , but hands down the worst burrito i 've ever had . opted for the naked burrito ... ended up a bland meal of rice and beans ... topping selection sparsely added.. server was skimping as i had to request more than once for more lettuce . and is n't a burrito supposed to have cheese ? where 's the cheese ? ! ! i 'm a petite individual with a light appetite . i finished it with a few mouthfuls and left starving . so not worth $ 8 !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place can be a bit of a uprise when ordering anything from your usual to a newer menu item . in my experiences visiting this location , the quality of service and food vary based on the time of your visit . for example the guac which is usually tolerable at best was bursting with flavour on my recent visit . the staff where willing to do my order and hold on to it while i ran down the street to grab my self a drink at booster juice , and it was n't soggy when i returned , the way it has been in the past .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here several times ... .i do n't want to come here but it 's so close to where i live . pretty much every aspect of this place is pathetic and i 'm pretty easy to please . the tipping point was how cheap they are with the toppings , it 's laughable and now i 'll be driving to burrito boyz or if i 'm lazy i 'll go next door to falafel world ( where they actually know how to run a business and appreciate regular customers ) . if you go , enjoy your thimble of guacamole !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the place is you typical burrito joint . i really think what sets it apart are the workers . they 're very friendly and do n't mind letting you know what 's in their burritos . also do n't be fool . `` lil '' burrito is actually like half a foot lob from subway .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a fat bastards burrito which means you 're going to get a tasty treat . i 'm not sure if it 's the food , the convenience , or the fact i 've watched it being built for the last 18 months , but i sure am glad it exists !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just ordered from these guys for the first time : a pulled pork burrito and a thai chilli chicken burrito with some nacho chips on the side . i was excited because the flavour options seemed more interesting that other mexican places . the burritos were the most bland i have ever had in my life . i 'm not even sure real cheese was used in them -- i certainly could n't see any . the pulled pork was pretty flavourless compared to pulled pork i 've had everywhere else , and i could n't taste the sauce . the chips i ordered were $ 3.50 and they were totally plain nacho chips . the sauce that came with them was probably tostitos . it was so painfully plain i felt pretty pissed that i did n't just go to the corner shop and buy a packet of nacho chips and dip -- it would have actually been worth the money . in my opinion , you 're better off ordering from burrito express . their food is more flavourful and worth the money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pure delicious ! ! i really enjoy the burritos here . i think they are much better than most of the burrito joints . the people are very nice and i really like all the options they have to put in your burrito ! i suggest trying this place out for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've tried their burritos at liberty village location and was excited to get my order . unfortunately , preparing my ordinary burrito took 50 ( ! ! ) minutes.. i watched people come and go , ordering and picking up their orders - and mine was nowhere to be seen . as per my request they told me they 've had a hold up with some shrimps that were uncooked ( that was after i 've been waiting for about 30 minutes already ) . weird thou as they could 've told me that when i was ordering , and could 've offered me something else as they 've realized the order will take long . at the end of that hour sitting there i was really pissed and tbh was sure they 'd offer me my order on the house , considering how big their screw up was . nope ! ! ! no offers , no talk about what 've happened - just a brief `` sorry '' from the cashier . needless to say i wo n't ever go back , thank you toronto for many other burrito-alternatives !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so the food is okay here . there are certainly better burrito places in toronto however i still prefer to eat here than some of the other places in the area . i really like the battered fish burrito . it 's really tasty . but be warned , this is n't for those on a tight budget . a small battered fish comes to almost $ 10.00 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was quite depressed when i noticed that these guys had moved into bloor west village . the last thing we need in the hood is yet another low-end , white trash , fast food joint . but i was prepared to give them a fighting chance , especially since i live just down the street and could use another convenient lunch option . so i tried them out today . what a disaster . the food is horrible , just horrible : stale fixings , soggy fried fish , burrito sauce that tastes like salad dressing . the fact that they cover the walls with cheesy ads suggesting they are superior to burrito boyz is a joke . not even close , guys . you should n't be mentioned in the same breathe . ca n't wait for these bozos to go tits up and get the hell out of town . the sooner the better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "why post hours on yout door is you do n't follow them ? not the first time i have been turned away at the door and it 's not like a min before today it was 40min that is not good ! strike 2 !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fat bastard is one of my favourite burrito places . try the fish burrito , it 's fantastic ! with fresh ingredients which you pick for yourself , they build the wrap right before you and exactly to your liking . i find the burritos flavourful and a healthy choice . whether you choose beef , chicken , pork or fish , the food is real so i prefer a burrito here over a number of other quick dinner choices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "with the recent changes and downfall of those burrito boyz , i decided to step up to the bastards . not sure why people do n't give this place 5 5 . what is there not to like ? the wash-rooms or seating ? its a take out place . prices are fair , people are nice , lots of choices and specials , food is fresh and tasty . free parking on the side street too ! everything from the yam to the chicken outshines the competition .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pizza is good . just do n't expect to get your order correct . three pizzas in a row the order was incorrect .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "staying at the holiday inn strongsville . i travel a lot for work , and , every now and then , i like to get in my pjs and order in . i use yelp exclusively when i travel to determine where i will spend my employers money . . antonio 's had the most stars and pictures of their product so i called in the order . i opted for a small sicilian with sausage ( i have always wanted to say this in a review- huge sausage ! ) pepperoni and some scorching hot hungarian peppers . a small has 6 pieces . you can definetly split it . i love this pizza . thick chewy and crunchy crust . impressive sausage . check out picture . kinda like a sausage meatball . order it . i also got some zappolis ( little donuts coated with sugar. ) . serving is enough for 5 people ! ! ! and they could use some dipping sauce . tasty though . perfect pajama food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let me preface by saying it 's more like 3.5 stars ... definitely would be 4 but every time i go in there for pick up my order is never ready . it just seems very disorganized and there seems to be a lack of communication . but the pizza is damn delicious , they never skimp on toppings , and my order is always correct . it will never be the original antonio 's but when i ca n't get there it 's the next best thing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best pizza in a town with a lot of pizza already . main cause of depression for nearby papa john 's and domino 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see antonio 's pizza just got # 1 in cleveland for the best deep dish pizza . do n't be confused . this is not a 'chicago style ' pie . this is just a big round calzone with sauce on the top , a top layer of crust , and a lot of crust around the edge . they claim it 's 3 '' deep , but at most , it 's an inch . the crust is regular pizza dough . not the biscuit type used in chi-town . so if you 're expecting uno , malnati 's , or giordano 's , this pie is n't for you . on the other side , their regular 'za is pretty good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we ordered from the catering menu for my daughter 's baptism . i can not say enough about the amazing quality of the food ! ! ! we ordered the rome package for $ 9.99 a person- included chicken cutlets , sausage & peppers , baked ziti ( covered in gooey cheese ) , mixed veggies , redskin potatoes , a huge bowl of salad , and a tray of breadsticks . seriously- it was all so delicious ! ! it was ready at 11:00 as promised , was piping hot , and everyone commented on how fabulous the food tasted . i will definitely be using them again in october for a birthday party ! ! thank you , thank you , thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i expect better from antonio 's . the calzone that i had ordered was drier than i am used to . there was no sauce in the calzone , and i had asked for extra sauce with it . i only received the one container that should come with a calzone to begin with . i have ordered from there before , and it has been great food . something or someone has changed , and it shows - not for the better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just ordered catering from antonio 's yesterday and it was outstanding ! everyone raved about how delicious food was and the price was great ! you get alot of food for your money . delivery was right on time , great service . will always use antonio 's to cater our parties .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really poor experience . the cavatelli were undercooked and the sauce no flavor to it . very disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pizza is great toppings are delicious i 'm getting down on a meat supreme with some co-workers only thing stopping a 5 star rating is the lack of sauce , perhaps i 'll ask for extra next time", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there is no better pizza in town ! ! i love antonio 's pizza , any kind ! sometimes i will stop in here just to grab a salad , which is also phenomenal . i highly recommend their house dressing . it 's the best , on a salad or to dip your pizza crust in : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love antonio 's pizza ! delicious pizza with many varieties to choose from . also they know a thing or two about service . of all the times i ordered from there , i had one with poor service where the operator messed up our pizza order . they fixed it by delivering the right one and i got a letter in the mail later apologizing for the mix up . what a great place with great food and great service . i highly recommend the veggie pizza- it 's like no other .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome . great sauce , delicious sausage , and a crust that is soft with a little crunch and flavor to boot . 6 stars if it had just a little more cheese .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their food is wonderful , but delivery is awful , even when you schedule it days in advance . keep blaming it on `` issues with delivery staff '' . then hire new people ! also , twice when i did pick up my food , they got the order wrong ! no apologies , either !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "okay , it 's only dairy queen , but the husband wanted ice cream , we saw the dq and acquiesced . we both ordered heath blizzards and for less than $ 4 i had a delicious saturday afternoon snack . i had n't had a blizzard in over 10 years and it tasted just like i remember it . the best in the world , no . pretty darn good for four bucks , you betcha . this location is pretty clean and they offer a lot of different options . probably wo n't make a special trip back , but if you 're in the neighborhood give them a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is simply amazing . it 's the only fast food restaurant in cave creek , and boy do they know how to run it ! the food is , well , dq , so you ca n't go wrong there . also , the restaurant is kept constantly clean- cleaner than any average fast food place , because the night closers work so hard to make it look good . the people who work there are generally extremely nice and polite , and will treat you like a real person and not just another random customer . my only gripe is that they do n't have cherry dip . get on that , dq ! there 's simply no replacement for it ! i highly suggest this place for any ice-cream or food . it 's family friendly , fun , clean , and delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "place is alright . the blizzards are really good , especially the oreo one . i also love the french fries here . the service in the drive thru can be annoyingly slow sometimes but it 's worth the wait when craving ice cream late at night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great joint . nice , clean and , what else can you say , it is dairy queen !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "owner was very rude and mean when i asked if they can make ice cream sodas . customer service was very poor . will not stop at this dairy queen again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not reviewing the food - dairy queen food is what you expect it to be . instead i am reviewing the service , such that it was , all empty tables were uncleaned . we ordered one item which was forgotten about . when my roommate went to find out where his order went , staff ignored him until another customer ( who was being waited on ) pointed our how long be had been waiting at the counter , even with a manager standing there . then , as if to punctuate our experience , the worker who finally helped my roommate dismissively remarked that she `` had n't taken his order '' , a friend who is familiar with this location was not surprised by my experience and stated that service is usually this bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "like my wife said ( and the only other 2 reviewers ) , hey , it 's dairy queen . so tasty and refreshing when it 's 100 degrees out . thing about dairy queen is they go to an area where there 's no other fast food and they dominate ! i had the pumpkin blizzard which was extremely delightful . since we had to wait longer than like 5 minutes , they comp 'd us a medium instead of the mini we ordered . my gal got the mint oreo but i did n't try it because i was gluttonizing in my own frosty treat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very rude people except 1 girl that was new . hope the other attitudes do n't role off on her ! any way sorry that i asked for the rest of my order ! the look and attitude was ridiculous . also the boy that took my order was rolling his eyes like i was waisting his time . sorry . what happened to customer service . i work in the customer service industry and i would make some changes up front . food was good for dairy queen tho !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not good ! walked in around 930 pm and the place was a hot mess . from the floors to the bathroom to the dirty and unkept area behind the counter , i should have taken the clue . my blizzard came and it looked runny . it even tasted strange and rotten . within an hour i was pretty sick . never had a bad ice cream experience before this one . really disappointing", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love a good old dq cone every once in a while . sure they cost more than mickey d 's cones but no where as good . i went to this place couple days ago and the temp was 108f ! when i saw the dq down the hill i just had to stop and grab a dip cone . my daughter and i first had to make a potty break . the bathrooms were clean but just showed age of wearing . we went to the counter and ordered our cones . the cones were perfect ! the manager misunderstood my daughter 's order but without any issue quickly gave her a new cone . the manager was very friendly and nice . i am glad i stopped here because reminded me of playing baseball as a kid and went to dq after the game .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have stopped by this drive-thru many times over the last two years . i have always received fast , friendly service and good food . today i bought a tossed salad with grilled chicken . it was really good . for people not able to leave small dogs in cars or at home , this is a nice alternative . i wish there were more restaurants , like the ones in new york , that allow people to dine with their dogs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was excited to find a dairy queen close to home . but , that was short lived . i ordered a blizzard and it was below the rim and very short on additives . when i asked about it , i was told `` it 's within dairy queen guidelines '' . i 'm not a dairy queen expert , but this was sub-par to the other dairy queens i 've visited . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "times must be tough . ordered a butterfinger and it hardly had any butterfinger . wo n't go back . went back and they did fix the problem . but hey . get it right the first time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not sure why they are so mad here . got a blizzard and when they gave to me they had a look of death when the handed it to me . could act like you want to me here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dairy queen makes great ice cream , a nice place to hang out with my friends , and always nice and clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice ! great staff , the soft serve is excellent , they just remodeled and it is clean and comfortable . the manager is so willing to make things right for you . well done . there is no comparison to the others in the city , they far exceed them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "driving by and decided i need a dq . ordered a blizzard and a potato skin appetizer . the potato skin came back half frozen . the blizzard was a mess . certainly could not turn this upside down . it would have poured out of the cup . not a dq experience . bad service experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered online ( so simple ) order was ready when i got there 15 minutes later and the deluxe pizza & meatball sandwich were amazing ! i love that their sauce has a little kick to it . my meatball sub was more than one person can possibly consume . i think there were 10 meatballs on it and the sauce came separate so i could sauce according to my liking . the pizza which i call a supreme had tons of fresh toppings and comes on a light and airy crust that 's crunchy too ... .i could eat it all day long . bonus ... .if you have n't tried an eegee , make sure you do . lemon strawberry combo is delicious . there 's nothing about this order to go that i did n't like . it 's a bit warm in the restaurant for me but i was n't staying .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza , chicken wings , bread sticks arrive in less than 30 minutes ? a plus ! ! my family loved it , and my father is really picky about his pizza . i need to come in one day , i always pass by and i always get delivery . great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pizza in ahwatukee . also , mom & pop place which we all need to support ! ! ! go check it out next time you want good pizza pie !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my service comments have been removed , jody the owner contacted me with clearing any issues . i did not know a robbery occurred a day before my arrival .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3 2017 review update . having enjoyed zzeeks for a few years now , i thought i should update my review . zzeeks has a great variety on their menu . i recently tried the meatballs and i swear they are fantastic . i have to note that i do believe they have the very best service in all of ahwatukee . totally kid friendly . the delivery service is way above par . i ordered a salad for 12 people on christmas day and the owner actually delivered it on christmas . they also have yummy deserts ! this is a wonderful family friendly restaurant . the pizza is fantastic and the customer service is great . they make you feel like family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "zzeeks is one of the best around ahwatukee when it comes to a thin crust pie , wings and we love the bread dots . customer service is also great here . we get the bone-in-deal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just got a delivery and the sandwich was wrong . so i called them up and told expecting to get some push back or maybe a credit for next time but by the time i even finished telling the manager what was wrong she had the order resent out . her customer service was amazing . the rest of the order was correct and tastes great . this was my first time ordering and even though it was wrong i will be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will never again order from large chain pizzerias . ..wow , i am beyond impressed . pizza was great and the wings were perfectly crispy and not soggy at all as most delivery wings usually end up . i also ordered an eegees and it was frozen , not slightly melted . delivery was fast and delivery person double checked my credit card which i appreciate . 100 % recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dear mr. and mrs. zzeeks ; my husband and i can not stop talking about our experience , last night , at your ahwatukee location ! it was grreeaatt ! ! ! ! customer service was `` five star '' . you made us feel welcome and appreciated . drinks : we enjoyed your very cold beer , in frosted glasses . appetizer : pizza crust puffs ? these were delicious with the marinara sauce . fries : we had to try your fries and what an endless portion of yumminess . and , yes , we saved the best for last . main course : twelve inch pepperoni pizza . we savored every bite . piece by piece . slice by slice . wow ! thank you for your excellent food and service . supa trace", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been trying to find a good pizza place , so we tried out zeeks based on the good reviews . i 'm not sure i buy all of the 5 star reviews . i got their beast pizza , and my wife had the pesto chicken . my pizza was just average at best , and my wife said the same thing . i would put it on par with papa johns , but much more expensive . the search for great pizza continues .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "these guys make the best pizza ! they have so many options for crust , toppings , and sauces , which is amazing and something i look for . i get it delivered and it is always timely and looks like it was made with care and consideration , not just thrown together and tossed in the delivery bag . if you are looking for pizza variety that is well made , then go zzeeks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delivery people are great had a complaint about the food and got nothing but interruptions and back talk they even called me back to try to prove that i was wrong never again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "zeeks is awesome . i have never been inside but have ordered delivery numerous times . i am not a huge fan of their pizza but seriously.. order a side of meatballs . the best meatballs i have ever tasted . i ca n't get over it . they also make a great calzone . even the fries are bomb . oh ! and super fast delivery ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't know how we missed it all this time , been to enough chuck e cheese parties and never noticed zesty zzeeks . ordered a large cheese and put ham and pineapple on half for me . yes , everyone is correct they rock the hawaiian . covered in smokey ham and plenty of chunks of pineapple . the order taker enthusiastically sold me on the bread sticks ( nuggets ) and she was correct . my daughter even ignored the pizza to keep eating them . i was looking forward to the marinara but it was a bit too spicy for my wimpy digestion . definitely looking forward to repeating the experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a great experience , mainly due to the customer service . i decided to order a pizza relatively late at night , 10 pm . i received my pizza at 10 : 35 with an apology from the driver for his tardiness , along with the pie . he stated the pizza was late late due to the fact that the last one was `` too dark '' . they gave me the pizza that was `` too dark '' for free and a delicious pizza that was cooked just right . both on the phone and in person the staff was amazing in spite of the time of night . i feel with the right support this could be a great pizza shop for the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service ! ! ! i placed an order over the phone for my sons school and i had a lot of questions . sara was so patient , helpful , and answered all my questions . i will definitely use them again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing tvs everywhere all the sports baseball ticket nfl sinday ticket and college football this place is great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so usually i do n't give 5 stars to a fast food place but this is an awesome and amazing store ! service was with a smile and the chocolate cream filled doughnut was beyond delicious ! the mocha coollata i ordered with extra chocolate was one of the best drinks i 've ever had in my 23 years of life on this earth ! ! ! great job , dunkin !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a big fan of dd donuts , but i do like their breakfast sandwiches from time to time . they have a large variety and this location has a drive thru , so that 's an even bigger bonus . the parking for the outlets is always a nightmare , so i am not a big fan of having to maneuver my way around it to get here , but if you come early the location is a lot more convenient .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "apparently dunkin ' donuts is huge in the east coast , but the chain is still sporadically located in the west . i 've heard great things about their coffee . anyway , this was my first time trying it and i thought their iced latte with almond milk was amazing ! happiness and much-needed caffeine in a cup en route back home . knocked off two stars because yesterday the lady could n't hear us clearly at the drive thru and got frustrated . at the window , she told us , `` have a great day . '' it was in the most flat , sarcastic tone i 've ever heard in my life . she definitely did not want us to have a great day .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i work at the mall and they are suppose to open at 8 and i got there at 8:12 and asked if they were open yet and the lady working was very rude and she said in a minute and continued stocking donuts and went in the back for like 5 minutes then when she went to take my order she just stood in front of the screen not saying anything and just looked at me annoyed until i ordered then she did not add sweetener in my macchiato and it tasted like shit . eff this dunkin literally all their employees act rude and like they do n't want your service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my first time having a dunkin ' . it was good , not the best doughnut i 've ever had but good stuff overall . the coffee was the real star of this visit . i had it iced and with an extra shot . i was hungover and this place help tremendously . it really made my day . i 'd return if i ever go back to the outlets .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "our sweet tooth was aching ! came in to a very clean and well lit store . the customer service was friendly and warm . the munchkins were really yummy . try the pumpkin ones ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love dunkin donuts but will reconsider visiting this location . we ordered dozen donuts & a chicken salad croissant , donuts were prepared quickly , but we waited for 10min & decide to ask what 's taking so long for the chicken salad croissant ? they said `` ohhh we need to get that ready for you '' in less than two minutes it was done & the girl giving to my husband asked ( with an attitude ) `` is there anything else i can get for you or is that it ? '' do n't know what was really implied by that but we just said no and left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible service . waited in 15 min . one two people served . the line did not move . two workers . do n't know what the problem was . our party of 5 left after the 15min . pretty sad . by far the worst dunkin donuts in the valley .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "did not like the service ! ! old woman at drive thru is mean . seriously ? your going to walk away after you have displayed your anger ? all i did was drive to window when i did n't get a response from speaker . you only got 2 stars because the donuts are good . the birdie i gave you was only for you old woman ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what is with the dunkin donuts in las vegas ? poor customer service , the registers do n't work ( both times , months apart ! ) , and i 'm left wondering what i 'm charged is even remotely close to the correct amount . been here twice , both times the registers are n't working for whatever reason . we order a couple of things , then i 'm charged some random amount . never get a receipt because the registers are n't working . the worker making the drinks had to ask the person taking the orders what my order was several times . what 's so hard about a large iced tea with raspberry ? come on dunkin donuts , work on the customer service !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very rude customer service and two ladies helped me . neither said thank you neither asked what i wanted .. nothing . sabrina and her short chubby friend makes this high volume store look bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "even at 1:00pm in the afternoon , dunkin 's breakfast sandwich was a good break from shopping . hit the spot . friendly , even gave me a large garbage bag for my smaller items . thanks dunkin donuts !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "im only leaving this review cause i know some idiot ( the dude that was in line in front of me ) was going to leave a bad review . was in vegas on saturday and saw this in the mall and decided ive got to have some coffee after a 4 hour trek . got in line , this moron in front of me starts placing an order like hes at an upscale restaurant asking for everyones name and what the fuk is the soup du joir . after waiting on the idiot for 5 minutes he looks back and says look at the line ? yeah dumbshit the line you caused cause you wanted to sit there and bother the employees with a bunch of special requests and questions . i was going to cuss his twink ass out but i knew i was going to say something that would make him cry . after he left it was all great so 5 stars all the way . great service for a mall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst possible team ever ! ! ! 3 guys behind the counter , nobody knows what 's there.it 's not even a problem with the mixed up orders , the main problem is the time ! ! ! to wait 27 minutes for a coffee having in front of you 4 people with regular orders , i think this clearly show the level of professionalism of that team ! one guy at the counter , another one 's doing the coffee and another one back in the kitchen should be so simple ! not for this guys ! be aware , if you 're not willing to sacrifice your precious time in line , you should better go at the one across the parking lot , those guys they know what they 're doing blazing fast ! thank you !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's too simple just to read instructions and make a good sandwich . these people sorry to say are idiots . everything i asked for they did n't have . then when i get my sandwich that should have 4 slices of beacon it had 2 . refund please ! thanks mcdonald 's for feeding me", "score": "1"}
{"review": "racist behavior by the store staff . never got my order first in spite of ordering before others . the female worker did n't even care to say our order was ready . just got it out the order and walked off . never go to this place . very disappointing staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't live in las vegas , but i 'm a regular there , and dunkin ' donuts is a regular stop by my friends and i . the bathrooms were clean enough and the eating area was ok , but i guess they 're not used to their customers waiting for their order at the pickup area because the cook there this morning thought it was fine to pick up food that had fallen out of the bag and throw it back into the bag and then threw ( no exaggeration ) my bag into a pile of unknown liquid substance that was so substantial that she could not have missed it ( it leaked into my food ) as she yelled out my order . gross . needless to say , i will not be back , and if you must eat there , there are 5 bajillion other locations to choose from in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the donuts but not the price . i think i paid around 6 dollars for 4 frosted chocolate donuts and a small milk . donuts were fresh and soft and flavorful but the price was a bit high for basic donuts . good location and friendly service", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love coming here ! the owners are such nice people and everyone here treats you like family ! food is great and so are their cocktails . during the day , the restaurant is nice and quiet for having some breakfast or lunch . during most nights , they set up karaoke . on friday nights , it turns into almost like a club ; the place gets insanely crowded but the atmosphere is great ! they have all kinds of central american and mexican food and everything is super yummy and authentic . i love coming here for a tamales molcajete siete mares fix ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good but not as good as las pupsas only bouns is the 99cent deal on thursday usual menu with salvadorian and mexican food staff is a lot more friendly and do speak english unlike las pupsas . so if you ever need say like 29 pupsas defintly hit this place up on thursdays", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is pretty dang good . i ca n't say i have had much but i come here for the pupusas . i usually come here with big groups , the service has n't been the fastest but that could be because of the size of group i have been with . if you ask for something they will usually get it to you pretty quick though . they give you free chips in some tomato based sauce with cheese on top like jadira said . if you want more just ask and they will hook you up . the pupusas are flavorful and super cheap . most of them are only a $ 1.50 . ca n't really beat that . well you could but they are worth the buck fifty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every time i go to vegas , i have to stop here , hey have some of the best pupusa i have ever tried . the service is great , everyone is really friendly . loud music on the weekend though nights , but it 's vegas . why not ? i 'm going in september , it 's already on my itinerary .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just came here for the first time and i love the place ! i wanted pupusas and this was the closet place to me that served them . so glad i came because they were having a special for take out orders of pupusa for 99cents each ( no , it 's not thursday , it 's monday ) . the staff is beyond friendly and made it very comfortable for my children and i as we waited for our order . best customer service i have ever received in las vegas at any place ! i would love to come back and dine in and enjoy . oh and my pupusa were perfect ! not greasy or any of the complaints i have seen in other reviews . this is officially my pupusa spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place for breakfast . pretty easy to get a seat and creamy beans and eggs are so tasty . oh plus warm tortillas , avocado and cream . best place to get a breakfast that is n't jammed packed with summerlin families . waitresses are kind but limited english , but we can communicate just fine ; o )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came for my order for pickp 12 pupusas end one hour for make is that good i call 12:30 therey say like 20 ment but i came 1:45 came for pickp my order but is not ready when i ask she say the waiter if you wan na you can wait if no you can go out that 's good service that 's supos my favorite pupusa i no wan na go agent this place , !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my favorite place to eat i love this food so yummy , really good service , i go with my friends and family all the time ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "la comida muy rrica loque m\u00e1s me gusta esque tienen comida de guatemala honduras el salvador nicaragua y m\u00e9xico todo muy rrico y el servicio muy amable y rrapido selos recomiendo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this wonderful restaurant on a whim - menu has mexican , nicaraguan , guatemalan good- papusa were good and really liked thier free chips with red sauce and ground cheese . the steak was good as was all items plantain- will be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the food ! ! ! great service ! ! sweet n nice girls ! ! best rearaurant bar ever ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i went into this restaurant on a saturday around 7pm . we ordered an appetizer , guacamole , which was good , but the salsa tasted like watery tomato soup and cumin . we did n't order anything else , because while waiting for our appetizer they started showing a boxing match and they had the sound running through their stereo system , which was turned up so loud it was painful . while reviewing my credit card statement i noticed two charges from centro america : one for $ 7.43 , guac and tip , and another for $ 18.86 , which was never authorized . i attempted to call the restaurant several times to get the situation resolved , but either there was too much background noise and the person could n't hear me , they hung up on me after saying the manager was n't there , or they just hung up . i had to dispute the charge through my credit card company since centro america was no help . very unprofessional , painful atmosphere , and terrible customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for 4 pupusas and 3 margaritas , i was charged $ 40.88 . way overpriced for what i 've gotten and i did n't get my receipt back . no me gusta .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i think this is a very nice plate to eat all your favorite foods from centro america and mexico . ive been here years ago and i never like the place cuz of this service but its under new owner now and i love the service food is great . i recommend it 100 %", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excelente servicio . buena comida la mojarra rellena con camarones y las mangoneadas est\u00e1n deliciosas las recomiendo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food it 's so delicious , the staff are really friendly saturday nights are even better perfect place to chill with really nice music the dj it 's amazing . i recommend this place i love it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . food is always good and on point . only complaint is that it 's a little pricier than most central american places . food portions are big , unless you 're a big eater you will take some home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "el mejor servicio y la mejor comida la encuentras en centr\u00f3 am\u00e9rica restaurante , excelente", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had come here for years . until a few weeks ago when i went there with my friend . my pupusas took about 40 min to get there . the server was very rude . this happened around 1:30 pm on a weekday and we where the only people there . another time i order the dozen pupusas on thursday . when i got home and took a piece of a pupusas i noticed it was undercook the `` masa was cruda '' my gf said . we had to cook the pupusas for and additional 7 min over a pre heated skillet.. i have n't been there since then .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is good . prices are normal i guess . last saturday we decided to go and treat ourselves to a little extra because we had a restaurant.com $ 15 certificate which meant if we spent $ 30 or more at their restaurant they would deduct $ 15 . we got super excited and ordered a favorite shrimp dish , pupusas and yuca frita . when we were finally ready to pay , they would not honor the certificate i had purchased from restaurant . com . in fact they stated it was a scam and would simply not honor it . that absolutely made me mad ! why would they advertise themselves as something and not honor it . sad thing is that im a loyal customer of restautant.com and they could n't or wouldnt do anything either but to exchange the certificate for something else . well , im definately cutting my eating out list shorter from now on ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "voy solo por comprar pupusas tienen especial de lunes a viernes , la secci\u00f3n del restaurante las veces que he ido a recoger las pupusas veo muchas mesas sucias que se van los clientes y tardan mucho para limpiarlas , necesitan estar al pendiente de mantener m\u00e1s limpio . y se ve mucho desorden .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "la comida es riqu\u00edsima ! ! y la atenci\u00f3n es excelente ! ! las j\u00f3venes meseras son muy amables ! ! s\u00faper recomendado .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like coming here every now and then for traditional centraamerican breakfast.. so good ! try the agua de maracuya ! ok , so the last 2 visits i must say were not up to par ... so i brought my review down to 3 stars . our food took 40 minutes one time and 30 minutes the second time . both times i ordered baleadas -should n't take 40 mins . the first time ( maryland location ) the beans tasted burnt . the second time ( thought i 'd try the sahara location due to the bad experience last time ) and the dough on my baleadas was still raw on most parts ! both times both locations the service was poor . it was never like this before . i hope this was just a coincidence because i really do like coming here for breakfast occasionally . i will try it again and keep you yelpers posted ! i 've had my eye on a new joint called katracho restautant.. maybe i 'll need to switch to a new place for honduran breakfast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place is pretty nice so that 's not my beef . the service sucks sucks sucks . over priced for the wrong service and they will not refund anything . go elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the service was good . massage therapists were amazing and at a reasonable price , also easy to schedule appointments with them . they could afford to give away more toiletries though and not charge for `` additional '' ones . pool could stay open an hour later instead of closing at 10pm . lastly they need to take care of the roach problem around the pool at night ! ! yuck ! ! i know roaches are everywhere but come on.. dodging roaches while bare foot by a pool at night is not my idea of fun !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service here is the worst ! i called 4 different times for reservations and activities first time i was told to call back in 10 minutes , second time i was in the middle of booking an activity when the person asks `` can i call you back a customer just walked up '' i waited three hours before calling back and had to leave a vm . my husband was adamant about going there so he tried to call and was forced to leave a vm going on the third day and still no call back , we have booked another place that is wonderful ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is physically beautiful , but the customer service is poor and i can hear everything going on in the room above me . worst of all i was very ill my first night here and in the morning i asked to have my bedding changed . i was informed that there is a $ 15.00 charge to change bedding . i spoke with both the manager and general manager , but they were not interested in customer service . the gm actually sarcastically threatened me `` do i need to call the cdc ? `` ... because i wanted the sheets changed after being sick with a virus . ( i have this little exchange recorded ) . based on this experience i will never stay at another blue green `` resort '' .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "although the resort was nice , we were severely disappointed in the customer service . you would think that paying good money for a timeshare would result in a little more attention from the staff . we complained and the resort manager did offer us a few nights stay for free , however since this place is a 6 hour drive for us i do n't know that we will ever be able to use it . we appreciate him trying to make is right , which is why i wo n't give them only 1 star .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a great time this past weekend with my family . nice pool , nice room , i liked the food . the only complaint i had about the trip had nothing to do with the resort . someone could make a fortune putting in a good breakfast place anywhere within 3 miles of there . it does n't exist right now . but outside of that i had a very good time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a it 's a nightmare the worst customer service walked into my room and i have roaches call a couple of time to speak to the manager alex cruz left and him a voicemail and never returned my call back dont not book your vacation in this resort", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the resort property and the room were beautiful we could n't have been more pleased with that part . however , the customer service was n't the best . after coming back from a early dinner and trying to relax ( it is a resort that 's usually what they are for ) we were subjected to the child above us running around close to two hours . after i could n't take it anymore we called the front desk only to have them tell us that quiet hour was n't till 10:00pm but they would see what they could do . a little less than thrilled with that . the walls seem to be paper thin . hopefully with their new buildings it wo n't be like that even so still not too sure we would stay again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a typical 3 star timeshare `` resort '' . the bed comfort was ok , there were stains on the carpet . the lighting was horrible , it was hard to find a decent place to apply makeup . you are out of luck if you want to see yourself in a full body mirror , as there is n't one . they must not think that people like to look good on vacation . i also had a mani pedi , which was very relaxing ; however my polish was flaking off the next day . i would stay at a candlewood suites over this resort .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we used their banquet planning service for an anniversary party . they failed to have the room set up as agreed to , in writing on the day agreed to . this resulted in us having to rearrange the room and worry about last minute fixes making this a much more stressful situation . on top of this the food served made 19 people sick later that night . an attempt to work out problems and a refund for food and items not supplied took three months . this was just an unpleasant experience to what otherwise was a wonderful party . never again with this resort .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what you 'd expect from excellent dry cleaning service . quick , honest , and reliable . alterations on site as well . great location for those living in summerlin area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moved to las vegas and needed a place to get my clothes dry cleaned . tried a few nearby places like al philips , fazio 's , and boston cleaners , but they were so expensive and did n't really do that great of job . i drove down charleston to go to kfc when i noticed polo cleaners . i got to say that i was first skeptical about polo because they were so cheap compared to the other places . i figured lower prices mean lower quality , but that is not the case . all my clothes come out great and they provide excellent customer service . for example , a button on one of my shirts fell off one morning and the next time i dropped off and picked up that shirt the missing button was replaced with a new one . i never even asked them to sew one on for me . the lady that works there also does alterations which is a plus for me because i get pants altered all the time . 5 stars all the way for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for a new dry cleaner so i gave polo cleaners a shot based on the positive reviews . i was disappointed by the high prices - $ 5 to dry clean a man 's dress shirt , $ 7.50 for a blazer and $ 12.50 for a two piece suit ( pants jacket ) . the high prices might have been justified for same day service , but it was standard two day service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this dry cleaners ! as others have mentioned their prices are fair and consistent within the immediate summerlin area . what i love about this particular place is the family who owns it is very customer service oriented - always pleasant and conversational . we have minimal needs ( suits and coats are the extent of what we get dry cleaned ) but they always do a great job . organized , efficient , fairly-priced , and friendly - that is everything i can ask for ! definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! so amazed . i popped in here because its near many businesses i visit . i had 6 pieces : 1 dress , 1 pair of linen pants and 4 silk blouses . i was expecting a hefty bill but was so pleasantly surprised with how inexpensive my dry cleaning was ! not only were the prices amazing , my clothes came back amazing ! ! i am so impressed and i will continue using polo cleaners as long as i live in vegas ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is long overdue ... after many errors i felt the need to warn others : this is a subpar establishment . the owner is actually very kind , knowledgeable , and excellent customer service . it 's her hired assistant , a senior korean woman that ruins it : she has given me wrong dry cleaning , ca n't operate the cashier , and today , was the last draw . i always get alterations here & the owner is an excellent seamstress . i walked in , her assistant is solo . i asked her if she can do alteration , she said yes . i try on a full sequin gown , and i walked out to see her wide eyes , blank face , clearly overwhelmed . she barely constructed this : `` i no do but i measure . if you want , come back next wk . `` . seriously ? ? ? could n't you tell me that before ? i asked when next week , she said `` everyday , no monday , but except monday morning . '' what the .. ? waste of time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am giving this 5-star rating in regards to a phone call with the seamstress . she was polite efficient and friendly . thank you polo cleaners for your friendly phone service ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "polo cleaners ran an ad in the rj- $ 12.99 for a bedspread or comforter . when i brought my comforter in which needed to be dry cleaned , i was told the ad was laundry only and the price would be $ 38.00 . the ad did not state laundry only . i wo n't be returning to polo cleaners . very deceptive advertising .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent cleaner . when you say no starch , they listen . they do n't give you all that extra plastic stuff in the shirt collars so it 's easy to put your dress shirts on in the morning ! easonable prices compared to neighborhood cleaners . very pleasant staff . just wished they had one day cleaning , then i 'd give them six stars ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my go to dry cleaner ! awesome at alterations too ! helen is why i go here . her service is the best and will alway go the extra to make you happy ! i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bring your ei cheques ! ! this place caters to the downtrodden of the area there is no question . this establishment is a scourge to the neighborhood and many people within earshot of the place would like nothing more than to see it shut down . late night music and outdoor screaming , fights , yelling , etc . i have talked to people who have had their vehicles pissed on from people leaving this place or had their children awoken in the middle of the night due to screaming or fighting . the best thing that could ever happen to the woodbine danforth area would be to see this place disappear . i would never go in there nor ever recommend anyone else to go in there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly service but we could not get past the smell that hits you when you walk in . eau de hobo .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had the unfortunate experience of being served a pint that the barmaid tried to nurse to life , knowing it was n't right before she gave it to me . food is extremely greasy and tasteless . toilets are smelly and dirty . staff are most unfriendly to anybody . this claims to be an irish pub but it is the furtherest thing removed from an irish pub i have ever seen or experienced . i will not be returning to this local dive again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love love love this place . we were visiting toronto and got a vacation rental in the neighborhood . this place was 5 mins walk from our place so we decided to check it out and i am so glad we did . it became our favorite hangout spot , not to mention the only place with $ 5 glass of wine . the bartender was so great . she introduced us to the owner who got us free drinks . the locals who hangout there were so great to us . we had a blast at this place . anyone visiting toronto and are in the east york neighborhood , definitely check this place out . such a great time here and i have tons of pictures to prove it haha .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great cozy local pub with a good selection of beer on tap . the ambiance needs a little work ( lighting is too bright ) but the staff are friendly and nice space to unwind after a long day at the office .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is fun to look around in . lots of costume pieces and crazy things you would only see at a place like this , which seems to have been here for years . nothing was priced , which i found annoying . very little in the way of larger sizes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're going for costume wear , this place would probably be great . it 's stuffed to the gills and has a very wide range of apparel . it 's the kind of place that looks and feels like it has a thin layer of grime over everything , and some of the stuff could be in better condition - but it 's priced reasonably for what it is . there are some very nice vintage pieces in there , but you have to dig for them . last time i was there , i found a coral 50s shirtdress in good , wearable condition for under $ 20 , and a loose short-sleeved sweatshirt ( i think around $ 10 ) that i wear constantly . minimal size information on the tags .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a nice italian restaurant with good food , and a not-too-pretentious atmosphere ( it 's a little worse for wear in places ) . they 've got a proportionately large patio right along yonge , which is great for up-close people watching , if a bit noisy ; on the other hand , the back of the interior is intimate at night , but just plain dark during the day . try the spaghetti agli olio , or the pizza con pollo , which has a nice thin ( but still chewy ) crust , and a great mix of sweet and spicy flavours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love spiga , every time i walk in i 'm always greeted with a warm welcome . the servers are knowledgeable and friendly . the food is fantastic and reasonably priced for such generous portions . you can tell all the food is fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lunch ambience food service value : 3.5 repeat : no this is likely a good neighbourhood resto for locals .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a nice time here . our server was incredibly warm and welcoming . the food was pretty standard , nothing to write home about . the prices were reasonable . 3.5", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good food , service , and ambience . everything i expect from a trattoria . we shared the salami cheese app , my wife got the pasta special : penne in garlic and oil with seafood . i got the pasta spiga which has seafood and veal in a blush sauce ( weird combo but delicious ) . we would go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mediocre italian . i got the pizza con pollo , which was n't awful , but it was definitely not great : served lukewarm , with rubbery mozzarella and a weird sweet chili sauce . my dining companion got the veal special , which seemed okay . the service was cold and unwelcoming . pizza was $ 12 ; with coffee , lunch for two came to around $ 31 . so not too expensive , but i wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we eat at spiga all the time and yes we live in the neighborhood . the bottom line is this is a traditional italian restaurant run by a family that takes the time to welcome you into their `` home '' . and unlike some uptight italian eateries they do n't mind making changes to suit your tastes . make sure you go when joe is in the kitchen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a really nice-looking , fancy-ish italian restaurant . the food here was pretty good and seemed authentic . i ordered the pizza al salmone - a white pizza with baby arugula and smoked salmon , red onions , capers and mascarpone cheese . it was interesting eating a white pizza for the first time ( i.e . no tomato sauce ) but i enjoyed it . i was n't thrilled with the service though , it looked like there was only one lady who was working there who greeted us at the door and seated us and took our orders and then brought our food , and honestly she was n't all that friendly . she seemed a little curt at times , and then explained the concept of a white pizza to me when i placed my order , but in a slightly condescending way . honestly , the food here is n't bad , but there are other italian restaurants in the area which are just as good ( nove trattoria up the street , for example ) where the people are so much friendlier , which makes for a better dining experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good southern food buffet . the chicken was excellent and all of the veggies were delicious . i had turkey with gravy and stuffing , fried chicken , baked chicken , fried pickles , fried green tomatoes , baked sweet potatoes with marshmallows , broccoli casserole , and mac and cheese . everything was good , no complaints . service was courteous and prompt . tables were clean , food area was clean and organized , price was less than $ 10 per person including a drink . i went on a wednesday , and each day they have different selections added for variety . they are closed on monday . highly recommended if you like that type of cuisine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is far from grandma 's cooking but it 's decent and cheap if you 're in the area . the buffet is divided by meats , veggies starches , salad bar , and desserts . the food overall is below average to average with the dessert being the highlight . the service was great ... .if they put a little tlc into the food they will be on to something ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disappointing . this place is run by asians . the food is average `` buffet '' food . there is a good variety , but not all is good quality .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ever wonder where that dive with the best southern food is ? it 's here at green tomato ! best fried chicken and fresh vegetables . even though it 's buffet , the food is always fresh . you ca n't beat the price and there is always something quirky going on , like girls dancing after their recital or a random waitress singing karaoke . you 're guaranteed a great time and great food for a great price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good grandma like food . buffet and restaurant are clean . waitresses are attentive and quick with taking plates away and refills . the only place this restaurant falters is the desserts . the desserts are not good at all . so if you have a sweet tooth save room and go somewhere else for that . fried chicken is finger licking good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "everything was very good . the fried green tomatoes were a bit too greasy for me the meat loaf , fried chicken , mac n cheese , sweet potatoes were excellent service was great and friendly . atmosphere leaves much to be desired . went on a tue evening and paid 6.99ea .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "place is now closed for business . they have a sign on building saying it will be a hibachi buffet in the future .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "why is everything fried ? ? ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ? ! ? ! ? ! i need a good vegan place that knows how to cook without frying everything . please consider trying other methods other then frying .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well , i heard about this buffet so i wen't.. mind you , i am coming from a 3 hour drive from atl and ''i am hungry '' . the food was ok , i had better . but , the sweat ice tea was great . the soul food does n't really taste like real southern food , but i guess it will do .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "when i 'm in the mood for pizza that 's a step up from costco and pizza hut , barro 's is definitely my go-to . i 've only had their regular pepperoni pizza and their wings , and i have yet to be disappointed with the food . the sauce is delicious and the pizza has always been cooked to perfection . they can definitely get pretty busy , though , so if you 're placing a to-go order on one of their busier nights , you might need to wait an extra 10-15 minutes on top of the estimated time that they give you when you place your order online or over the phone . this place can also get super packed with kids since they have a game room in the back , so if you do n't want to hear a bunch of screaming and yelling , you should probably get your food to go like me . their medium pepperoni pizza runs for about $ 10 and feeds two people . definitely a safe bet !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what happened ? ever since the move it 's been downhill . 1 girl working the register. , and 1 cook in back . they have a line out the door , but severly understaffed to handle it . the pizza is still good , but good luck finding a clean table to eat it on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cheese pizza was so salty it was inedible . i have to think something has changed or the accidentally dropped the salt shaker on this one . please check the sodium content on your ingredients barro 's . i hope your reading your reviews and taking this stuff to heart . we have loved supporting this business for the last 10 years+ .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the pizzas here are pretty good for a chain . they also have a large amount of gluten free options . we carried out pizza from here on my visit to arizona , so i ca n't speak to dining in the restaurant . the interior is nice , with classic elements of a bar pizza place . i had the pan crust meat lovers . the crust was cooked excellently , with a little bit of char to it . the amount of toppings was generous for a chain . the toppings were fairly fresh , not canned like a lot of places . they had our order ready right on time and were very friendly . overall , much better than pizza hut or dominos .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place drives me nuts . the staff is so blase about their job and service . twice the have not honored the prices advertised on their menu . first time was for specials on a separate board . i was told it was passed time . okay , fine even though nothing states that . next time they charged me almost double what the menu listed as the price for beer . when i questioned it i was told the prices had changed . um , do n't you have to change the menu on the wall then to reflect that ? have had the pizza , gluten free pizza , wings and ravioli . they are all fine . the cheese garlic bread and cookie dessert are my favorite menu items though . i do like that they let any age order off the kids menu if you want a smaller meal with a drink .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have a question . when i was a kid , we always went to barro 's and at that time everyone pronounced it 'bear o 's , ' but now everyone is pronouncing it 'bar o 's . ' what 's up with that ? but i digress , barro 's is decent cheap pizza . they have smokin lunch specials with a slice going for 1.75 $ the pizza is greasy and heavy ... nothing artisan or fancy about it , but it 's consistently decent . is this the best pizza place in town ? not even close . is it decent and cheap ? absolutely .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "used to order from here a lot ! then , the pizzas started getting delivered soggy and drowning in grease . finally decided to give them another try , so i ordered thin crust , hoping to avoid the sogginess . totally disappointed . sog city . they 're also really inconsistent with their wings . sometimes they 're drenched in sauce , and sometimes bone dry . not worth $ 40 for pizza and wings , delivery and tip . i 'm done .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great pizza and even better wings . i recommend the sweet red chili flavor ! good , consistent service keeps us coming back almost weekly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the family and i love this place . the pizza is fantastic , they load on the toppings . definitely try the chicken supreme . you wo n't be disappointed . my kids really enjoy playing and eating in the kids area and devour the pizza . the price is very reasonable and even more so when considering all the food you get . i highly recommend barro 's pizza .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still the same barro 's i loved in mesa . this one was big , and had a lot of tables . it was very busy , which is not a surprise . the only flaw i saw in the whole place is that the soda machine is past the cash registers . so people paying picking up and people going to refill drinks keep crossing paths . a place that busy , it was kind of annoying . pizza was as good as i expected .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pizza for a reasonable price . the staff was very nice as well . you ca n't beat 4.75 for pizza and unlimited drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably some of the very best pizza in town ! if you want great tasting pizza and you want it pretty fast , then come to barrio 's ! they make outstanding pizza in either a regular or thin crust and the toppings are well supplied . multiple size choices to choose from along with wings if you want those as well . this may be a `` chain type '' store , but this is n't your run of the mill pizza . you will not be disappointed ... give barrio 's a try , they are worth it ! lieutenant colonel t flynn , us army , retired", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2-3 stars -- we visit this location often . their gf pizza is not good and very expensive . i would not recommend the gluten free pizza . however , their regular pizzas are pretty good . not our ideal pizza , not our favorite pizza but it 's good enough for when on the run . the kids really like it . ps- i do wish the location was a bit cleaner . it seems to be run by teenagers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've had the wings before here and thought they were good so i got carry out and ordered them again . nobody likes dry wings ... right ? therefore wings that have a lot of sauce of them should be good ... right ? what i got was 12 wings sitting in 2 inches of sauce ... i literally had to fish out every wing from being totally submerged . on top of that they took my celery ( 2 pieces ) and threw it in a brown paper bag with a packet of ranch . just what everyone wants from their vegetables ... floating around in a brown paper bag with a plastic ranch container that has touched god knows what . i think that they mean well but in the end it just makes the wings almost offensive to eat . i suggest you ask for light sauce and if you want more just get some on the side .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tables are always dirty and sticky , pizza is good but hit or miss most of the time . to much inconsistency to come back . i 'd rather eat costco where i know it will be good every time . looks like this place used to be better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "usually barros is very consistent with their taste and quality , this last time we went it was n't as good . they need to change their honey bbq sauce back to the original , this time is tasted very orangey . the pizza was n't cut very well and the lack of the toppings were all put towards the middle", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yummy who does n't love pizza ? ! ? this local was perfect right by my husbands work that night . we both wanted something fast and amazing we ordered the meat lovers which was amazing and taste ! ! ! i love a good pizza pie ! i would totally love to try other types of pizza and other things on the menu at some point but it was pretty tasty", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some of the best pizza in town ! great crust and great marinara sauce . the wings are very average . good wing sauces , but under baked for wings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is closed . see my review for the new location- also 3 stars", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered two slices of pizza , cashier said `` only one left i 'll bring the other one to your table '' . fifteen minutes later i went back to the counter . after five minutes i had to call it to her . claimed my pizza had just come out and cook was slicing it . five minutes later she literally drops a plate with two slices of personal pizza on my table and says this is all we have . no apology before hurrying away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great pizza for good prices . small quiet place to eat in or carry out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "look , it 's by no means `` chicago-style '' pizza , but hey , it 's excellent pizza . they get all the ingredients right , resulting in a damn good slice . and $ 4.50 for two slices is excellent . never a wait , interesting toppings for the walk up slices . great place to stop in for a slice , 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lunch time deal is amazing . good pizza , wings . it 's nice if you wan na get out of the house but still have pizza . def will keep coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have eaten here or ordered from here religiously place is consistently good . 24 bone in or bone out wings deal with an xl 1 topping pizza is a quick and delicious meal for you and your pals ! i have gotten their medium one topping only $ 9.48 +tax which is perfect for just the two of us , its always hot , delicious , a bit greasy ( which makes it good ) and has the best cheese , to bread , to meat , to crust ratio out of any pizza i have had . by far this place is great for a quick slice , a meal , or for some party food while the game is on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "far better pizza than any other around . for the same price as the paps john 's and domino 's too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in to order a pizza . what i wanted was very simple . a pizza pie and extra mozzarella cheese on the side so when i go home , i can put cold cheese on top of the warm pie . in ny , it 's called cold cheese pizza . i was looked at like i was crazy and the manager said they do n't do that because i 'd be leaving with their product uncooked . i 've been to many pizzerias in az , and never encountered this before . if i 'm paying for the item , what i do with it after is none of your concern . waiting in the pizzeria right now to try it for the first time , let 's see how it goes . so far something very simple became very complex .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fantastic ! ! ! refreshing to finally taste great pizza . it will be a regular when ever i come to phx . i 'm happy i did n't listen to some of the reviews ... . they are so off ! really ! ! ! ! one of the comments was he was going to vomit . my pizza tonight was so fresh , hot and full of fantastic ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had delivery which was timely . however , the pizza was cold , very greasy . we got the mega meat which was very very salty tasting . not impressed . p. s. we only live 1 2 mile from the restaurant so no excuse to be cold .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service at this barros is great . we have always gotten our food real fast and it is always fresh . the barros special pizza is the best . the wings are always great . they have tvs going to keep you entertained . i also like how they have a separate kids area so there are not tons of rugrats running around . they also have awesome lunch specials where you can get pizza by the slice and a drink for super cheap .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tasty pizza . affordable . clean place . they know how to take care of their customers . i am very appreciative !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love barros but this location is horrible . i placed an order over the phone for 12 wings and garlic bread . they told me 15 minutes . i arrived , paid , and they said it would be a few more minutes . 45 minutes later the gal asked what the name was again and realized my food had been sitting there the entire time . her response.. `` oops . '' my food was cold & disgusting . i did n't eat it . will never be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really enjoy the lunch specials that barro 's offers ! ! a few negatives ... .do n't put my order on a dirty tray ... .2:13pm 12 dirty tables ... hire more people or train staff to clean tables in between customers ... lastly please do n't reach on the inside of the cup with your fingers ... .common sense food handling skills ... hope the mgr takes note and makes changes ... this will not prevent me from coming back but will note changes . pizza , salad and drink were good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "staff was too busy gossiping with one another and talking badley about other employees to bring me my pizza when it was done .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best pizza in town ! crust is fab ! service is outstanding ... highly recommend barro 's pizza ! ! plus coke ... love it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the chicken supreme thin crust and it was okay . it did n't really look like thin crust and it was kind of soggy . they do put a lot of topping on it , but i would have rather gotten the thin crust at dominos .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "location close to my job always a go to for lunch . husband and i had the basic some pizza and wings nothing too exciting calm location not a lot of people which was good because the wait was short . the bathrooms could use some more tlc . staff was nice and courteous . would definitely go back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's too bad that i can not review the doctor . i called to set up an appointment per instructions from the animal foundation for my newly adopted dog , and the lady was rude , did n't listen to what i was saying , and treated me as if i was an interruption . i wo n't go to a place that treats me like that on the phone ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bad service . wanted to board my dogs for couple of nights so i went in and asked for some informations . the lady their was totally rude . was n't helpful and did n't really answer any of my question . ended up taking my dogs boarding at petsmart for the doggie hotel .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to the new location on horizon ridge . i 'm very impressed with the facility . finding an affordable and good veterinarian is a hard combo . the office is beautiful . the staff is caring and personable . the test was taking in my precious old girl . nearly 16 . we just needed a safe place to check her out for a pill refill . they did n't try to convince to do extra work on her . they respected all our wishes . they were gentle and loving . i immediately called the old vet and ask for the family records of her sister . they are also the taking care of the new addition little febie our kitten . along with their knowledge of animal medicine they have compassion and respect for the parents wishes . i encourage all near by families looking for a good family vet to try henderson animal hospital !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i now remember why i do n't go to this vet anymore , the staff is so rude as far as shaking heads and giving dirty looks . the prices are decent compared to other vets in the area but that is not worth being treated like an interruption to their day especially since customers are why they are in business right ? no wonder you only see maybe one other customer the entire time you are there . long wait times , with or without an appointment . taking my furry friends elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "am temporarily in the area and needed to have a growth checked on my dog . everyone from the front desk , vet techs and dr. aybar were fantastic . the facility is a bit dated , no moving tables so you have to get down on the ground to do the exam and procedures . they were able to check the slide samples while i waited . we had a great experience . i would recommend this to any friend : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this has been the greatest place for my furry babies ! ! they were so kind and caring when i lost my sweet dog . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are new to town . took my lab in for booster shots . overall seems like a nice office . the vet did n't really talk too much . she just checked our dog out and gave her its shots . the dog was really comfortable with her and even wanted to lick her face . we will be taking out other dog there as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "most miserable vet experience ever . both times i have been here now for our dog the lack of professionalism displayed by every member of this staff is appalling . could not recommend more to stay away from this over priced under care facility . what a joke !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "anna , one of the vet techs , came in to visit my dog during his most recent visit . she had cared for him while he was in the hospital several months ago . my dog treated her the way he only has ever interacted with me . he knew that she had been so kind and caring while saving his life . it turned out that she would sit in his cage with him trying to get him to eat . to see my dog act this way brings tears to my eyes to think that this woman treated him the way i treat him . to dr. vanderwalt , anna , and all the staff , my heartfelt and deepest gratitude for the care you provided and continue to provide .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the entire staff is very nice and friendly . my first visit was last december when my cat was dying and i called a lot of vet offices and none would squeeze me , but the staff here was very nice & told me to come whenever i could get there.. since that time i have started taking my dog here and the doctor is very sweet and caring . i really could n't ask for anything more , they are awesome", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been patients of henderson animal hospital for about 17 years and the service has always been exceptional . recently dr. aybar saw my 20 year old cat and fortunately was able to save her life . thanks to chris and brenda as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "henderson animal hospital is wonderful we have been bringing our fur babies here since we moved to henderson in 2012 . dr aybar is awesome i love that she is very hands on and treats my boys like they are the most important fur babies that have ever walked through the door . i love the staff , brenda at the front desk is top notch , kris , stephanie and all the rest are great i can not say enough how kind and caring they are .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had my kitty euthanized at this animal hospital . everyone here was so kind and respectful . barbara the receptionist was so kind and caring . thank you for making this horrible time bearable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. aybar takes really good care of my dog , and they all act like they care about him there . he is 12 years old and getting near the end and he gets really scared at the vet , but they are very nice , and have been very kind to us . this place is very nice . very respectful , reasonable prices too , and honest , straight talk in easy to understand terms .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yikes . i have n't been back here in a while , but maybe that 's a good thing ? i ordered the chicken avocado salad , picked it up and when i got back to work and finally opened it up the sight was abysmal . i paid $ 10 bucks and all i got was one slice of avocado and like 4 tiny pieces of chicken . what the hell ? ? ? i 've never seen a more sorry salad in my life . very frustrated that i basically paid $ 10 bucks for lettuce . at that price point the salad should be full and hearty . i definitely got jipped !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent food , great service , beautiful environment . had the inspired italian omelette and it was very tasty ... not so sure that oj is actually 100 % fresh squeezed but tasted good nonetheless . reasonable prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "incredibly fresh food . the bread and strawberry jam are to die for . highly recommend the hash ... .potatoes & eggs cooked to perfection ! friendly service and a cool vibe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the trifecta it was delicious ... i added a banana granola crunch pancake mmmm good ! try the day glow for an energizing drink . treat yourself to the chicken salad melt , you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really bad service ! waited 15-20 minutes before someone came to our table to see what we wanted to drink . 45+ minutes before we got our food ; that we ordered the same time when we ordered drinks . once food was delivered our waitress walked away and we had no silverware ! could n't find a waiter in sight so had to walk to the hostess to get some . waiters must all hang out in the kitchen because you did n't really see them walking around checking on customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service was mediocre with absent minded server , clumsy lady that brought our food to the table , and just an overall feel that it was not a smooth running operation . food was actually good . glad to see they served chilaquiles ! although nowhere near as good as those offered at authentic mexican places ... it was a good attempt . what 's with the first watch name ? i felt that we were driving up to an urgent care center or some kind of a security alarm store . i think i liked the cheerful bright atmosphere better when these were good egg restaurants . not the darker , pretentious , artificially hip scottsdale environment that this one exudes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really bad service , i wo n't be back here . i wanted a to go box and i sat around for 30 minutes to no avail .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've come to this location twice and sat down for a significant time , without receiving any service at all . i typically go to the other location on frank loyd wright , where i always get amazing service . i hope with all the servers they had at this location , they could make time for everyone they sit down . i would hate to think i was n't served for other reasons .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place ! they have another location that i went to every so often but it was a little out of my way . now they 've opened a new location and it 's close to my work . these restaurants should sell stock , because i 'd buy a lot of it . their menu is healthy , fresh and delicious - perfect for today 's day and age . as far as what i like , their power wrap and the avocado toast are two of my favorites . if you live near the airpark , you need to try this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best coffee , great breakfast . a little pricey for what you get . hostesses are a hit or miss - either nice or rude . waiters are usually attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food and service . and they had a table with a 110v with usb charge port built in ! ! bonus .. ; ) . my waffle and eggs were perfect . i had the grapefruit juice for a drink and it was fresh squeezed . highly recommended . the only down side , which is n't bad really , is that i wish they would open earlier . oh yeah , the wifi did n't work when i tried it ( at least the open wifi labeled `` first watch open `` ) . the prices are reasonable , good food overall , and they offer a a nice , bright , clean and open setting . they also have a nice patio for casual outside dining . check it out ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was as expected . younger blonde female server was very attentive but not overly friendly . perfect blend in the food industry . come for a good breakfast with a great atmosphere and phenomenal service . really ca n't rate this place any higher solely based on their level of attentiveness and sincerity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just found this place and will surely be coming back ! i had the benedict florentine and it was just how i like it . interesting twist putting it on a ciabatta instead of english muffin . was delicious ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy there is a first watch closer to my house . i love there pecan salad . the service is fast , courteous and drinks stay filled . the food tastes good if i eat in or take it to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ate at this location for the first time on new years day when it was still the good egg . it was so good so we came back the following weekend to find that it was now first watch . initially disappointed we stayed for breakfast and have returned many times since ! i love everything about this place -- friendly staff , cute decor and egg-cellent food ! : ) we 've even taken out of town guests and they enjoyed it just as much . my go-to is the veggie market skillet ( to die for ! ) but i had a waffle this morning and it was delicious ! we 've tried other fw locations but this is my favorite : ) highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think i hit this place on an off day . the food was so-so as was the service . i ordered one pancake and a side of potatoes . the pancake was dense and the potatoes were barely warm . i was n't able to finish the pancake nor my potatoes . my daughter opted for an early lunch and she had the sandwich and a salad . she pawned the salad off on me , but it was completely sopped with dressing ( oil ) that i could n't eat that either . i left to visit the ladies room and when i returned , the server had left the bill on the table with my children . wth ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my first time visiting first watch , nice cozy place . service was pretty good . food was very good , especially the potatos , out of this world .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time at first watch . at 75 years i have sampled many a breakfast . their farmland scramble was the best i ever eaten . now my favorite breakfast place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the biscuits and gravy and received something that looked like a hamburger bun with dinner gravy on top of it . needless to say it is clear firstwatch needs to research what `` biscuits and gravy '' truly entails . sent my plate back and got the power wrap knowing that it 's simple ingredients could not be up for interpretation . i also ordered the nutella french toast which was made on a ciabatta bun ... once again i was let down by a dry soggy piece of bread with fruit sprinkled atop and an insufficient amount of nutella . would n't recommend eating here if you have any standard of breakfast foods -- would honestly rather eat at ihop or denny 's", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place . love the power quinoa breakfast bowl . awsome service by staff . only wished the kept a veteran discount they had in the past .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was just ok . the skillet was pretty small for the price compared to other breakfast places , and the orange juice had a strong ( and gross ) aftertaste that reminded me of the wheat grass shots from jamba juice . i asked for an english muffin with my skillet but the whole grain toast was packed inside my to go bag instead . i probably wo n't be back unless the whole office decides to try the lunch menu . the servers were pleasant though . : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent healthy choices ! finally healthy food ! ! ! ! ! ! healthy fresh veggie , fruit drinks . could order all day", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we dine here often , and are never disappointed in the food . their breakfasts are hands down the best of any neighboring typical breakfast place . their burgers are fresh , juicy & made to order , fries , onion rings , always generous portions . the servers are all very good , fast , attentive and friendly . over the years we 've eaten probably most items on the menu , we 've never walked out hungry or dissatisfied . would highly recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yeah . uhhh , well , where do i start ? how about this , the bottom line , maybe this place just was not for me . i had a craving for meatloaf and honestly i am not sure what i was served , but it was not good . their meatloaf is basically two slices of institutional meat with a cup of gravy poured over it . the sides were not much better but i can not even remember what they were at this point . my kid ordered the bratwurst dog , and it was not even served with kraut so left him kind of annoyed as well . not sure i will be trying here again , but i guess i was not even sure about trying them in the first place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is a solid 3 stars . not that it 's bad , just not going to set the world on fire with quality . it 's consistent though . huge burgers . quality sides like the onion rings , loaded waffle fries and cheese and chili fries . tasty ranch to put on anything , but it does n't really need it . excellent shakes and malts ! the real thing . bring your kids here so they grow up knowing the difference between a real shake or malt and what mcdonalds and jack in the box serve . open pretty late too and they have outside or inside seating . my hubby and i love going in the evening and swinging to the music they play . oldies but goodies all the way around .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was average service was pleasant . place was clean and food was good . had issues with card reader and took a long time to process . next day noticed several charges for different amounts . called in to straighten out and manager owner was going to call back ... no call . next day eve this time evening manager says the manager owner will call later after they check the tickets . gave him all the data incl ticket info and tracking details . no call . wrote concern to corporate and web . no call and no return . after 1 week charges did get resolved on bank statement . still no contact . these things happen and i do not believe it was intentional . i would have expected some kind of personal contact . not going to visit this location or any others due to the way this situation was handled by local and corporate . my repeat business is unimportant and the only effort for any resolve was simply to answer my banks investigation . see ya !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was good shakes were awesome . service was really great really out standing . was very clean inside and out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time here and with the franchise . came in last night after eight in the evening , the manager greeted us and told us that shakes and appetizers were two dollars off . we ordered the kettle chips with no peppers , i was surprised . i had no idea what they were my bf did and it was really good . then he got the new yorker while i got the philly cheese steak . both were really good . then we got one chocolate shake and split it between us . considering a long day after christmas decorations and shopping , this was needed and we were so hungry . i would n't order the appetizer for myself because even though i shared it , all that food made me want to die after we left but my taste buds were happy . lol staff was super super nice , polite and attentive with our needs . i do n't know why there is only three stars for this place but i think it 's improved from whatever problems it 's had in the past .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am also surprised by the low reviews , how can mcds next door score higher . i came here with my 2 1 2year old . very nice employees . food is typical diner food . very generous portions . who finishes , thank goodness for to go box . i am a bit shocked how big the kids meal is . 2 very big mickey shaped pancakes w 2 large slices of bacon . my little eater has plenty left over , i could 've just shared . the place is very busy for a saturday night . i will definately be back . i would also recommend it for a cheap , quick bite . : ) i hope they keep getting good ratings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is great , like a real 50 's diner . the jukeboxes on the tables are just for show , do n't work , would have been nice if they did . the raspberrry ice tea and strawberry lemonade were great , real flavor . we ordered chicken noodle soup which was good , but skimpy on the chicken . $ 3 for a super small cup . the pot roast was good , again , skimped on the meat . the corn beef sandwich had great flavor , but again was very skimpy on the meat . service was great , but the portions could have been better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was alright , nothing special , a bit bland . the water tasted so bad though , bad enough that you could still taste it through iced tea or tap water , do they not have a filter ! ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cute reminiscent `` diner `` with an unfortunate corporate feel . the food is good enough for what it is . cutesy 3 4 attempt at a 50 's diner . not much else to say", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm surprised at the low ratings . this place was recommended by family while we were in the area to visit from ca . good food , big portions , very nice staff . plus you ca n't beat the 99 cent meals for kids during the week . milkshakes were made with fresh ingredients , huge and the way they should be made . reminded me very much of the diners i used to eat at with my grandparents as a kid . will definitely be back again the next time we are here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on our way to grandma 's house and find this on the way . very classic diner look and feel . waitress was really nice also . i ordered a green chile burger with onion rings and a root beer shake . when the burger came out and the smell of the green chile , almost heaven . the burger overall was good but didnt blow me away . the onion rings where good also but samething , nothing great . the thing i liked the most about the onion rings was the coating . my complaint about them was that you couldnt bite thru the onion without pulling the whole thing out , which ruins it for me . the shake was great . i would go back here . there was a lot of different burgers i would try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i recently tried 5 & diner for the first time ever and it was ok . the food was n't great , but it was on par with denny 's and other diners like this . the restaurant looks very cool , which was probably my favorite thing about it . i just did n't think the food was too special , although i might give it another shot sometime .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always will be a family favorite because of the atmosphere and memories ! totally cute place to go with the family and really good desserts !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i could choose no stars for this place i would . the only thing that was decent was the waitress . she was super sweet . first , i have never had fish and chips that was not edible . until now that is . the grease was literally pooled on my plate . even after soaking it up with a napkin it was swimming . i cut into it and the fish was n't even cooked . gross my friend ordered the pot roast . one bite and she was done . i think her words were something akin to `` dog food . '' if this was n't bad enough , we actually got charged for this crap . do n't waste your time with this place . i certainly wo n't .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as far as diners go , this one was excellent and the reason for 5 stars is because of how good it was . the interior and exterior are reminiscent of the old time diner , but with a lot of these places the food falls far short of expectations . that was not the case at 5 & diner . it 's clean and the service was great , with 50 's music playing . i had the meatloaf which was better then mom 's and hubby had the mrs. cleaver pot roast . both great dishes at an affordable price made even better with milkshakes that were awesome . a great find here in the phoenix area well worth a stop for breakfast , lunch or dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered the big texan . the texan was basically a hamburger and bacon on toast . but dont get me wrong , it was still delicious ! the food was falling out from the toast seeing as how they cut the sandwich in half . overall , my girlfriend and i enjoyed the food and service ! i would reccomend this to my family , and will more than likely become a regular here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was good staff nice but owner needs to take some personal pride clean up scrub new paint is cheap and when there is a leak in men 's bathroom ceiling replace the drywall do n't just cover it w paint and let it sag 3 inches down . gross i hate to think what your home looks like . could be a great business if you cared even a little", "score": "3"}
{"review": "place is solid - what you 'd expect a diner to be . food is fast and good . bathroom needs more periodic cleaning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was very surprises at how much i enjoyed this place . my daughter and her friend wanted to go after shopping so i tried it for the first time . the service was excellent and the food was all good . i ordered a grilled chicken salad with raspberry dressing . the girls had a little of everything . i would love to try their breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a couple of times and i was kind of disappointed over the burgers . some of them are good and others are not . one thing you ca n't go wrong on though is their milk shakes ! the milk shakes are why we keep going back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered the chicken fried steak with a cup of clam chowder . the food was quite good though the steamed vegetables were a little bland . service was good and the waitress was polite . the big problem was the long wait ( friday night in a busy area so expected ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh how i miss my 5 & diner on ray & i-10.. that was my home away from home for breakfast . we decided to try this location and while it looks just like the one on ray , it 's nothing like it . sure the insides are the same ; they even have some of the same looking staff . the food is even good , but it didnt have that same feel i was used to . forgot the waitress ' name , but when i looked at the menu , i noticed my favorite thing was missing.. the breakfast skillets . : ( they said that all locations were privately owned ( iknew that ) and they didnt have those . i ordered the french toast combo and it was ok ... nothing like the location on ray . they used different styles of french toast and made it an art form . will i go back here ? sure.. but it wont be my first choice ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we love 5 and diner for their breakfast . we usually go on sunday mornings and after taking our order , the food is usually out in 10 minutes . fast and good ! my husband loves their sausage patties , they 're like mcdonalds . be sure to sit in mary 's section , she 's awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "favorite place to go on a friday afternoon with my parents for lunch . we go there almost every friday and the staff is so friendly and personable . we have our favorite waitress , carol , who treat my parents like family . the food is always good ... they even have healthy options when i am watching my weight . i would highly recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for breakfast with my wife . i have to say one of the best breakfast places i 've been too in a long time . the sausage links are fantastic , eggs cooked perfect . very pleased . service was good . the only reason 4 stars is the waitress kept filling my coffee to the rim , there was no room to add creamer . i even told her when to stop but it just did n't work out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place needs a good cleaning . service was so-so and deluxe burger was tasteless as well as the fries .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this diner operates like a finely tuned machine . expect it to be crowded on the weekends , however , that does not compromise the service . the kitchen moves fast and we have never had to wait a long time . the breakfast is great . i typically order an eggs benedict . my girlfriend orders the omelette which appear to be over stuffed with the selected ingredients . coffee refills come around often . we are always greeted at the door and someone always says goodbye before we leave . i highly recommend this diner for its efficiency , good breakfast and customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little diner with a retro 50 's flare . good food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like 5 & diner . i love the oldies music and their burgers are some of the best i 've had . always juicy and delicious . i ordered the big texan which has bbq sauce and an onion ring on texas toast . it was yummy and very filling with all the fries . mmm mm ! good lunch with my best friend . their breakfast is good too . and do n't forget about the milkshakes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not impressed . i had not been here in a while but remembered as much better than it was tonight . as i sit here my stomach hurts . we ordered a turkey burger , it was dry and had an odd taste combined with the taste of char ( which was dominating ) . my husband got a mushroom burger , the mushrooms were so weird ( chopped into nothing , clearly from a can and a sick yellow color ) . my daughters kids burger was all char no flavor . very disappointing . we left most of our food , when the waitress came over she could see by the looks on our face that it was not going over well , she never offered anything . usually when most of the food except one or 2 bites are still on the plate that might trigger some alarm bells .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place , very friendly service . the new yorker is delicious and chloe is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pleasant experience here a throw back to a 50s setting . promptly greeted and sat smilels everywhere . ordered a cherry coke was deliscious with a cherry on top . a extensive menu pancakes to burgers . miticulously clean . servers wear their hair clean cut and 50s style . ordered a burger with frys sorry forgot to take pic was sooo good . will i be back again yesss price very resonable", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the chipotle i run to from time to time when i am at work , and can i just say i hate every second of it . more often than not i am ordering burritos for the whole company so it 's always an extremely stressful experience . usually i order everything online and show up at the pick-up time only to discover they have n't even began to put the order together . another time when i did n't order online i was yelled at and heckled by fellow customers for ordering more than one burrito and wasting time . not only did i get little to no support from the workers , they gave me serious attitude and made me feel extremely unwelcome . on more than one occasion have the workers been incredibly unfriendly and rude , and because of that this particular chipotle is my modern day hell .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i think i hate this place . tried to pick up a quick meal tonight . it 's always overcrowded and the line moves at a tortoise pace . i feel surrounded by a bunch of impatient and hungry college kids . the line moved so slow tonight that people were waiting outside ... .in the rain ... .just for a dumb burrito . that lasted about 1 minute for me and i left . ugh ! do n't order the chips . they are always stale !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is great but the wait is painful . even faxing took over 45 mins late . if the managers ca n't get stuff right just get some new blood in there with better orginazation .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "normally i love chipotle , but the portions are always disappointing and the ingredients never seem very fresh . my sister hates this location 's chicken but love chipotle chicken normally , not sure what they do differently . \u200d", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i hate going to this chipotle . i 've never seen one that puts its fax orders in front of the people who are there waiting in line more than any other location . takes forever just to get one order of tacos . all the employees there need hearing aids because they ( supposedly ) can never heard you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "filthy dirty . terribly slow service . drink dispenser has been broken for years . every time i eat here i worry i 'll get food poisoning . if keeping the restaurant clean is not a priority then the kitchen much be filthy too . yuck !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan of chipotle 's basic menu & tasty food . the staff was really cool . my coworker had n't been there before , so they explained how the ordering works down to the 'this is spicy and that is n't ' which was quite nice of them . got through our order quickly . yummy guacamole ... but some of the chips had too much salt & the place was a bit messy so 4 stars it is .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only give this place that rating because chipotle is alright every blue moon . i give it a low rating because of the clientele . it is always full of these young punk kids from solon . i ca n't stand that .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place runs as smooth as a 90 year old with arthritis . chipotle should be quick and smooth , the only competent worker there seemed to be me . the one that had to work and struggle to get my order through . understaffed and the staff that was there was obviously under educated about the chipotle process . i expect more in the years to come .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food like all chipotles . could be the worst run one though in northeast ohio . the staff and slowness is almost comical .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "by far the slowest chipotle i 've ever been to . there is clearly a management problem , all of the employees had an attitude that said they were trying to do as little as possible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's time to get over yourself . this place has a super long line for food that tasts like a over salted assembly line mcdonald 's . everyone eating there thinks it so healthy but just look at the sodium content then wake up and buy stock in morton 's . i watch people in their yoga pants ordering two tons of the sour cream with bits of overcooked , over salted rubber chicken floating in it . each bowl has got to have a full days calories . i guess you go to see those beautiful people with the ear plugs and the filthy dreadlocks slopp your food splattering it all over the place like a prison lunch line . playing that repetitive music until your brain starts to melt . good job", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordering ahead on the chipotle app is worthless ! ! i waited longer for my food then the long line of people making their orders . the employees ca n't get it together ! ! unbelievable ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love me some chipotle - only order ahead or get there before or after the rush because this place gets nuts during the lunch rush .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "slowest service at any chipotle i 've ever been to . the online ordering process is always screwed up - never ready when it 's supposed to be , always missing items . other than that , great ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "manager is nice there but most employees are crabby and the line is very short , i usually drive to other towns to get chipotle because this chipotle has terrible service and limited seating areas and super slow lines .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "slowest service i 've ever had a chipotle . manager was sweeping while line was out the door , manager should jump in the line to help out . i understand long lines that 's fine , but they usually move at a decent pace . i waited 30 minutes only to get up to where i order and the lady in front of me used the last of the chicken and would n't you know they had no backups . by what i have read this seems to be a management issue . hopefully they figure it out soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "top chipotle in northeast ohio by far . fantastic crew ! ! quick and fast service with great quality food ! yum yum potle : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really horrible service . it took 25 minutes to get through the line . i went to get a drink and they were out of coke . then i went to grab a fork and they had none . we told the staff and they said 'yeah we know . ' rude and slow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the worst restaurant ever . dirty . missing ingredients . witnessed several people walk out due to lack of basic ingredients including myself . was told it would take at least 15 mins to cut up some peppers and onions- really ? what kind of management customer service is this . i will never return to the solon location . ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i iove my chicken bowl ! i have never been disappointed with the flavor of my food . i hate the ever present line ... i guess everybody loves their food as well ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slow , slow , slow . lunch time , dinner time , closing time ! expect a line that on average takes at least 20-30 min during normal dining times . they also have many workers who are stingy with loading up my bowl", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok when people think of chipotle they think of guacamole and delicious food but when people go into chipotle and get there delicious food that they expect to get and then they run out of guacamole , and had the audacity to say that to my face . and when they run out they ruin the days of innocent civilians , so thank you chipotle for ruining my day", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for some reason the black females that were very rude and unfriendly and always have an attitude . just recently when i went they always get smart . when the one black girl was packing my food behind the counter she put everything in the bag and then just walked away . my food was still in the bag with sign the counter and not in my reach and somebody else came and moved it over towards me so i could grab that work there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "poor customer service always has a line going out the door . the staff just stands around i waited there for about 10 minutes made little progress so i walked out . this is a common experience at this chipotle so i save the headache and go to others who respect customers time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "at lunch , this place can have a line out the door . very quick , fast , friendly and fresh food . the guacamole is great ! music can be a bit loud , but there 's a patio for that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst chipotle ever . always a line out the door that barely moves . when you do get to the counter , they are always out of something . i 've tried ordering on-line here numerous times over the past 2 years and every time the earliest pickup time is 2-4 hours later . it 's a joke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best chipotle in the area . you can tell the management there really cares about quality and freshness of their food . very consistently fresh which is more than i can say about most chipotles . the wait is usually a little long but that is inevitable being in solon . anyone who complains about the staff being `` rude '' was probably being a pain in the butt . i 've had nothing but friendly experiences with the `` black female staff '' they 're sweet as can be . these people get paid minimum wage . honestly , what do you expect . get off your phone , figure out what you want , and order your food . end rant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when will chilpoltle resolve the carnitas problem ? ? ? no carnitias , no money from me", "score": "3"}
{"review": "90 % of the employees here have an awful attitude , i dealt with the beyond rude attitudes and cold food , but after eating there yesterday i got food poisoning . i will never go to the solon chipotle again , i will drive the 10 extra minutes to go to a different location . chipotle , clean up your employees act , and make sure the food your serving is n't going to cause me to get a stomach virus .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst experience ever ! ! ordered online to avoid the counter line . the online line took forever . literally waited 30 minutes longer than if i 'd ordered in the counter line . whole point of ordering online was missed . go to twinsburg ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i decided to try them again . one guy kept pulling his pants up ; only problem with that is '' he still had his gloves on and trying to prepare my food '' . and this was the same week that all chipotle stores closed on a monday for food safety . feb. 8th 2016 ... my visit feb. 11th another guy was by the grill and checking his messages . burrito tasted okay .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish chipotle hq would address the ongoing issues at this location . there are not enough staff members dedicated to the walk-in customers , and a huge priority is given to online orders . the location is not set up very well , and if the line is longer than about 15 people ( and it always is ) you have to wait outside . i am sure this is why they get so many online orders - who wants to wait outside in ohio ? waiting 35 minutes should not be the norm !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is alright . i got food poisoning from it . this location is beyond slow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "slowest service chipotle and worst run i 've ever been to . love this food , but if you can find another one , then do it . the management of this chipotle needs to make some serious changes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the employees are robotic . i was not greeted with a hi or even a smile . the tables were dirty . i had to wipe my own table to sit . the food was just ok if you enjoy eating sour cream , rice and beans . i was served extra all that with a pinch of meat and guac . they need to check their serving sizes because they are all off .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love chipotle . it always makes my day with its delicious combinations , and never manages to fail in filling my hungry stomach . this chipotle has the usual food , of course , although the service is sometimes lacking . most of the time , my burrito has at least one rip in it , and is lousily wrapped , with a mixture of rice and sour cream pouring out its backside . this is only a slight nuisance , of course , seeing as a fork can easily save the day in this case , but it is something that can be improved . otherwise , it 's chipotle , and it could never go wrong : d", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is always a bit of a gong show thanks to the location , but the pharmacy on the 2nd level has quite possibly the nicest pharmacists in the city . they remember me , ask how i am and are super quick filling prescriptions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the store does n't look very nice and it was kind of hard to find what i wanted . however , 4 stars for the excellent customer service and efficiency . the girl was perfectly bilingual and provided me with all the information i needed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great location , if for no other reason than to buy snacks here for the movie theatre across the street . they have a huge selection of all kinds of snack food and drinks . it is nicer than most pharmacies , with a second floor , but it is a bit tight . most people just pop in for a quick buy and leave . not the kind of place where you can walk up and down the aisles browsing for household essentials ( the pharmaprix near guy metro fits that need )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great festival that nobody seems to know about . i did not catch the parade , but all of old town proper was shut down , including scottsdale rd . the festival was spread out which was unusual as some blocks had nothing to see , do or eat . they had gunfights , four stages for bands , different ethnic areas and the only weak part was food trucks were serving up the chow ( kind of a copout as trucks overcharge ) . the beers were only three bucks , using the ticket system and this was only a one day event . they went to alot of trouble to set things up , but at my 2pm arrival , the streets were happily empty . will be back next year .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of the cultural highlights of scottsdale . the parade is a fun , family event that 's staged on scottsdale rd in old town . families line the parade route while local groups and organizations parade down the street . horses and horse drawn carriages also walk down the street , celebrating the western roots of the city . it 's a good , wholesome family event . http : www.yelp.com biz_photos parada-del-sol-rodeo-and-parade-scottsdale ? select=44a2i4qjgdltmhgnt4hnqq # 44a2i4qjgdltmhgnt4hnqq http : www.yelp.com biz_photos parada-del-sol-rodeo-and-parade-scottsdale ? select=-q5gz1kqq0cmo6bwc30ipg # -q5gz1kqq0cmo6bwc30ipg http : www.yelp.com biz_photos parada-del-sol-rodeo-and-parade-scottsdale ? select=-eht7mooqknfzldt2bcp4g # -eht7mooqknfzldt2bcp4g the rodeo is staged at westworld and is also a ton of fun . my favorites are the saddle bronc and bull riding competitions . overall , both events are good times . return factor - 100 %", "score": "4"}
{"review": "family friendly event for kids and kids at heart . the parade features local community organizations , school bands , politicians , veterans , and balloons . the trail 's end after-party in old town scottsdale featured a car show , petting zoo , and you can shop at all the little touristy stores . however , even though they said the after-party was free , you had to pay $ 5 for a wristband for the kids to jump in the bouncy castles . considering that the merchant 's association or the city likely already payed to rent the castles , this just seemed like an unnecessary rip-off . overall though this felt like a celebration in a much smaller community although every once in a while you 'd glance around and see the stereotypical real housewife of scottsdale in her designer jeans , artificially inflated lips , and enhanced cleavage and remember that you are still in one of the premier resort towns in america .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love that scottsdale does this parade ! great for families and pets . neat to get so close and like the new route ! wish the party afterwards had more bands and stuff going on right after parade so ib be convinced to stay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to this parade at least 10 times in the 30 years i 've lived here . its always fun to smile and wave at the horseback riders or wagon passengers . candy is usually thrown out to the younger spectators , so be wary of the possibility it may sit in the bed of your truck if left undiscovered ( found some months later in a cubby hole in the bed liner , ughh ! ) . we usually end up at the denny 's nearby for breakfast and then watch from the tailgate of the pickup . the weekend following this has the parada del sol rodeo at westworld . if you 've never been to a rodeo , then you may find it a little boring , but i grew up around it sooooo ... anyways , back to the parade . now , who does n't like to see droves of kids with shovels following behind on `` poop patrol '' ? teaches them responsibility , i say .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "parada is n't just a parade it 's an old town scottsdale day drinking adventure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what were you thinking ? ? ? ? the parade has gone from camelback to mc dowell for 100 years . now it is a short parade without the high school bands or most of the things that people go to the parade to see . i for one am very disappointed in what the city did this year . please change it back next year to the more interesting `` western town parade '' and go down scottsdale road all the way . many people did not know about the change and missed it all together .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we attended the parada del sol rodeo for the first time ever and wow ! it was a great time . so good we came back to see saturday night as well . the concerts after the rodeo were great . not a big country music fan but the bands were very good and everyone enjoyed the event . looking forward to the parade and we sure want to come back next year for some more rodeo fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very disappointed not coming south on scottsdale rd we use to be able to just walk there . what happened to the south scottsdale neighborhoods having the parade by us .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as a native southern californian , i 've missed good quality mexican food . this place does not disappoint . had the pork burritos with everything on it and thought it was excellent . regular size is quite filing too . would have been even better if they had proper corn tortillas !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my edinburgh burrito for a few years ( although technically it was a glasgow burrito seeing as taco mazama are a glasgow brand ) and it was goooood . situated on hanover street up a small flight of stairs ( definitely not accessible sadly ) is this small burrito joint delivering up tasty bean , rice and meat packages in a large tortilla . you know the score .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after a day of soaking in a few fringe shows , i decided to stop by this wee shop to recharge my batteries , my sustenance of choice was the pulled pork burrito . blah . just , no . i mean , if you 're looking for a cheap meal that 'll fill you up , then by all means this place is for you . but heed my warning , this stuff in bland . the only flavour i got was from the jalape\u00f1os . it tasted like a jalape\u00f1o on white bread . seriously , do yourself the favour and pay a few more pounds at el cartel around the corner . it looks quite interesting from the outside but the interior is sparce , the bainmaries are tiny and the staff do not look all that interested in what they are serving you . if you 're looking for mexican food around this area there are a few others to consider , but please do yourself the favour and just avoid this one .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a good far food texmex place , this is a nice spot for a quick , unhealthy high carb meal . i had the nachos and they were alright . the cheese was microwaved and not melted , so do n't expect anything exceptional . this place is good for what it is .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went to the one at ocean terminal as read a review of mole mezcal that referred to it as potentially . better choice . i got two tacos with beef and the works . the place models itself 'street food ' . no frills but service was prompt , tacos were tasty with all the fillings.. ( could have come warmer ) , and nice view to enjoy a coffee or read a book afterwards . was busier than i expected and opens around 11am-6pm .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "better than other mexican food i 've had in edinburgh . i got two tacos , and i enjoyed them both . especially with the avocado sauce- it perhaps singly made the tacos jump from eh to ah ! it 's a small place , no atmosphere , and the two guys were speaking another language which makes me a bit uncomfortable . i ca n't get food to go , because i have no where to go with the food- i live far away , and a park bench is not always inviting . i might return and scarf some tacos , but i wo n't hang around . now , i 'm on the hunt for a great taco in a cool joint . anyone ... ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was lured in here for lunch by the gluten free sign outside , and was very pleased with my decision ! on a gluten free diet i thought mexican food was beyond my reach , but this is not so at taco mazama . reasonably priced food , the options are pretty basic ( tacos , nachos or wraps ) but you can mix and match fillings ( kind of reminded me of a mexican subway ! ) . not the place to go for a fancy meal but for a cheap lunch or dinner which tastes good and caters to a range of dietry requirements you ca n't go wrong ! they even had a chart indicating which meal options contained gluten , dairy , eggs , nuts etc which made life so much easier . you definitely need at least 2 wraps or tacos for a meal as they 're quite small , but when i visited they had a deal on for 3 wraps so that was n't a problem : ) will definitely return as they make dairy gluten free eating easy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bland and small is not how i ever want to describe mexican food ever again . sadly this is why we will be walking past mazama in the future .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very clean space and friendly staff . quick food service . tacos had great flavor for fast food . hot sauce was very delicious and kicked my butt ! would recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after a week in england and scotland , i declared `` i just want a taco ! '' i was tired of pub food and fries ( chips ) and taco mazama was a welcome sight . i had a chicken burrito and a steak taco and they were exactly what i needed . the food is pretty simple- standard fast food mexican along the lines of a qdoba or chipotle . i only wish they had tortilla chips to go with the salsa and guacamole . i thought the price was outstanding for the amount of food i got .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i knew we were only coming in for something quick and cheap , but it was n't even either of these and , well , did n't taste good . after waiting 10mins while 2 people were served , i ordered a chicken burrito which made using the last morsels of chicken ( those tasted surprisingly alright ) , some very crusty beans which looked like dried dog food , and `` smoked hot '' sauce which i could n't even taste . oh and some crunchy bits of rice . my wife got a single , sad , tasteless taco . it was basically a waste of time and about \u00a310 . whatever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my father dropped off his pilot here for maintenance since his regular mechanic was off for vacation . when we dropped the car off for a simple oil change , i knew for a fact the car had around 18 dollars in change in the glove department and realized i had forgotten to take it out . i figured it would be no big deal since this was a professional dealership . it turns out i was completely wrong . after receiving the car , most of the items inside were scrambled around on top of that the money was completely gone.. this dealership is filled with shady people who will do anything for money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "refused my warranty claim . this dealership did anything and everything to refuse my power train warranty for my transmission box . i had purchased a brand new accord here and gotten an extended warranty . after around 20,000 kms my 2nd gear started to grind on my manual transmission . they tried as hard as they could to blame my 2nd gear problem on user error . they even blamed my hid modification which are my headlights as an excuse to not change my transmission box . this problem is a very common problem among hondas and some have gotten their transmission box replaced . after hours of trying to convince them they offered a transmission oil change . they refused to change my transmission box after this . the problem still exists in my car afterwards and had to pay for a new transmission box and labour to change it at my trusted mechanic .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "expect horrible service if you 're not asian . way over priced , especially used vehicles ( $ 3-5000k above market ) . a lot of better honda dealers in driving distance from this one ( formula , roadsport , whitby ) a friend bought what they told him was a clean car , only to find out it had been in a bad accident after purchase . never returning . the sales people here are the very slimy , sleaze ball type . talk really fast , make empty promises and just want your signature on paper as fast as possible . be very careful here folks ! make sure to check all the `` not recommended reviews '' for this place . they hold the truth .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took my truck in for service and was paying the bill . handed the cashier $ 100 cash and said to put the balance on debit . she hands me back a $ 20 ! ! i had given her 120 by mistake . she could have easily pocketed that $ 20 but instead she was honest and honourable . just another reason to trust and love this dealership family", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly service , provide much needed details on the cars that you want to know ... .car technicians know what they doing ... .cost is fair and reasonable", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wonder why they get such low ratings . i had bought 2 cars here , since 15 years ago . even the honda that i got from another dealership , i always bring my honda to here for service . i had friends who worked there as sales or at the service center . i always received great service ( either from my friends or from anyone who works there . ) my only complain is that they are always busy , too busy that even if you want to pay , you have to line up . ; ) also , the place does need an update ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i called in saturday morning and made an appointment for my first oil change . i was pleasantly surprised that they had any availability at all and i stopped by later that morning . the woman on the other line told me it 'd take approx 1.5 hours and cost around $ 45 . when i got to the dealership , i walked up to the service desk - they took my keys and invited me to the service waiting area which is stocked with coffee , donuts and muffins from timmies and free wifi . the service rep came up to me a little over an hour later and gave me a discount ( $ 28 + tax ) for a non-synthetic oil change , a tire inspection and a quick wash. maybe it was because it was my first time there ? the location is more convenient than our usual mechanic so i would consider coming here again . ca n't speak to the quality of the oil change at all but the service was decent and there were n't any surprises !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "herbs , crystals , and occult texts , oh my ! this little shop has it all , along with small gift items like handmade soaps , earrings , and carved wooden figures . the loose crystal selection has mostly smaller , basic rocks but they are affordably priced . there 's also a small make-your-own-charms section with small beads and figurines . the shop carries it 's own line of essential oils and blends , along with some locally-sourced candles and incense . i believe you can order many of their items online , but doing that would keep you from experiencing the unique old-bookstore atmosphere that i really enjoyed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place to purchase your occult items . they are knowledgeable about there herbs and are concerned with the highest quality , and sustainably farmed and gathered ingredients which shows they care for the environment as well as take time to research where they get their items from . the shop is cozy and comfortable and ian and melissa are such down to earth and great people it 's hard for you to not want to stop and hang out for a while and just chat . however , let 's not forget the art work or jewelry and clothing that the shop carries . it 's worth going in there just to look at what they have.and great location for the arts districts . so when your down there for first friday or any other time stop in and check it out it 's worth the visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was super excited to go in as i saw it walking by , but was gravely disappointed when the male and female working there were rude . they had so many items i was interested in , but they just watched and judged from a far . i could blame this on them having a bad day or something , but my friend that went in with me , was treated with the utmost amount of respect . i say try it out , the items they carry are wonderful , i just wish you better luck with their attitudes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i stopped by this little shop at the urging of one of my students and i am glad i did ! a great mixture of eclectic items at reasonable prices . the atmosphere is warm and inviting . the owners are on-site and ready to answer questions or just chat . the displays showcase local artisans work in a friendly relaxed way . a little cluttered so plan on spending some time if you really want to see it all . this is what a metaphysics shop should be , a place you feel able to sit down relax and absorb the place . i will be sending all of my students and grove members here for supplies and jewlery .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the store is absolutely wonderful ! i found some really unique items . they have items made by local people as well as the usual stuff you 'd expect in a store like this . i 've been to some of the classes and rituals they do . i have learned so so much from the classes ! they also have them on youtube but i really like attending in person when i can . i highly recommend visiting the store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved to the arts district last winter following a very difficult and sad year . in many positive ways my life has since transformed and i do think the energy ( magick ) of this wonderful , singular little shop greatly contributed . i appreciate their very fair prices especially for such high quality and specialized esoteric items very much . i am surprised to read a review describe ian as anything but the knowledgeable and kind shopkeeper i 've experienced each time ! i mostly have purchased treasured jewelry including earrings and necklaces and each time ian patiently speaks to features of the piece and answers all my many questions ( he 's very patient with my manic level curiosity ) it 's a peaceful and interesting place , very awesome to have practically next door and i hope everyone gets a chance to stop in", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy i found this location its nice to find an authentic place in vegas where you can ask questions and get honest answers and they have a passion about what they are doing . it just feels right here and smells amazing . plus they had sage ! ! ! happy dance : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was decent but overpriced and service was incredibly slow and unorganized . every table around me including ours was missing part of our orders even after requesting what was lacking . $ 13 for shrimp entree and had about 5 small shrimp . two small overcooked plantain slices . waitress was sweet but it seemed she needed more help with all of the tables full and better communication from the kitchen . would not eat here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decided to try the lunch special which was any of the chicken dishes . i had the jerk chicken with rice and peas and it was delicious . paired it with a pineapple pop . my friend had the curry chicken , also delicious . i will be back again . great portion for the price . you should n't leave hungry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went yesterday on a whim to try caribbean hut . it 's been open a month or so . i do n't eat caribbean on a regular basis ( as the only ones nearby have been in charlotte ) , but do enjoy the food . theirs was no exception . they serve a variety of meats ( chicken , goat , oxtails , etc . ) in either the traditional jerk style or curry style as well as bbq . i had the small jerk chicken , which came with greens and choice of rice ( white , yellow , or rice and beans ) . i chose the rice and beans . the chicken was tasty , spicy , and moist ; and , there was plenty of it . the greens were perfectly chopped and not overcooked or overseasoned . the rice was delicious , tender , and flavored . the meal was truly great . service was excellent . recommended and reasonably priced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is the real deal ! had a large jerk chicken plate and it was perfect ! the chicken was delicious with just the right amount of spice , the rice and beans were great , the cabbage , the oxtail sauce , washed it down with some champagne kola ... so great , just like we were back in jamaica ! so glad we have this place in town ! gon na try the roti next- they 're huge and looked terrific !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've driven past this place many times and decided to give it a try with my hubby for lunch . i had the ox tail and curry chicken combo and he had the ox tail and goat combo . we both ordered a small , and received a plateful . everything was amazing . the proteins were out of the world . veggies were cooked perfectly and not mushy . great add ons.. plantains and coco bread . the waiter was on top of everything . glasses stayed filled . this is a great place to sit down , relax , and enjoy a meal or call in your order , grab and go ! they also offer lunch specials , just ask !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh and good . jerk chicken did have a lot of bones . get the large .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is excellent ! food is delicious . very nice and clean . bob marley music playing and tvs on the way . lunch special is very inexpensive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very tasty . i had goat curry . comfortably spicy . for me a carribean restaurant is a welcome addition to gaston county .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was hot and fresh ! good seasoning like mom 's cooking . place was clean . servers was very nice", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay , the food is absolutely a 5 star rating . the food was amazingly good . now , the problem here at this location is not having any oxtail ready to serve even though it 's on the menu . really wanted to have the oxtail but it was n't prepared in time to serve . the other problem was the waitress . she looked and acted like she just hit a crack pipe . totally erratic behavior and a very off putting way of speaking . she did n't really know the menu and there was definitely a lack of communication between kitchen and staff . needless to say this food was so good i will go back , regardless if the wait staff is chasing the dragon in between taking my order and bringing my drink .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is really good but the kitchen was a disaster . they have no organization when it 's busy . watched as 2 ladies held kitchen tickets in their hands and trying to plate one dish at a time . was going very slow and a big party in there was getting food over the span of about 40 minutes . the first half of the party were done eating before the last few got their dinners . they have good stuff they need the kitchen staff to communicate and figure out a better system to plate multiple dishes at a time other than slapping down everything one at a time then re reading a ticket to figure out the next dish to plate . in other words if you go here have time lots of time to spare .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food if they have what you want ... ..theyre always out of something . go to the carribean hut in charlotte they keep everything fully loaded ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "quand j'habitais \u00e0 sydney , de temps en temps j'allais faire un tour au presse caf\u00e9 dans le centre-ville car il n'y en a qu'ici , l\u00e0-bas et \u00e0 paris . bien que g\u00e9n\u00e9ralement je pr\u00e9f\u00e8re aller dans des caf\u00e9s ind\u00e9pendants et uniques en leur genre , j'aime quand m\u00eame aller faire un tour au presse caf\u00e9 . j'affectionne celui-ci en particulier pour 3 raisons : la nourriture est d\u00e9licieuse ( les wraps , sandwichs , salades et quiches sont tous d\u00e9licieux ) , le wifi fonctionne super bien , sans interruptions , puis , en \u00e9t\u00e9 les grandes fen\u00eatres s'ouvrent pour donner l'impression d'\u00eatre sur une terrasse . un petit bonus : ils ont souvent des bons magasines \u00e0 lire - surtout pour les filles comme moi qui aiment les magasines de potins , d\u00e9coration et bouffe !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "situated at a prime tourist location along the summer pedestrian street with pink hanging ball decor , i was pretty surprised that the people behind the coffee bar , the manager , i believe , spoke very little english and really took his sweet time . on top of that - i think that i was overcharged for an iced americano . for one shot of unfancy expresso , $ 3.50 is definitely steep . even the best espresso i 've had does not go over $ 3 . enough said . there are much better places where you can get a sexy cup of java .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "c'est la premi\u00e8re fois que je viens ici et c'est tr\u00e8s certainement la derni\u00e8re . j'ai v\u00e9cu une exp\u00e9rience caf\u00e9 d\u00e9sagr\u00e9able . employ\u00e9s pas tr\u00e8s cordiales , froids et secs . le mur est et nord sont des vitres du plafond au sol beaucoup de luminosit\u00e9 mais il fait beaucoup trop chaud et il n'y a pas d'air climatis\u00e9 . aujourd'hui il fait environ 12 degr\u00e9s sur mtl ... j'ose m\u00eame pas imaginer la situation en plein \u00e9t\u00e9 . j'me suis quand m\u00eame laiss\u00e9 tenter par un combo sandwich et choix de salade . ben j'ai m\u00eame pas termin\u00e9 la moiti\u00e9 de mon plat . la salade de patate \u00e9tait sans go\u00fbt et celle de couscous trop \u00e9pic\u00e9 . bref je d\u00e9teste faire ma mauvaise langue m\u00eame ici et m\u00eame si je sais que mon avis aidera peux-\u00eatre quel qu'un mais la c'est ben le bout du bout . ahhhhh me vider le c\u0153ur m'a fait du bien . archev\u00eaque b", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ugh . only stopped in here so we could use the wifi . purchased a crappy lemonade and a very crappy iced coffee . the lemonade tasted like water with crystal lite . the person who was making my iced coffee looked like he had no idea what he was doing . it tasted like watered down coffee , with 3 sad cubes of ice in it . the worst though is that they charged me $ 3.99 for the lemonade , even though the sign clearly said $ 2.60 for the small ( i think $ 3.25 for the large ) so i have no idea where they even got 3.99 from , and my iced coffee was also overcharged .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have orage fresh juice and nice muffins , i like the atmosphere , many tables and good service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a latte which was okay , nothing special . the cheese cakes look like it was there for awhile , a bit of a turn off . i was in the mood for a little sweet with my latte , but based on the look of the sweets ... ..i decided not to chance it . : - (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very unclean place with very unclean toilets . poor service . rude owner and rude service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a simple cappuccino but they spiced it up with some cinnamon which i thought was quite interesting and i loved it ! i also had a blueberry supreme muffin which i could tell was fresh . it was simple and just what i needed for breakfast . since it 's the summer , they had these huge windows wide open and it felt like you were apart of the outdoors . i highly recommend this caf\u00e9 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nope-not authentic , pre-prepared , the chips are way too greasy and flavorless , and every entree tastes the same as every other entree . i went there with a party of five.l tasted everyone 's entree . tasted like we were all eating the same thing . i have not had authentic mexican anywhere in madison . i 'm told by my friend from mexico , that yellow cheese is not used in mexican food , nor are black olives .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "by far one of the best mexican restaurants in wisconsin . consistently delicious food , speedy service , friendly staff , and decent prices . we frequent this location . it 's my husband 's favorite . he always gets the rio bravo burrito . i always get the chicken chimichanga without red sauce and with extra guacamole . either that or the steak and chicken fajitas . the salsa is perfection too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love me some laredo 's . first , the bad : the chips and salsa are pretty disappointing . they look amazing and smell so good , but just are n't that great . the tacos are solid , all of them . really well done and not too complex but , here 's what is amazing-the farmer 's quesadilla and the tortitas . the tortitas are barbecued meat and queso fresca on beautiful pretzel buns . amazingly delicious . so good . the farmer 's quesadilla is spinach , black beans , corn , ( maybe onions ) , and cheese . it 's served with guac , sour cream , and queso . all of which are fantastic on it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the steak tacos - prepared like they do on maxwell street , chicago . fiesta quesadilla is my other stand-by ( grilled chicken and shrimp , mushrooms , tomatoes , onions and sliced avocado ) . original blended margarita is the best in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here was awesome ! ! it was so good we 've now been back a couple of times and always and it 's been consistent . the sad thing though is the news story that ran this spring about how the company is n't taking care of their employees . ugh ! the food and service were great , but i do n't want to support a company that does n't treat their employees fairly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "will not be returning . this place nickel and dimes you for everything . dishes come without rice on the side , salsa was 1.50 extra . they short you on tortillas and charge you $ 2 for extras . we shared a lunch fajita plate , which was $ 13 and our bill came to $ 26 for `` extras '' that every other mexican place provides . the inside is loud , not clean , seating reminds you of a cafeteria . skip this place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when we walked in the host barely looked at us from the host stand and said `` go sit wherever you want . the absolute worst taco salad i have ever had . it was more like spoiled taco soup . the young waiter had a horrible attitude so i thought that complaining would have not made a difference . at the end of our experience he tossed the cc folders on the table never said thank you . upon leaving not a word from the host stand . i am not asking them to go overboard but make your customers feel welcome at least . not like we are annoying them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i go out quite a bit . i also judge restaurants on peticular dishes . this place had the worst cheese burrito ever . it was made of white cheese ? the same cheese they used for their queso blanco . which was n't that bad but much to creamy for anything to be in a burrito . i guess i expect an orange cheese or at least a good cheese that is melty and hot . not lukewarm and almost solid . rice and beans were what they were . did n't have high hopes and they did n't dash them . i just feel like it could have been so much better . i would never go back . downvote .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok fajitas sonora . a lot of grizzled meat ( plenty of uneatable fat and grizzle ) smothered in bbq sauce . too sweet . not what i expected . not like traditional fajitas . waiter was not attentive and struggled to keep us with our needs . and we are low maintenance . not sure how this place stays in business .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is my second try at laredo 's , and i 'll admit that it is better than the first . my first time also happened to be my first mexican restaurant in wisconsin , period . i had high expectations coming from kansas , the land of the mexican restaurants , and i was let down . upon having tried probably 10 mexican restaurants in the madison area , i guess this one is n't so bad afterall . it is your run of the mill mexican food . i 'd say this warrants 3 stars . spend the extra 2 bucks for a soda here . this is one of those places where the water tastes like it came out of a tin can . this place is pretty empty both times i 've been , and the food comes super fast . ( i get easy bean burritos though ) they have good service overall . i guess i 'll be back in the future . sigh", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the restaurant was n't very busy so we were seated right away . we had the breakfast burrito ( good , just enough spice and huge ) and the double burritos ( tasty , sauce was good ) dinners . we were surprised that the price did n't include a side . the chips and salsa were really good and fresh . we will visit again since it is so close .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great guacamole , made table-side ! ! staff is always efficient and friendly . disappointed they removed shrimp and mushroom quesadillas from menu", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to 2 locations , fish hatchery and lien , and both times was uninterested in finishing my meal . stale tortillas , bad cheese , bland sauces ... go to taqueria el pastor or taqueria guadalajara for tastier , more authentic meals . heck , you can do slightly better just down the road at casa del sol .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i go here sometimes for work lunch , reluctantly . the food is typical large restaurant american mexican - refried beans , rice , and iceberg lettuce and diced tomato `` salad '' with everything . prices and portions are fine but , overall , just not impressed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "laredo 's wo n't win any awards for best mexican food - but , it is affordable , the food is good , the portions are decently sized , and the service has never disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's good to be clean , but the smell of bleach overpowered any food aromas . bland mexican food for the midwestern palate . good salsa . excellent margarita made up for any food deficit , though . friendly service and reasonable prices .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have been there twice and have been impressed both times . by far the best mexican in madison . we used to thoroughly enjoy a southwestern restaurant called pasquals but their quality of food at hillsdale has declined immensely over the past year . laredo is always consistent , efficient and tasty ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good mexican food ... the best i 've found in madison . the chips and salsa were especially good and the waiter was efficient and friendly . would definitely recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wide menu , fast friendly service , easy to get in and out at lunch . it 's not fancy by any stretch , a little run down to be honest , but it gets the job done .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the best if not the best mexican restaurant that i have found since relocating to madison . i may even go as far as saying the best i have had even in california for the past 4 years . great prices and even better food . servers are always on top of their game .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the margarita was far from good , it was literally shaved iced with a ton of coloring . my food order was wrong and the burrito was n't good . the service was terrible . definitely would n't eat at this one again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had combination 18 which was fair at best . my wife had the taco salad and she rates it slightly higher . i 'm not impressed enough to come back . service was slow , but with only two other tables i 'm not sure why .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "laredo 's ( not to be confused with cantina laredo ) is a local mexican restaurant in madison . i have been here a couple of times ( once for lunch and once for dinner ) . overall the food is decent , and relatively inexpensive . for lunch , they have a variety of combination platters . for dinner the last time , i got the chicken and steak fajitas . the fajitas did not come out sizzling hot , but they were hot . taste was decent ( i 've had better but these were not bad ) . laredo 's is good but i would not necessarily make a special trip to have a meal here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've sampled a few different dishes from here before and , for the most part , they 've all been pretty average . but one of my favorite mexican dish , tamales , are very impressive here ! they not authentic per se but they do make for excellent comfort food . their guacamole is also good . their horchata is n't , again , very authentic but it 's still pretty tasty and a great value . i would probably come here again for the tamales but i would probably go elsewhere for anything else . the service was n't unfriendly and was prompt and attentive enough .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast and greasy . taste is ok but do n't expect high quality , you will get full here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was on a business trip to madison , wi ... and the group there invited me to lunch . laredo 's is a solid tex-mex restaurant ... they even had one of my all time favorites , huevos con chorizo . i ordered my fav ... and it had a bit of an off flavor , probably just the chorizo that they used . it did not have a lot of heat to the sausage , but , overall , was enjoyable . service , at lunch , was pretty good ... although the check took a few extra minutes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quick lunches and decent prices . the tortillas always seem stale though , either in a burrito or taco . guac is great ! ambiance is a bit to be desired . the floor is concrete and it gets annoyingly loud if you stop in after 6pm .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i go to laredo 's regularly because they 're close . also the food is typically pretty good . love me their fajitas . the staff is always helpful . my main complaint is that the margaritas are pretty awful . they taste like dirty dishwater . stay away from those and you 're golden !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here before and was ok ... last night was a deal breaker bad service + bad food =never coming again ! i hate to not give places another chance but it was awful . i will let a place slide if food is n't the best if they have great service or vice versa ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love coming to this particular location because of their table side guacamole . they come over to your table and make the guac your way in front of you . delicious . the food at laredo 's is good `` american '' mexican food . if you are looking for authentic this is not the place . however , that does not mean the food is not delicious . i enjoy their fish tacos and the parilla . their salsa is delicious and mild and the service is good . portions are large so be prepared for taking some leftovers home !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent food . good size portions . very inexpensive . fast service . the food is pretty good ... not the best mexican food you 'll ever have , but solid . i 've never been disappointed . you get what you pay for , if you 're looking for upscale food , go to eldorado grill . if you are looking for fast cheap pretty good food , go to laredos . do n't forget to order a margarita ! the tableside guacamole is kind of cool to watch and tasty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the sauce on the enchiladas looked and tasted canned . flavorless rice and beans were on the side . this restaurant is super noisy . they were nice enough to bring a birthday treat , but the fried ice cream tasted like it had been fried in old oil . they accommodated our large group but one drink order came 20 minutes after it was ordered . i have to wonder if the people rating this place over two stars had too many drinks or are related to the owners . another telling sign was the all white crowd . come to el caminos in sheboygan for better food !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was very disappointed with the churro `` dessert '' . the description in the menu stated that it would be `` fruit-filled '' , and served with a `` chocolate dipping sauce '' . the dish arrived at our table last night and my husband and i just stared at in blankly for a second , no words , since it was n't at all what we expected , and it was completely different than the menu description . there was absolutely no explanation given , but the churro had no fruit filling whatsoever ( it was like a plain gas station churro ) and no chocolate dipping sauce , just a drizzling of caramel . it tasted ok ... but how can you say one thing in the menu and give something else ? probably not the best practice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food . service was good . somewhat slow at lunch . but in their defense , it was busy . price was right also .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast service , great drinks and guacamole ! authentic american restaurant with a mexican theme", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok margaritas and pretty good service ... but the food in general is just not great at all . not authentic mexican and not good in general . the owners or whoever runs this place appear to have given up . the menu could be freshened up . i hear there 's a better laredo 's somewhere in madison . i ordered the pork carnitas and they were pretty much the only good thing i 've had there ... i do n't think i 'll be going there again unless it 's during a late night and i 'm in need of a margarita .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i did not expect that much somehow . maybe because this is so close from my home . however , i went with my family for lunch and another dinner a few days later because the first time was good . first time , we ordered lunch specials and they are good in terms of the price and the taste ... we went again for dinner a few days later . we had frozen margaritas and beer . we ordered a burrito , fajita , and taco salad . burrito was by far bigger than any other burritos i have seen before . even my son could not finish it . the fajita of my wife was good too . we will definitely go to this place again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "initial wait was kind of long . food came quick though after ordering . they never came back to refill or drinks . we waited while after we were done eating to ask for the bill . when he did come back he didnt offer more water just took the glasses away . wasnt very enthused . jk he just brought us drinks back so ill give 2 stars : ] . idk not the best . prices are around 10 minimum for all average meals .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it should be said this review is only for their chips and salsa which always hit the spot . they are n't supremely special or anything just consistently tasty . i do t really like anything on their menu so i usually order rice and beans leave a big tip and eat lots of chips and salsa ! oh and margaritas if i 'm not driving !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was underwhelming and lacking flavor ( i got the taco al pastor ) . the service was mediocre , no one asked me how my food was tasting after i got it ( i need lime to add some sort of flavor to the food but alas ) . i would n't particularly be inclined to go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mark 's cleaning just left our house , and boy howdy ! looks like we just bought new carpet . after they did some great but minor spot cleaning , i had been meaning to have them back for the whole shootin ' match . i dragged my feet , though , and then my dog dragged his butt , and , well . it was time . i honestly considered just tearing the carpet out and starting over . the great guys at mark 's , though , assured me they could get all the pee-stains and various tracked-in debris out , and they did just that . i just keep walking around , staring at it . i may ask them to try to clean the carpet in the barn , that my neighbors tore out of their house last summer . rental property , here we come ! `` laughter and tears are both responses to frustration and exhaustion . i myself prefer to laugh , since there is less cleaning up to do afterward . '' kurt vonnegut", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can see clearly now that mark 's cleaning washed 35 of our 53 windows and doors . patient , polite and perfect , tim cleaned our multi-story home 's windows inside and out . working from my home office , i barely knew he was here - no music blaring , no phone , cigarette or snack breaks - just diligent , quiet , noticeably clean cleaning . what a visible difference ! what a value deal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had our carpet done . and they look smell great ! ! they were early ( no inconvenience to me ) they were friendly , fast , but really thorough . will be using marks in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so happy that sultan of samosas has opened a new location that 's much closer to me ! the only recently opened and are still working out some kinks but the samosas are as good as ever and served up fresh and hot to order . the staff are new and the pacing is n't there yet . they 'll get the hang of it . i 'll be back . again . and again . and again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't recommend this place . let me tell the whole story .this afternoon i have ordered food from this place and it was for take out and my order includes chicken biryani and one samosa ( i gave a try on this samosa as i had a plan for a snack party at work and i had plans to order 5dozen samosas on monday from this place ) . the lady who was dealing with me told about their promotion and she sold me a pop and another samosa . she gave 3rd samosa as complimentary . i came home and was so excited to eat biryani and i opened the pack and found two big unpeeled potatoes sitting in biryani and brown greasy oil food parcel which was leaking from the samosa pack ( looks like oil was not fresh ) so for health reasons i do n't recommend this place to anyone . thank god ! i tried this place before ordering food for my office party . ( check my photos )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so , this place serves their spin on samosas , those crispy little fritters full of flavourful spicy fillings . i arrived in toronto at 1h30pm , and i was very hungry . i ordered 2 half dozen of them , 1 set of spinach and cheese samosas , and one set of steak and potatoes , with a side of spicy mango chutney and a coriander yoghurt sauce . the sauces were solid , the spicy mango was n't so spicy , although it has a sweet and tangy taste to it . the yoghurt sauce was spicy , albeit a bit too runny . the spinach and cheese fell flat of our expectation , lacking the spices that are usually associated with south asian street food , and lacked flavour overall . the fact that the yoghurt sauce couldn ' stick to it play heavily against it . however , the steak one was spicy , filling and tasty . full of flavour , it matched perfectly with the minimal sauce that could hold on to it . it was very good . stars : 3.5", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious samosas ! i tried the daal , 10 vegetable and chicken . the daal was definitely my favourite . the tamarind and mango dipping sauces were great but i did n't care for the yogurt one . i like the size of the samosas so i can try different flavours . the service was also great , very friendly . i will definitely be back to try some more flavours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was excited when i saw the sign come up . now that they are finally here i ordered the mixed bunch specials for $ 10.25 . they came with 2 sauces and i chose the spicy tamarind and mango sauces . the sauces are great . the samosas were bite size and fresh but came out very greasy . the classic flavours are very good and well-cooked . the gourmet ones were dismal , undercooked and devoid of unifying flavour . service was prompt but without warmth and thy were not very helpful outside of taking the order . for a place that just opened up i would think they would be peppier to garner business . i will try the fritters on the menu as they look quite good but i will not make a special trip there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love sultan of samosas because their samosas are always fresh and have great flavour . their is usually a line but at the same time it is so worth it . i get a lot and i am part of a family of four and it takes us only like 3 days to finish them off . i would always recommend the veggie samosas but the meat are also delicious . get the dipping sauce because it is amazing . i would really recommend sultan of samosas always and you should check it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we dropped by here on a sunday walk . thought we 'd each try one . whoa ... worst samosa i have ever had . worst . we had each ordered the potato and cheese . small , greasy , overcooked , and no spices ! ... none . seriously , who makes a samosa with no spices ? ! this was basically potato and , i think , a kraft cheese slice , rolled together in a wonton wrap , deep fried to a crunchy , oily , inedible , mess . actually made me angry that they charged me for that . will not be back . ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yum ! ! got 24 samosas today for a potluck . this is my first time ordering from them . i ordered ahead and when i got there they were piping hot . $ 20 for the 24 samosas and 4 dipping sauces . i would n't they say they were the best i have had but they are good . also they are not tiny , nor huge . they are the perfect size . i am so glad this location is downtown so i do n't have to drive outside the city to get samosas . i got the veggie ( traditional ) ones but ca n't wait to try the other ones . there is nothing like a fresh , hot samosa . nothing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i arrived her at 6:30 pm , noticing there were n't many samosa left on the tray , hence my speculation of it being end of day and they no longer had fresh samosas . i asked for 3 samosas and a ginger ale and i ended up getting 4 instead . the woman at the register was very nice and offered a free dipping sauce . the samosas were very good . im happy with the customer service as well not a bad place to eat", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just get 2 dozen . do n't think about it , just do it . introduced my bf to these and he was hesitant but he really enjoyed them . they 're not your typical samosa , these are flaky and crunchy . not doughy or stuffed with potatoes like the ones i 've had before . i first had their samosas at their vic park location like 10 years ago . they offer really delicious savoury fillings with different combos such as : potato & cheese , spinach & cheese , beef lamb and also sweet filling options too . although i can not say anything about the sweet combos because i have only had cravings for the savoury ones . do not come here expecting to get full ( nor are they healthy-deep fried . hello ... .what part do people not understand ? they 're going to be oily because they 're deep fried , duh ! just let them cool sit for a bit before eating them ) from just samosas , these are pretty much only a snack .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for the price and quality , it was really good ! there are plenty of dipping sauces to choose from and variety of samosas . i 'm leaning towards 3.5 because the service was nothing great . would go again to try the other samosa flavors . standouts were the vegetable , tandoori and beef samosas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i passed by this store on the way to do some grocery shopping . i was very excited to try the samosas only to disappointment . the samosas are not that cheap . they are bite size for a $ 1 each . they are incredibly greasy , and they do n't have much flavour . for a place that only sells samosas , i am very disappointed . i find it very difficult to understand why the city of toronto has very poor indian restaurants .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i live in the neighbourhood and generally am bad for trying new food restaurants . a friend and i decided to give this a try and i 've since been back repeatedly . yes , the samosas are fried , but they are not dry . beef is my favourite , then potato and cheese . i find the spice just tasty enough for me without being overly hot . also have bought for my friends who inhaled them . for quick and delicious , this place is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pricy for 1 samosa . i ordered a few samosas and they were very pricy just for a few . the oil was leaking out of the bag and the samosas were fairly small . but i did visit some places down at lansdowne and their samosas were huge and for the same price . all in all i did like the taste but if you were starving out of hunger and needed something greasy to eat this is the great place for you . but if not your choice i would just go to the tim hortons infront of it : .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food good , had to wait 10 minutes for tea . girl forgot , but served it promptly after reminded . it 's basically a fast food joint , only cleaner than most . welcome addition to the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very yummy but not a place you can go and eat an entire meal . very good for take out and the samosas are made fresh and right there so expect a hit of a wait but its for a good reason .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i called and was happy to learn they had what i needed but then i was informed i had to buy 3 lbs minimum of ricotta and dry cheeses each that i needed . so i guess this place is only fir restaurants ... caterers or someone that really wants to stock up or is having a big dinner . i went elsewhere . : (", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i `` love '' shopping here ... i can find unusual quality products not available at big box grocery . i 'm a fan of supporting locally owned small business and siena provides a fun and inspiring inventory to add to my pantry as well a great options for creating gift baskets for my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i get my caputo 00 and caputo americana flour here along with all my pizza sauces and some mozzarella . the case prices for the san marzano type tomatoes are a good buy and they have some really good italian cookies there as well . the girl who works behind the counter is so nice and friendly and is so welcoming . i 've called a few times about products that i wanted and the lady in the office was very friendly and helping as well . i enjoy coming here to get my italian foods .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the largest pub in the high park bloor west village west of keele parkside . their second storey patio is large , fun and an excellent place to park yourself in the warmer months . food and service are adequate . unfortunately , the menu does not waiver from the really standard items you have seen a million times before . nevertheless , a comfortable , friendly and spacious pub to watch a game or pound some cold beers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "conveniently located right outside runnymede station . good for large gatherings and drinks . however , for someone who really enjoys food , this place does n't have a lot to offer . pub food is pub food ... at the end of the day , it 's only good because you 've been drinking . i ordered the fish tacos with soft shell tacos and honestly , it was shit . i did n't like the s oftshell tacos at all . tasted funny . the fish was okay , but it wo n't compare to the ones i 've had . but i had low expectations so i was n't that disappointed . i 'm giving them a 3 5 for the nachos because it was actually pretty good . they put a lot of guacamole ( compare to the other restaurants i 've been to where you pay extra for guac ) . they also have a lot of meat and sour cream . it was very filling and really good for pub food . nothing much to say . not the best place for food but it can do .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a christmas lunch here , and it was definitely a good decision to come here and enjoy a nice and christmassy meal . surrounded by nice christmas decorations and a friendly service , i had roast beef which was the special christmas dish ( they also offered turkey ) . i really liked it , the meat and gravy were supertasty and the potato puree was delicious . my spouse ordered the turkey and it tasted even better . a great neighbourhood pub , i 'll come back for sure to try the normal menu : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after finding out that sharkey 's was closed for reservations which was n't mentioned on their website , we decided to come here . it 's an ok place . all the firkin pubs have the same menu . very limited in scope . i was n't really feeling anything there . i had the onion soup which was very dark and seemed like there was a lot of worcestershire sauce in it . i finished it because i was told to finish my food . lol then i had a pulled pork sandwich . very dry to say the least . the pulled pork sandwiches i 've had were much more `` wet '' and drenched with bbq sauce . there was a certain spice to it that made me wonder why it was in there in the first place . i was so turned off , i did n't end up finishing my fries . this was the second time i was here . i think i 'd only visit any of these establishments for drinks and that 's it !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a reuben sandwich for lunch at the swan & firkin . it was not a good experience . the meat was tough and not very tasty . not very juicy . there was way too much sauerkraut on the sandwich . i also found a piece of plastic in my sandwich . i find the quality of the food in general very lacking . this place is good for a beer and wings but not for a tasty lunch . coming back here for lunch was a mistake .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here for lunch today with my boyfriend and the service was terrible . we finished our drinks before the food arrived and the waitress did not check on us until we finished our food ( brought out by a bus boy ) . after waiting a little while longer , we gave up and just had to ask the busboy for refills as he walked by . during our entire meal we could hear our waitress talking very loudly to a coworker , complaining about someone not showing up for a shift , and then talking to someone else at the bar . so unprofessional and annoying . the food was ok - the same menu as all the other firkins . i do really like their veggie burgers and boyfriend had butternut squash soup which he liked , too - so a couple of stars for reliable food only .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great neighborhood pub . roof top patio . good quality food and big menu ranging from lamb chops , to chicken fingers . nice staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went there a few weeks ago just to sit on a patio and have a pint . found out that there was a special on beer - bonus for us , we sat on the rooftop section which was very busy . the interior of the bar is heavily decked out in british decor , which i kinda like . our waitress even had a british accent ! beer was cold ( and cheap ) food was good , they serve a long list of poutines ! good service , would go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the atmosphere was very quaint and nice but the service was awful . we had to wait forever for them to get our bills even though there were barely any customers and the staff were mostly standing around doing nothing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here on a friday night . surprisingly it was n't busy . stayed here for a couple of hours , then we bounced . ordered some pub food , but they tasted ok , nothing wowed me . their price is quite decent . service was bad . our server was kind of rude from the time we first sat down there and did n't even smile . at the end she made some weird comments to us too . too bad , their balcony patio got some potential to be a nice place to chill at .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for me this is the sort of place that reminds me of a good time , i do n't think it has much to do with the actual place it self but its the closest pub for us west-enders . the service here is okay , the food is okay , the drinks are good except when you order a mixed drink which is always a hit or miss depending on who is making it . i do think it is overpriced for pub food , but perhaps bloor west has expensive rent ? the best part of this place is their second floor patio which has heaters in the winter as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have n't been to the place much since the renovation , but it 's one of the most popular pubs of bloor west village . bit pricey though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the food and the service is always good . deep fried pickles are my kryptonite . the new look is great , the music and sport selection are good . beer selection is fairly good . there are frequent affordable specials that make it easy to keep visiting . a regular haunt , and justifiably so .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would love to be able to rate the food during my visit , but unfortunately , my friends and i we 're unable to order because we we 're `` forced '' out . one of our friends did n't have his id , but the rest of us did and we we 're all majority of age . we agreed to not order any drinks , to which the waitress and bouncer agreed to , and the waitress walked us to our table . as we were looking at the menus and had already stripped off our bulky winter jackets , the bouncer informs us that we must leave the establishment because one person does n't have id . oh , and did i mention we were n't going to consume alcoholic beverages ? ! i was so annoyed by this , and the fact that they waited for us to be seated irritated me the most ! i will never be coming to this location again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here a second time deciding to give it another chance and i 'm much more impressed . in terms of celebrating for st. patricks , this place was n't really fun , it was like a normal restaurant . food however was amazing ! i had the calamari , chicken wings , and british poutine . it 's soooooo good to the point that i ca n't stop thinking about it ! ! ! service is still hit or miss , but whatever i 've accepted that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love firkin pub food once in a while . the fish and chips , sheppard 's pie and wraps has been consistently good . a convenient and fun place to go with friends before or after a night of theatre at village playhouse !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to several firkin pubs and was curious to try this one as well . great saturday night deal on the beer . almost 2 liters of rickards red for 9 $ . what a steal . free jug included . had some of their nachos and they were really good ... good price considering how big the plate was ... leafs game was loud with a lot of people watching it . also had a halloween party to follow . friendly waitress always ready to serve . great for a saturday night and i would probably go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a firkin pub ! that says enough already - average food and drink in non-offensive surroundings . the upstairs patio and downstairs patio are great in the summertime . right across the street from runnymede station .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just like the others in the chain . good food and ambiance , but nothing to write home about . came for food because my friend really wanted chicken fingers . they were good , and fries were hot and fresh . i got the shepherds cottage pie ( po-tato ... po-ta-to ) , it was hot and good , but i 've had better , and came with veggies that were well cooked , and not overdone . our waiter could have been more attentive , and service faster and better in general , but to be fair they were busy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "swan has terrible , uninspired food and underwhelming service . i could n't finish my meal and neither could another member of my table . granted , the patio is pretty large , but there are much better places in the area for a similar price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just like this place . its a chain and has the same cool decor as almost all firkin pubs but i find the service at this location is better than most . they also have an awesome roof patio which makes for great people watching from above . tonight we stopped in for beers and apps . i had the buttler 's pale ale which is exclusive to firkin . its pretty good . mild taste , smooth , not very hoppy but with a nice body . for food we ordered calamari which was as passable ad any other chain restaurant , irish nachos , bangers in a blanket and some wings . the irish nachos are awesome , think loaded fries from new york fries . the bangers are a personal favourite . nothing really special , banger sausage in puff pastry with spicy mustard . its real comfort food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love going to the swan and firkin ! they have a great atmosphere and great food ! i would go there any time of day , take out or sit in ! great spot for bloor west !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like that place . great in summer if u like sitting on a patio ... . try the irish nachos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in toronto for two days and had an amazing last night with my friends at this place . it 's not just the great food and great atmosphere , but also the local waiter ryan is not the usual boring waiter . he totally made my night with his energy . i would totally recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the swan & firkin has the best , most consistently yummy nachos that i 've had to date in toronto . they 're huge , and although a little pricey at $ 16 , they come with loads of salsa , sour cream , and guacamole -- not just those little plastic ramekins . as for the other foodstuffs offered , i 've had good experience with what i 've ordered . prices are standard and so are the menu choices , but i never leave wishing i 'd just stayed home , made my own food , and saved the money . the last three times i 've visited we 've had the same server , a younger guy . he 's super friendly , accommodating , and on the ball . i 'd recommend s & f to anyone in bloor west who is hungry and wants to pay for average prices for average pub food done well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for dinner and drinks with a friend over the summer . the patio is one of the biggest in the high park area , we stayed outside so i ca n't comment on the interior . the food was pretty good and service was quick . this was an average pub experience . i 've been to a few of the firkin pubs now in the area and they all sort of have the same feel . overall a good time", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my friends and i came here for an outing on i believe either friday or saturday night . it was quite live here they also had bouncers checking for id in the front also . its located right next to runnymede station . the service here was terrible and not what i expected from the first impressions i got when i walked pass by here . the food here was decent not something i would be crazy over . also the prices of the beer for a pitcher was decent 15 $ + depending on the beer you enjoy . prior to leaving this place we had to wait a while to get our bill and we as a group decided not to give the waitress as much tip as we intended too because of the terrible service we had . the bouncer then came up to us in a threatening way and asked why did we not tip the waitress . i believe were banned from this place now , how nice huh ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great little pub , we have been going for years . great food , pasta specials daily , wine and beer specials . the turkey avo club is my go to sandwich . great staff . always friendly , and remember you time after time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a chain pub that 's kin to the other `` [ insert animal name here ] and firkin '' establishments around town . it feels a bit phony to me on that account , and it does n't have any strikingly good deals or food to compensate for that . ( unlike the earl 's chain out west , for instance . ) on the other hand , the swan and firkin does have a huge rooftop patio , which has now been enclosed so that it 's all-season , with a commanding view of bloor west from the front .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been coming here for awhile and its basically basic pub fare . on friday and saturday nights its pretty busy but i chock that up to the fact that there is n't anywhere else in bloor west that does n't close at 10 . had a terrible experience there today for brunch . i went there with my mother and upon being seated our waitress said '' i think i remember you , you were in here a few months ago and you did n't leave enough money for your bill . '' my mother and i have been going here for brunch for months and she 's never been there alone as the waitress said she had been . i just ca n't beleive that his impertanent waiteress accused my mom of essentially dining and dashing without any proof and before we had even placed a drink order . she did apologize later , but still ... sawn & firkin is n't terrible but this last experience will definitely make me think twice about recommending it to anyone .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "new renovation is super fun and funky . food is good as always , for pub grub . great places for drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite casual places to go in the area , shepard 's pie is excellent , peri peri chicken is excellent , decent sunday breakfest .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been going here for decades even before it was the swan . amazing place until recently . i have had nothing but pisitive experiences with the staff for years . tonight i went by with a friend who made a point of bringing her passport with her because she looks young . she was stopped by the bouncer . she was polite and provided her passporr proving her age . enter and sit at the bar and literally 30 seconds later an abnoxious bartender with attitude asks her for id .my friend tells her that she was just ided but she demands id agai . friend puts the passport on the bar to provide id again and bartender , without looking at id , says `` i 'm nit serving you '' ; apparently she in her arrogsnce did not like the way the passport was presented to her holiness . neither my friend nor i were impaired having just left our house . i spoke to the bouncer right after and and he apologized . we attended a better bar without a single problem . i think management really needs at this bartender and her artogance .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good atmosphere . good food . prices were fair , cheap draughts on a sunday . had the spicy italian pasta , the chicken burger and the a salad with chicken . everything was as good as can be expected at a pub . i liked it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place reminds me of summer , mostly because of its two outdoor patios which are currently snow covered and depressed . one patio is down at street level , which is great when the sidewalk radiates heat in july and all you want to do is find an umbrella and a beer . upstairs is a fantastic open ceiling patio that overlooks bloor , so if you see your friend passing by on the ground below , you can yell from above and laugh as they struggle for a moment to figure out where you are and watch them contemplate if they 're going crazy . ahhh summer . i miss you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "grabbed some drinks and pub grub with a pal on friday night . we arrived at around 6:30 and it was empty , but once the hockey game started , it began to get crowded . the decor is pretty cool with the theme being the london underground ; there is a bar area and a dining section . my pal and i sat in the former with a good view of the screens showing the game . the food was your typical pub food ; a-okay . the drink menu was a-okay ; not a huge list , but there was something for everyone . the swan is your typical pub ; it does the trick if you 're planning a casual meet up for drinks . good for : casual drinks , snacks", "score": "3"}
{"review": "all the firkins are pretty standard . good drink deals , good value for your food or good bang for your buck ! this one i like a lot because of the rooftop patio . such a gem ! on a nice day there 's nothing better than that with a cold beer and some nachos . great friendly service . ca n't complain . it 's nothing out of this world but this one is lovely because of the great patio .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped in to grab some lunch and a drink while the crazy sunday traffic died down . had a bloody mary or caesar and it was fine . nothing super special but refreshing . i had a black bean burger which was pretty good . came with fries and onion rings ! woohoo ! my husband had a poutine with buffalo chicken that he really liked . they have a great rooftop seating area ! if the weather permits i highly recommend going up there !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of the better firkin pubs with a spectacular patio overseeing bloor west village . i had the butler 's pale ale for the first time . it 's brewed exclusively for the firkin pubs , which explains why i had n't heard of it . it did n't have much character but it was clean , crisp and highly carbonated with a nice golden colour and a decent white head . it was served really cold so it was even more refreshing . i got the bacon cider chicken on the recommendation of a fellow yelper . with the exception of chicken being a tad over cooked , i found it to be quite tasty . the cider sauce was very rich and complemented the bacon very nicely . i also had their fried pickle and thought it was a let down . the batter was not good at all . i feel like the swan was one of the only firkin pubs i can vouch for . even if the food drink is n't amazing , they have a great location and one heck of a patio .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "does anyone really enjoy going to the dentist ? i know i do n't . in fact i hate it . or i should say , i hated it . past tense ... dawn green and her employees make the not-fun-at-all but necessary dental visits as pleasant as possible . i have been in twice now , for x-rays and cleanings and both times i had the same hygienist . i am not sure what her name is , but this is the most gentle dental hygienist i have ever had clean my teeth . now that i have found dawn green and her wonderful staff , i no longer dread making an appointment to get my teeth cleaned . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred here by jessie b. i am new to town and needed a recommendation for a new dentist and this was a great one . everyone in the office is pleasant and chatty . the hygienist was very thorough and almost zero pain . that was nice because recent trips to the hygienist have been a bit painful due to my old choppers being more sensitive . prices were fair and i will be returning in 6 months for another cleaning ! the office is located in a mall , in the back there are offices housing various businesses the office grounds give a feeling that you are not in vegas . free parking as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "doctor green , i miss you ! you probably do n't even remember me since i have n't seen you nearly often enough since moving away from las vegas . but you were the only dentist i liked as a kid and my immediate family still regularly sees you ! you and your staff have helped our smiles remain beautiful . the staff at dr green 's office is awesome -- super friendly and accommodating . dr green is a real gem of a dentist and i hate dentists . if only i could remember to book an appointment during my visits home . you probably do n't take my crappy berkeley student insurance , anyway , though . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since moving to las vegas i have n't found a dentist that i really liked . my insurance covers a dentist that is right around the corner from my house but after doing more research online , i then found dr. green on zocdoc . and boy i am so glad i did ! the drive to her office is well worth it for me . i was really dreading coming to the dentist because i had n't been in awhile and i desperately needed a cleaning and to fill some cavities . i was so nervous and walked into her office shaking , but her staff made me feel very comfortable and they put my mind at ease . they are very professional and i was definitely satisfied with my overall experience . my two cavities did n't take very long at all . maybe 20 minutes and i was on my way out . friendly , professional staff and comfortable office . ca n't wait to make my next appointment now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best dentist there is . i took my kids to dawn green 23 years ago . the reason was , my children were between the ages of 3 and 1 . a different dentist told me i could not sit in the room with them . i called her office , they got me in same day and allowed me to sit with my children . through the years she has never overcharged us -and always had my kids best interest at heart ! my son who is now 23 and lives in reno , called her to make an appointment and is flying in specifically to see her . he went to a dentist in reno , and realized he needed someone he could trust . if you want dentist that cares about the patient , dawn green , dds is the only choice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nobody i know likes going to the dentist , most of all me but today i took that first step and went to go see dr. green after 25yrs of being dentist free . after so many years of not taking care of my teeth one becomes embarrassed at the thought of opening your mouth to a stranger . not the whitest teeth , caps missing , cavities and bonding that 's over 20yrs old.. the thought horrified me . i 'm pleased to say i found my dentist . dr green is absolutely fabulous ! the minute i talked to lisa at the front desk i was put to ease , the second i had my teeth x-ray'ed by the technician my doubts were gone and the instant i met dr green i knew i found my dentist . gentle , to the point , direct , funny and an outstanding staff . today was a good day is it weird that i 'm looking forward to going back and getting started on my mess of a mouth ? ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "she did a very good job it seems so far , if it does n't hold i 'll of course reiterate my review . overall she was very pleasant . just my kind of humor . nice filipino assistant that was easy on the eyes . got my wisdom tooth taken out along with two other molars . it went by quickly and pretty painlessly . and the price was very , very , very reasonable for a cash customer with no insurance . i would recommend to anybody i know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent dental office ! ! ! she was my primary dentist for 3 years til i moved out of state ... and even then , i still flew in for a few more visits ! she has a caring & knowledgeable staff who take the time to explain everything they 're doing and always have your best interest in mind , i.e . they never push or even recommend expensive , unnecessary products and or procedures ( pretty shocking , i know ) . your search for a dentist should be over .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no reason to fear going to the dentist with dr. green . the staff , service , and expertise will leave you smiling wide and bright .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice staff , good location , efficient . i went in for a cleaning and then a second time for a small filling . was in and out no fuss . to the point , small office . will continue to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did a great job and i was satisfied with my overall experience . i recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed eyelash extension supplies . and they tried to charge me $ 20 for a box of 10 pairs of the lint free eyepads . i 've gone to different nail supply stores who carry the exact same brand and charge $ 11 for that box .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the store was kind of cluttered , but they do have a vast selection for nail needs . rather you own a store or just do your own nails they will be able to accommodate you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very helpful and patient staff , very low prices , stocked full of everything you need for nails . i do my own , i 'm not a professional , and i 'll be going here for everything from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst `` car wash '' experience ever . my car looked better after driving through a haboob . `` service advisor '' warren rolled his eyes at me when i declined his aggressive upselling . bugs still crusted on windshield , bird poop still dripping down the side of my car and no attempt to dust the dash or any of the interior after their basic wash . huge waste of money and time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i agree that the bad thing about this place at all their locations is how they pressure you into upgrading your wash options , and window chip repairs . they are also not cheap , and sometimes the car is not as perfect as i would like for the price i have paid . the worst experience i had with them was when i got a full detail and my owners manual was not put back into the car . i argued with them and demanded that they find it , but was told they were not responsible for it and there was nothing else they could do . the manual cost $ 450 to replace from land rover . i never got a new one .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "danny 's car wash is the worst car wash in the city . the only reason i ever go there is convenience and if i really can not go elsewhere . i had the worst car wash ever today and it does n't even look like they touched the interior of my car . i have no idea how they are still in business after their horrible customer service , horrible reviews and terrible job they do for everyone . i will never go back . i 'm only giving them one star because i ca n't post my review with zero stars !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after reading the previous comments , perhaps my experience is uncommon but i thought the employees at jacksons did a great job ! ! from the moment i pulled up to the moment my car was done , i was only there for 20 minutes . everyone was very friendly and accommodating . this is the first time i 've been here since it was danny 's and i will continue to come here for my car wash needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "high quality courteous service i have gone to the danny 's in north scottsdale several times for the `` works '' wash with different vehicles and they have done a very nice job . windows cleaned very well , tires nicely done , body wiped dry and air sprayed well , and nicely vacuumed . and done rather quickly for such a nice job compared to other places . i know there are a lot of bad reviews here but i have only had good experiences ! i have no problem recommending danny 's in north scottsdale .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hard to believe it could get any worse ? but under the new ownership there is not enough help so i waited 30 minutes and it was dead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had an oil change ( $ 69.00 ) and paid extra for the works wash . when i picked up my car , it did n't look like it had been vacuumed . they sent me back to the vacuum area , and while i waited a guy was trying to tape up the vacuum hose with clear packing tape . i was tired of waiting so i asked for a manager . oscar came over and proceeded to tell me that they could n't pick up dog hair and that if i had wanted a detail , i should of paid for a detail . the woman who vacuumed the other side of my car was somehow able to clean it . oscar was the rudest , most obnoxious person i had run into . and he was the manager . shocking ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "having moved recently from seattle the full service wash thing is new to me . i used to pay the same price to run my car though a building with brushes and a big blower thing at the end . imagine my excitement when i found out i could get my mini van washed , vacuumed , and windows cleaned for only $ 12.99 . i think what i like about this place is watching how hard and well the folks work on my van after it has gone through the machine . they seem to enjoy their jobs , like each other and they do a fantastic job . i also like that i feel like i get the same service and attention to detail in my $ 1000 hooptie ( which from what i can tell is the ugliest vehicle in scottsdale ) as the 100k + cars next to me . it is soooo worth it to go here , i could pay a few bucks less at costco but then i have to vacuum myself and wash the windows and dash myself ... where is the value in that ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "be advised now called jackson 's : have taken my vehicles there repeatedly over years . in january , i took my truck back for a detail ( after being delayed when they were previously detailing truck on the day of the immigration raids ) and to fix three windshield stars of small proportion . spent $ 200 for the detail . when arrived to pick vehicle up four hours later , stars not repaired ( insurance was charged ) , mud in the inner wheel wells , smears and smudges on interior mirrors and windows . attempted to get money refunded on spot , but no one in authority on lot and manager in `` meeting . '' when complained to credit card company , the company said they did the job as agreed and refused to receive a charge back ( chase ) . ca n't get hold of anyone there to answer complaint . business is a bunch of fraudsters .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i brought my car in because i have dog hair in it and when they got done cleaning my car they never even vacuumed the dog hair up . it 's still everywhere ! ughh . not impressed and will try somewhere else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "like every car wash location these days , danny 's tries to sell you on their detail packages ... just get the $ 29.95 wash package . it 's clean , thorough , takes about 30-40 minutes on the weekend and your call smells fresh and looks great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is getting progressively worse ! just left after a 55 minute wait to get a works wash . the last time i was there it was 35-40 minutes and they did an absolutely awful job . the best part about today 's experience was my call to the `` manager '' after i left , who told me that he would take my name and have the manager call me ... .what ? ? like he is going to tell the real manager that he was n't supervising the crew and making sure the car was was running efficiently ... ..not holding my breath waiting for a call ! ! ! need to find a new car wash ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one day , out of the blue , dr. chuang decided that she does n't like my ppo provider , and therefore , would not allow my husband and me to be her patients any longer , even if we were willing to pay her upfront and deal with our insurance ourselves . my company pays higher premiums to have employees in a ppo because you 're not limited to staying in network , but dr. chuang does n't care . so , my husband and i were denied service , even though we have valid insurance , have always paid our co-pays at the time of service and offered to pay the full amount for the visit up front.. if you ca n't trust your doctor to be there when you need her , you need another doctor . i would n't knowingly get started with a doctor i ca n't trust to be there when i need her .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after making an appt 2 weeks ago , the doctors office waited till the day before to advise me that , even thought she is available through anthem insurance , apparently per the office manager they do n't take the insurance . the girl that works the phones , is probably the rudest person ever . so glad this appt did not work out , would not want to take my daughter there with that kind of customer service . update ... .apparently the voice mail i have indicating they do not take our insurance is a lie ... .the office manager judy told our ins rep that they are no longer taking new patients ... something someone should have known 2 weeks ago when the appointment was made . stephanie the gal at the phone , said they do n't take the insurance . so with that said on top of all of this they are also extreme liars ... i have a voicemail transcript to prove it . i would think twice before going there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would never take my children back here or recommend her . i had been about two or three times and all times not happy , and they waiting room makes me feel like im in the hood . what did it for me was i knew my oldest had strep so i brought him in , and she insisted it was tb which i thought was an odd thing she almost rudely insisted upon and jumped to right away . not to mention that makes the news and is a big deal when surfaced.then when the results came back that it was strep , she was shocked and wanted to order more test . i should have walked away then , but then the `` what ifs '' set in and so i followed through . then she was shocked he didnt have it . wth ! ! ! i would never go back in a million years .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "busy office that treats you like cattle and then leaves you sitting in the room after they are done ... .none even told me they were done with me until they realized they needed the room ! i was in a lot of pain and all they did was take a lot of notes , some blood samples and then gave me some cards as referrals and then just left waiting in the examining room ! i called back after the long wknd holiday and some dude named omar answered the phone with a hello ... then i asked for he office mgr and got joan who i find out is a family memeber who also is not very professional . i was told by her twice to find another doctor if i was unhappy ! ! ! i was not unhappy with the doctor but the office staff , ... wow i will find another office that knows how to treat patients . fyi my father was a gp in nj and knew how to treat patients !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. rita b chuang is rude and mean . her heart is not with the patients . it 's more on her own clinically studies . you ca n't bring up more than one issue within one appointment . for example i had an annual physical exam appointment , and at my appointment i asked for a prescription refill . i was told the appointment was for one thing only , which means i had to make an appointment just for a prescription refill . are you kidding me ? on top of that , she said it in a very mean rude obnoxious way that pissed me off . seriously , only her time is value , no one else 's . she does n't care about the patients . she cares about the money and her time . why bother seeing patients , she might as well bury herself in her research . i will never go back to see her again b c of her manners , being a bitch to her patients .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i moved here and saw pretty good reviews so i decided to go here . sad to say but it takes a week to make an appointment just to see the dr. and yes they accept walk ins be fail to mention that they are rude and treat you like a waste of space . their rule is that they can accept walk ins but they can only treat one symptom . i could n't make an appointment because it took a week . when the dr saw me she was extremely rude to me and said `` you are lucky i am even seeing you right now , my patient had to go to the bathroom so i am in here '' i ended up having to go to the er after my walk in experience because they did n't treat me . now i am switching doctors .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "like everyone else , i had to find a doctor that is in my ppo network ... but of course , the hardest part is to find a good doctor who is competent and caring . i have been going to dr. rita chuang for 3 years now , and she is competent , caring , personable and put me at ease the moment i met her . the office is very clean and presentable . there are chairs to accommodate all the patience . magazines are available for one 's entertainment . my last visit , which was yesterday , i was soooooo glad to learn that i can just walk 2 buildings down the plaza to get bloodwork done ! i was jumping for joy ! prior years , i would need to go to quest to get my bloodwork done and if you did n't schedule ahead to get it done , you will be sitting there for a loooooong time and it sux ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been going to dr chuang for almost 2 years . she is very detailed and explains everything and refers me to great specialist . she is above and beyond the best primary healthcare doctor i have ever been to . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. chuang is the best . my fianc\u00e9 is in med school ... i suggested he rotate through her office for his medical rotations in family medicine because she is the perfect example of a caring , thorough , and competent medical professional . she always acts like i am the only patient in the whole place , even when she is swamped . dr. chuang really takes the time to listen to my concerns and put my mind at ease . i feel like i am in capable hands with dr. chuang . additionally , the office staff is very friendly , even when it is hectic . i am so used to doctors ' offices where you are afraid to approach the counter : ) not at this place . every time i call or visit , i feel as though i am a valued patient . it 's hard to find a doctor these days who has a good bedside manner ... finding a whole staff that treats you with respect is a real blessing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw dr. rita chuang after a particularly bad sunburn and she healed me right up . she took the time to answer all my questions and gave me advice on how to prevent scarring . she had great bedside manners and was the nicest doctor i 've ever had the pleasure of seeing . there 's always a bit of a wait for the doctor , but nothing out of the ordinary and worth it because dr. chuang is super knowledgeable and caring . staff was friendly just like the doctor . waiting room was comfortable . glad to find a doctor in the area that i can trust from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. rita chuang was a fantastic doctor , efficient , knowledgeable , friendly , and easy to talk with . i had an annual physical with her . she really values the time of her patients and also their care by answering everything relevant , explaining things , and talking with you about your questions and concerns . i also really appreciated how efficiently her office operated . they were ready to see me when i arrived on time and processed all my paperwork and took my readings quickly . there was no long wait after my appointment and it was really easy to schedule my appointment . i 'm glad i chose her to be my doctor here in the las vegas valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this doctor . she 's the perfect combination of competence and caring . and she always makes time to see me , even squeezing me in for emergency visits . she 's the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had a mixed relationship in my visits w dr. chaung . i like that her office is up to date in that they take cc payments and you can get blood work done there on the spot . one time i apparently asked her about too many things in one visit and she did a 180 in her personality and got really rude and told me that i was limited to ( x ) amount of issues per visit . she basically rushed me out of the room after that . what i though was amusing was that i was only in the room w her for about ten minutes . i 'll go to her for prescriptions if needed , but she has her moments when she does n't act very professional and ca n't keep her cool .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family has been to see dr. chuang yearly for our checkups and i think she is wonderful ! she has always been courteous and covered any concerns . she is great with both my teenage son and daughter and i 'm so glad that we found her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i normally avoid going to the doctor like the plague because of past experiences but dr. chuang is amazing . she made me feel very comfortable and was very easy to talk to . i am so happy that i changed medical plans and found her in our network . i will recommend her to other people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. chaung is the best primary doctor i 've had . she is caring and easy to talk to . she personally calls me with my test results and answers all questions . i do n't understand the negative comments .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i first went to dr. chuang she seemed caring and competent . fast forward a couple of years she is more interested in what kind of insurance you have than treating her patients . she takes a couple of minutes to do an exam and refers you to a specialist without even trying to figure out a simple ear ache . unprofessional and rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's always nice going to the doctor and been seen at the original time of my appointment , she takes her time to answer your question . the referrals sometimes takes a little longer than it should but very good in general .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr chuang 's office is highly organized and well run . she is courteous , straightforward , and addresses each concern efficiently . wait time is minimal , and she follows up on any questions or further actions needed quickly . her staff are also very helpful and efficient . great office !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved here from oregon and had to find new primary care doctor . i set an appt with dr. chuang and love her . she is very thorough and listens . i appreciate that she could take me on as a new patient and i can always get seen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time seeing a primary doctor in general . i thought she was a great first experience . let 's see how it turns out when j go back to check my results , let 's see if she 's knowledgeable enough to find what 's wrong with me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "she is incredibly heartless . she has no care for patients or the fact she took the hippocratic oath . i had an extreme reaction to a medication she prescribed . i showed up looking for help , the office door was unlocked . she was upfront , turned around and said they were closed . i asked if i could ask one question since she gave me the medicine and i was having such a bad reaction , she told me that she could n't help me , and i was better off with a psychiatrist because they were closed and she did n't think she could help . again , after she prescribed it . terrible bed side manner . i tried to look past the disorganized office but to be honest , she really just is n't a nice person .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just switched my primary care physician to dr chuang and i am so happy i did ! i had my annual physical with her today and she was so great . she is so down to earth and truly a kind hearted person . she made me want to go back to see her soon ! they do the labs right there if you need any blood work and the office was very quiet and homey ! i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will be honest with you i kind of struggle with their menu as i eat halal meat and they do n't have the best dishes available for vegetarian or seafood lovers . never the less there are few options on the menu to fill your tummy . the location itself is great as the restaurant is setup very nice and looks as high scale restaurant with nice lighting and seats . the server was very friendly and quick to take orders and provide suggestions and that what i love . i ordered their vegetarian burger which came with nice sized fries . the burger was a little dry adding a sauce would help . overall good experience but average food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i found milestones while i was looking for a different restaurant and i 'm glad i did . the atmosphere was modern urban and the menu eclectic . i opted for their veggie burger . the burger itself was a standard gardenburger-not too exciting by itself . but the topping-i had the four cheese-along with the pickle , onion and romaine lettuce made for a delicious combo . i 'm in town for only two nights , but may go back tomorrow evening to try another vegetarian item from their menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had lunch with a client here today , oct 2 15 . this is a decent restaurant in terms of size & style . the menu is very limited & is lacks a decent nutritious lunch selections . i decided to go with the crispy chicken sammy w no mayo & coleslaw on the side . glad i did ... the coleslaw was burn-your-head-off hot . way too hot for the sandwich in my opinion at least . my piece of chicken was destroyed . it was dry & over cooked by a lot . normally i would have said something & sent the food back but not with a client . i guess you live & learn . next time ... choose another restaurant ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst burger i 've had in a loooong time . really disappointed . the patty was dry and not hot . seemed like it was n't made from fresh meat . the bun was also dry , a little hard , and burnt . you know when bread sits out for too long ? it gets a hard ? that 's what this was like . only went here out of necessity . had an event at the congress centre . will go out of my way to not come back . mcdonalds even looks good compared to this .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow , could n't beleive milestones sucked this bad ... .decided to go there for the top chef dinner and watching the series on food network ... ..wow just not good - the icing on the cake was the strawberry shortcake dessert that was done by dusty on the show piled high with strawberries ... .lol it showed up with one strawberry - the cake part was hard as a rock ... .we laughed and showed to waitress ( who was excellent ) and the manager gave us $ 50 in oops money ... .going to try again in ottawa this week", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love the portobello mushroom pasta and the spring salad ... .they 're close to my house so i order take out and just devour it in the comfort of my own home . thanks for never disappointing me ... i 've never tried anything else on the menu ... any recommendation ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was at a trade show at the toronto congress centre next door and we ducked out to grab some lunch at about 1:30pm . it turns out that we were n't the only people with this idea as the place was packed . unfortunately , that meant it took a while to get service , drinks and food . i ordered the mayan burger and told them i had a dairy allergy . the burger arrived without a bun . apparently the buns have milk in them ! this was fine , but i wish i was told , or given an option , but i was absolutely starving . the burger was good , not mind blowing , but i enjoyed it . the food is decent and service is very friendly , but seeing as they are right beside a large conference hall that holds thousands of people , they might want to figure out how to serve a full house better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have never been in this area but i have a layover , i ordered take out to my hotel room . it took an hour an a half to get here , good was cold and the worst part was the woman who delivered . she actually yelled at me because she got the room number wrong and had been knocking on the wrong door for 15minutes . i wish i could have gotten her name but after her little rant i just wanted her to leave as soon as possible ! i will never recommend this place and will be complaining to the front desk about that incredibly rude delivery woman and request them not to give out bp delivery menus to guests !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i visited on a sunday evening . the restaurant was n't really busy . the host and my server were both helpful and nice . i ordered the coconut calamari which did n't really taste like coconut but was still delicious and comes with a sweet chilly sauce . my friend ordered the taco salad of the featured menu which was incredibly huge . i got the supreme fries which technically is a appetizer but the portion was that of an entree which was very tasteful i jus wish the peppers were jalape\u00f1os .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very slow service and mediocre food . in toronto ? please . they did try and rectify with free dessert , but not enough to keep me from posting this . search on for another place ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible horrible service ! recently went for a party and the waitstaff were miserable and lazy . not once did they take my drink order until i asked and never filled up our water . we also asked for a bellini- sans alcohol , and the waitress was adamant that they could n't do that . what a lie . when we asked for an alternate she rudely tells us there 's nothing . so i ordered from the canada day special- i got the poutine . it was disgusting . i think there was only 5 chunks of cheese churds . it was so salty i could barely eat it . do they even try these menu items before selling it ? what a waste of money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friday night dinner & drinks ... first beer came in a cracked glass and had to be returned to the bar ourselves , burger had no flavour and seemed to be the frozen boxed kind ; salmon salad lacked dressing until i realized it was all in the bottom inch of the bowl ; none of these were addressed to the waiter because he only came at the end to collect our money . we both agreed we may come back for drinks and appetizers on the patio but definitely not ever again for dinner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "quick service , lovely food and perfect portion sizes . i had the steak , cooked to perfection . my girlfriend had the gluten free burger which tasted like a regular burger . slightly on the pricey side so minus one star . but not so pricey that you would n't go back because the food is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was ok ... selection was kinda weak but the food was good . for the price imho not total worth it . the service was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i visit this location twice ( 2 ) a year for the last 3 years . from the food to the staff this place is top notch . the bread with melted cheese and chimichurri is great ! note : the guys working the bar are phenomenal . most important , the same staff is always working there ( no turnovers ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing to right home about , ordered a burger it was pretty decent , the fries were soggy as jeans on a rainy day however , but the service was fast and friendly and the place was clean", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not much to say that other people have n't but food was decent and place was clean which is all you ask for walking distance from my hotel . the staff was friendly and attentive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service by both the hostess and server was fantastic and a very busy night was handled professionally and incredibly ! the food was amazing and the healthy options are so appreciated ! a perfect meal after a long day of work while travelling !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad ... nice place to have a few drinks with friends . the food is ok , but not great . recommend when you 're looking for something quick to eat . they also have a take out counter", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sat in a poorly lit area , appetizer dip was cold on top and runny and my pasta was cold , salty and nothing spectacular . our waitress came once only to check on us on after the last plate was set down . she never returned to ask if we wanted a drink refill , coffee or dessert ( which we did ) . she also messed up an order and implied that it was our fault . lastly , no one came to clear our plates for some time after we all finished eating . i would n't go out of my way to come to this location . not worth what you pay .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our second `` date night '' at this location . i am not so pleased this time . we ordered the 8oz . sirloin steak which was part of the date night menu . the meat was tough with a few chewy connective tissues that one can choke on . our food came a bit cold as i saw it standing on top of the counter waiting to be served . it was quite busy that time so i would be considerate to give this place another chance under these circumstances . they have gluten-free options , substitutions with a few dollars extra . we enjoyed the dessert though , chocolate gnash torte.. melts in the mouth yumminess . until the next date night : ) )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the prime rib . was n't bad , but nothing to write home about . beer was fairly priced . 18 oz for 6.95 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to visit toronto quite frequently for work and sometimes stay in a hotel near this restaurant , so i have visited this branch multiple times . service in general is pretty good , but food quality standard is mediocre . last time i ordered the prime ribs , the steak itself was excellent , but the mash potato and the green beans are barely warm . this time i ordered the steak frites . the steak again was cooked perfectly , but the fries were lame and string union rings cold and doughy . the kitchen department needs to bring up a notch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i will never go into this getgo ever again in my life the customer service is horrible . my experience there was so bad that i got into verbal argument with one of the cashiers . she was trying to yell and scream at me with a line full of customers . if you are looking for a job i would not recommend you work here . the cashier was very unfriendly , unprofessional and had the biggest attitude . it 's was obvious that she is always at work with this miserable attitude . i wonder who does the hiring and training at this place because if david shepherd knew that his customers were being treated this horribly he would fire the whole store . i spoke with the store manager about the incident that occurred and she said that she would be having a conversation with that employee but i 'm not sure what will result from that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent parking available , & place to sit and eat your get-go food inside . getting out can be hectc , depending on traffic hour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called for a quote after being referred to this place by a co-worker . i spoke to a girl named maria . their customer service was awful . they were very rude and unprofessional . after calling over and over again , i was greeted with an attitude from the woman who answered the phone . they kept me on hold for 33 minutes and never apologized . i would n't trust these people with my neighbor 's dog 's teeth , which is a dog i want to run over with a bulldozer . this place has disgusting customer service . recommendation denied .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the male dentist is rude and nearly impossible to understand . overall they were unhelpful with my root canal and crown . originally they said they were going to put a crown on and after they prepped it and i came back for the crown i complained of pain since they did a poor job and suddenly i needed a root canal which coincidently they would not accept for a root canal . the girl dentist seems very nice if you go here i 'd choose her . the receptionists are 50 50 depends who you get . would avoid at all costs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "disappointing . i needed a cleaning most of all but accepted an exam , x-rays , and cleaning for a $ 100 offer . i arrived the dentist checked me in walked me to my chair and started the cleaning . only used drill no pick no floss . said i needed 2 crowns for x amount and wrapped it up . did n't ask me to rinse my mouth or nothing . he walked me to the counter an asked me for $ 100 and i mentioned no x-rays were taken and he said that should have been done by his assistant . i would love to say he was having a bad day but his assistant told me that 's his norm . lesson learned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mr. brian nguyen is a very nice dentist and the prices are very affordable , but it 's unfortunate that this office has a couple of front office employees that are not cut out for customer service . they have very poor attitudes and seem to be very unorganized . wow ... it 's not a very smart move to have 2 out of 3 ( that we have seen ) rude front office employees working in the front because they are the first impression people will have of this dental office and it 's not a very great one . did i mention we 've now been waiting 40 minutes after our appointment time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this dentist office ! the staff is very professional the prices are affordable . my mother was in a bad car accident and her dentures needed to be replaced . we called the office to schedule an appointment and the staff was very friendly and efficient . the whole process of fitting the dentures has been effortless . this dentist truly care about the patients . kim who i believe is the co-owner is very gentle with my mom and showed true concern . i highly recommend this dentist to all in vegas . last but not least . my moms dentures look very natural and they made sure that all of the adjustments were done properly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. kim has been my dentist for over a year and i have been very satisfied every time i go in . she is understanding of my needs and makes me feel very comfortable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "make the appointment there accessible great hours fast efficient and handled well as i direct my needs comfortable and satisfaction", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was really disappointed when i started doing my cleaning the water was splashing all over my face but what made me so mad was my whole back got wet with water and my hair . i told them are u serious no cleaning have i ever got and been the worst like this . then when they started to polish my teeth to me it felt like she rushed and did n't even rise my mouth jut said thank u for come ur all done . i had a wet shirt , wet hair and things all over my face . i hate it there", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr tran is the best , i have been his patient for many years now ! tila was my hygienist today and this is the first time i never experienced discomfort getting bite wing x ray ! thank you tri-state dental ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this practice is misleading , mailed flyer states $ 56 for teeth cleaning but when you book appointment they require additional services at additional cost .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sometimes you want steak , and you want better than sizzler , but do n't want to shell out the big bucks for durant 's or some such either . that 's where black angus fits the bill . two adults can get a decent slab of beef with all the sides , and your kid can get a meal too , for well under a bill . the staff here is always very smiley and nice , and we 've never had much of a wait . though we usually go at `` off '' times . we barely beat the grey tide on sunday , by arriving around 4pm . the decor is mellow and somewhat dim . the booths are freakishly tall , forming a comfy little cocoon to eat in . the piped in music is n't too horrible either -- usually consisting of some mellow 80s tunes and chill 90s rock .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first and last time eating here . service and atmosphere were great . however , ordered the 14oz new york strip steak . after sawing off 13oz of gristle and fat the last ounce needed steak sauce to help out the taste . usually if i 'm paying this much for a steak i number 1 do n't want to have to carve out more than half of the steak in fat and gristle and 2 do n't want to have to use steak sauce . they do n't serve dr. pepper or mr. pibb . who does that ? i believe walmart sells better steak for a fraction of the price and they sell whatever beverage you would like . bottom line , this place is overpriced for the quality of food you receive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my daughter went here and ordered the sampler platter and is highly allergic to shrimp she asked to subsitute it for something else and they said no . they could put it on the side . i called the manager and they said it is not cost effective for them to do this . i called corporate and they said they do not do substitutions and they have no way to ensure there is no cross contamination with products people are allergic to . this is a scary thought . i work in a restaurant and there is away to do it . please if you have allergies or medical issues and you are not able to have certain items do not go to any black angus . this is there company policy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you must get the loaded bake potatoes soup . best i 've ever had ! ! black angus is one of my favorite restaurants . they only have a few in arizona so i take every chance i get to eat there . the appetizers , drinks , and entrees are great . the service at this specific black angus was also superb . very friendly and quick . we were there for lunch so i believe he understood we had a time limit . the booths are nice and big so it is a great place for a big party .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i flew in from philly , so by the time i got to my hotel , my body thought it was 10:30 and i did n't have dinner yet . there were n't many options for dinner , and olive garden was n't going to cut it , so i came here . ( long preface ... i know ) drink to start : corona with a lime ... easy right ? the lime was stale and fell apart as i pushed it into the bottle . next ... glass of bv cab '09 - better , but the glass had major water marks on it . i got a 6 oz filet with broccoli . i was pleasantly surprised , although the knife handle was broken . the `` wood '' was snapped at the bottom . the server was friendly and attentive . he called me sir at the end of every sentence , which made it awkward . once or twice is okay , but 60 times in one hour is a bit much .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow what a disappointment , both mine and my wifes steak were well under cooked , of course the waiter noticed mine right away and later came and took my wifes back . that completety ruins a meal when food is sent back . $ 60 tragedy . had n't been to a black angus in years and wo n't be returning to this one . too bad", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went there the monday after new years . they did not know that it was a holiday.only 3 servers on duty . wait for attention at the table for attention was very long , then while the young lady was trying hard , the food service was very long and the burger that i had was terrible . dry , overcooked and no sauce on it at all . i ordered a french dip to take home and onion rings instead of ff . i paid extra for the onion rings . when i got home there was no dip for the french dip , and only 4 onion rings . needless to say it will be many years before i go back . r.m .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was pretty good but the service sucked . the waitress barely said anything to us and not once asked if we would like a refill . we barely saw her the whole night . after spending a lot of money you would think we would have great service . funny that the other customers around us seemed to have the waitresses always around but ours . we will not be back here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food , drinks moscow peach mule and nacho supreme friendly wait staff and bartender and gm", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have never had a problem at this location until this past sunday . we sat down & i realized it was very hot inside the restaurant . thinking maybe it was just the table we went to move to a cooler spot . there was n't a cooler spot so we asked to speak to the mgr. , paul . we asked if the a c was broken & paul said it was set for 78 . we asked if he could turn it down & he said no . we left & went to another restaurant where the temperature was set much cooler ! who wants to sit in a hot restaurant & eat hot food ? not me . no wonder they are going under !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to this location well over 25 year and this place is still a great place to eat a great prim rib dinner . service is always top notch . their bread is incredible and not to mention their caesar salads . they are huge and so good ! keep up the great work guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hey ... it 's a chain restaurant with good food . we had the campfire feast and split it among my wife and son and i . it was good food and good service ... what more could you ask for a meal at a reasonable price with the campfire deal . not sure why some expect 5 star experience from a chain restaurant , but this was good all the way around . we 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "affordable luxury ! our waitress ( jenny ) was among the best waitresses we have ever encountered . food was excellent as always . the manager worked his way around the restaurant to ensure everyone was well taken care of .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i gave it three stars because of the slow cook times , in spite of there being very few people initially . but ! the manager was very friendly ! our steak was excellent", "score": "3"}
{"review": "once again my order was screwed up . for the 2nd time the manager has to make a bigger deal out of than needed to be made . i wo n't be hot my back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "by far the worst black angus i have ever gone to ! after waiting like 15 minutes for our drinks , we placed our order which we waited another 45 minutes for i found a disgusting curly hair in my baked potato . i was so grossed out and mad at this point that i did n't even want to eat . what a disappointing experience , never coming back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we stopped in on friday for lunch . we sat down at 1:30 and did n't get our food till 2:15 . for a rare steak that was n't rare enough and for a chicken breast- thats too long . our waitress carlee was the bright spot of our lunch . do n't think we 'll be back which is too bad because this place used to be amazing", "score": "3"}
{"review": "every time we come here ( and there have been plenty over the years ) , the experience is great . the campfire feast is a good deal , made even better by the frequent coupons that show up in the mailbox . weird thing about this locator is that it 's directly next door to 2 other steak places now . still my best pick though , hands down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there with my daughter and i had a coupon for the free lobster with any steak . they were very accommodating . she ordered the steak and i got the lobster plus one of her sides . her steak was delicious as was my lobster and loaded baked potato . she did complain her side of onion rings was only 4 rings ... very small for a small side . anyway we both left full but wo n't be coming back because of the price . only tried it because of the coupon . we can get just as tasty steak at outback or texas roadhouse for a fraction of the price as b.a . i gave it 4 stars as the food and service was good but the price is way to high .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yuck ! made the mistake of going here on my birthday . the service was very very bad . had to ask for silverware and had to wait a long time to get our food . the inside was worn and outdated as well . the food was not worth the price . wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love black angus and this is the location in my neighborhood . anytime we go the place is nice and comfortable , good service , great food ... .a nice place to have dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think people over the years forgot how good this place is . being a native i know better , this place is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have n't been here in awhile . thought they were all gone . always a nice place to get a good steak . really enjoyed the coconut cream cake . nikki was a good server .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food but super slow service . took 1:25 for lunch today and i only get 1:00 for lunch ! eeeeeek !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "im only writing this review because the food was really not worth the price . even with a coupon for the campfire feast being 42 $ , i would have much rather spent the money elsewhere . there was absolutely nothing good about the meal besides the waitress and manager were nice . the food quality was on the same level as applebees . really bums me out that i went there to take my grandpa out for his 75 bday . my advise to anyone reading this is to go to captain bill 's down the road ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the beer prices are ridiculously high . cost is $ 7 for 25 oz draft beer ! ! i am a coupon keeper and had one for black angus . unfortunately i forgot it but tony ( our bartender server ) had some extras and we got the lunch `` special '' for $ 7.99 each . with a coupon discount food prices were comparable to other places ' prices . we wo n't eat here without a discount . hubby had french dip , that he said was good . when i asked him he said it was as good as where we usually eat . ( gallaghers ) i had chicken , avacado , & bacon sandwich that was pretty good too . we were looking for buzztime trivia ( as always ) and wanted somewhere different . we come here maybe once every 2-3 months .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they have large wrap around booths that can accommodate a lot of people . they have a wide and open space so it feels really spacious . our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable . he told us that the chef has been here for over 20 years , which tells me that the staff really enjoy working here . i tried the veggie salad which was amazing . on top of a bed of lettuce comes asparagus , goat cheese , grilled opinions , mushrooms and tomatoes . it was so nicely seasoned with a zesty dressing . they also have an excellent dessert list !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a nice change from some of the other steak houses . i enjoy the privacy booths immensely especially when i do n't want to here other people 's conversations . the steaks are good and not bad prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my spouse and i ate dinner here on a weeknight with a coupon that basically cut the price of our meal in half . we shared a combo appetizer platter and both had the prime rib . it was a typical `` steakhouse '' experience , not great food but not bad either . with the coupon our meal was definitely a good value , without it , probably not so much . i did n't notice any cleanliness issues in the bathroom or dining area as other reviewers have remarked . service was perfunctory , but that 's pretty much what you can expect at any chain store restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "seems like each time we go to this black angus it gets worse and worse . the service has always been slow but at our last visit it took 2 hours for dinner . the portions keep getting smaller and the staff is less than helpful . flagging someone down for drink refills and to pay our bill is unacceptable especially considering the cost of the dinner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i found 24 7 carpet & floor care on yelp . his ratings were high and i really like the idea of a family-run company . he had an opening and made a 5:00 appointment for that afternoon . he called on the way to give me a heads up . when he arrived he went straight to work . . . no chatter or time wasted . he worked non-stop until he finished . the carpet looked and smelled great . brian 's price was more than fair . when you 're looking for a reliable , honest , hard-working professional to clean your carpets , call brian . he 'll get the job done right the first time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "setting up my appointment was easy and brian responded to my messages quickly . appointment was scheduled for 10am but did n't show up till 10:15ish . carpets are super clean compared to what they looked like before but there 's damage to my paint on all corners of my stairwell . the price for cleaning was definitely reasonable compared to the other companies but wish the care quality was more up there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have had very few sub contractors in las vegas that have done an amazing job . 24 7 carpet & floor did an outstanding job ! carpets look great , even after they dried ! will use and recommend again and again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on time , friendly , conscientious , professional , great job , great price , used corner guards to protect walls ... .ca n't think of anything that could make it any better . you will not be disappointed using this family owned business . they will definitely be my `` go to '' carpet care company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a repeat customer . i have to say this company is great . i just had my carpet cleaned today and it looks amazing . the price quoted was exactly what i paid for , no hidden fees or hassles with that , something that i value in a company . i was very impressed with their punctuality , they are very flexible with your schedule . definitely sticking with this company for all my carpet and flooring needs . thank you so much for providing a great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had my carpets cleaned several times with brian . he is always on time , professional and courteous ! ! my carpets come out very clean and smelling great ! ! he takes his time and is n't like the others that are here for 15mins and stains come right back . i would and have referred him to anyone ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed to have my carpets cleaned and had a schedule with another carpet cleaning company . the day of the cleaning i moved all my chairs and stuff of my carpet and the company called and canceled on me the last minute so i found 24 7 on yelp , i did n't think i could get them to come out the last minute but to my surprise brian made time to have his son , eric come out and clean my carpets . they were both so very professional and very courteous . eric sprayed my carpets with the pet cleaner first and then cleaned my carpets and they turned out beautiful and smelling wonderful . i have found a new carpet cleaning company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brian does a great job and goes above and beyond what you 'd expect . i had some set in stains on my couches , from children 's juice boxes , food , markers etc . he was able to handle the couches as well as spot cleaning carpets and an ottoman . this was my second time using him and i will definitely again . affordable and professional . greatly appreciated !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly , & knowledgeable . fit me in to their schedule right away , worked around my time crunch . upfront with prices & very competitive pricing . very happy with results . carpets look great ! gave great tips for after care . definitely will use them again & i highly recommend 24 7 carpet & floor care to everyone ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did a terrific job . it is really nice to deal with a company that really takes pride in the job they do . i could n't be happier . my carpets are 20yrs old and look like new . no soap residue , no smell , no shading and very soft . mary lee m .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they fit me into their schedule on a high demand holiday weekend . forever thankful for their speedy response , courtesy , professionalism , and helpfulness . i totally recommend them to others and will be using them again when needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brian was awesome to work with ! i would definitely use him again and recommend him to anyone . he always returned my calls and texts right away , was super easy to schedule , gave me a great price and did a great job on my carpets ! i 'll be calling him again when my carpets need to be done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called at the last minute over the holidays . the appointment was very easy to schedule and the cost was quoted up front . 24 7 carpet & floor care was very professional and punctual . will definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just go if phone setting up appointment with loretta ... what a pleasure ! informational , kind and discount for first time customer and finding on yelp ! ca n't wait to see the amazing job they 'll do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used brian and his carpet cleaning for years ! he is just the best ! my co workers and my mom use him as well . super professional , affordable , and my carpets look brand new after he leaves . he is an all around great guy and super good at what he does ! i am moving to lake tahoe and will miss him and how he makes my carpets look ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast service ! from the minute i filled out an online quote request ( response within 15 minutes ) then service at our home the very next day ! brian was very professional and knowledgeable and our carpets looked amazing . we would and will recommend them to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely fantastic job at an amazingly affordable price . this place gave me the best quote of the few i had contacted . a family owned business , the father and son were extremely nice and professional . they did a great job with cleaning our carpet . very satisfied customer , will definitely use them again in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i scheduled a last-minute carpet cleaning for 5 rooms + 1 hallway with additional pet treatment , and they were able to come out the next day . everything was finished within an hour , and all floor stains were removed . i was shocked that the price that brian quoted over the phone was the exact price he charged . i was fully expecting to have to pay more as you normally do with other companies . i will call 24 7 carpet & floor care for all of my future carpet cleaning needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome service and results . my carpet was very dirty and even had bleach stains , they made the carpet look brand new again ! also , their prices are very reasonable with no up-selling like most carpet cleaning companies do . they were very flexible with my schedule and went out of their way to ensure quality service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy guacamole our carpet looks nearly brand new ! ! brian and his son done an amazing job on our carpet ! it 's plush and soft now really really clean and on top of that it smells really nice . they use wall guards to protect your walls . he is so respectful and genuinely a nice guy who cares about customer service and his work . his prices are ridiculously good and reasonable as well . i am definitely going to schedule him again to have our tiles cleaned too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing customer service ! ! very nice and professional . brian came out to clean my carpet and did an awesome job . do yourself a favor and give brian a call you will not regret it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a rush same day job and brian accommodated me . i would highly , highly recommend him . his prices were great and he does n't believe in `` up selling '' . it is refreshing to hire someone who is honest and bends over backwards to accommodate his customers . i hope he has continued success !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used this company ( brian ) on two of my other properties as i work in real estate and they are the real deal ; very professional , do great work and have a great price ! i will continue to keep using him and his crew for future projects .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had them clean two houses since we had to move out of a rental and into our new house we bought . the rental carpet and the new house carpet were both beyond gross ! i thought i would have to ask him to come twice but both places were cleaned exactly when i needed them to and they looked and smelled brand new ! ! ! i was beyond impressed . they were professional , quick and efficient . the price was unbeatable too ! i will be using them from now on and trust me they are who you need to call every single time ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": ". they came bcc 2 dyads it 's hard to believe , but this company made my 14 year old carpet much cleaner . it looks great . they returned 2 days later to do some spot cleaning . overall , this family owned business cleans the carpet without stinky chemicals , and they stand behind their work . i 'll call them again next year for another cleaning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really really love brian 's work ! i have used him about 8 times now and he is very good at getting marks and stains out of carpet . i am a real estate agent and have used him on some pretty tough carpet stains when getting a home a ready to show . he always comes through and is very reasonable too ! i highly recommend him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eggcited about their buttermilk pancakes ! ! the only thing i remember was their pancakes ! they 're butterlicous good ! ! the buttermilk pancakes are so rich in flavor , the whole thing 's practically butter , but its just so darn goooooood ! eggs and bacon were standard -- tastes like you can make 'em @ home . great customer service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the sunrise benedict , with turkey and avacodo and it was horrible . last time for me here . service was friendly however breakfast for 2 $ 35 is a bit over the edge for me . poor value for poor food but with good service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a must ! the best breakfast i have ever had . i ordered the lumberjack skillet and wow , you get everything you could want in a breakfast . the staff is very friendly and do their job very well . please go here if you want amazing breakfast for a reasonable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son and i come in every monday as our buddy breakfast , great staff , good food , and warm reception . only complaint is the parking situation but they ca n't control that with building .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i am going to let you in on a secret , sometimes ( meaning once a week ) i drop my kids off at school , ignore my other responsibilities for the morning and go to the good egg for breakfast . i always know what to expect , great service , great food and great prices . they have yet to let me down . ca n't wait for school to start again , so i can get back to playing hooky and hang out at the good egg .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! ! restaurant was clean , food was fresh , staff very friendly and knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the waitress ellen was awesome ! ! ! funny and thorough . she was a gem and she will be the reason why we return next time we visit the phoenix area along with the great skillets and piping hot food , freshly made ! ! ! thanks ellen for making our visit memorable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for 6+ years now . low turnover on the staff , which tells a lot about the management . you will see the same waiters and waitresses if you continue to go there . the food is always exceptional . i 've never had a reason to complain . it can get busy on a sunday morning with the church crowd , so expect to wait for a little bit . my favorite is the berry blintz ( crepes ) with no whip cream . amazing ! on busy days they offer free coffee outside with flavored creamers . definitely my favorite breakfast place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome breakfast ! fast service , great food and always smiling faces . my friends and i eat here all the time and we are never disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best breakfast in this area .i love they upgrade jams and real butter , best pancakes a bbc.cos d if you want healthy , the egg whites omelet is fantastic great coffee , great portion , family friendly", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ate here last thursday morning , and i enjoyed it . i was seated immediately , and after asking what i would like to drink , which was coffee and water , my drinks were promptly delivered . i ordered the macho nacho , and it was delicious . i will be back again to try other selections on the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we visit this location 3 to 4 times a month . love the food and the staff is fantastic . always friendly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the prices at this place are ridiculous . they charge $ 4.50 for 1 pancake and the quality is sub-standard , several tiers below grocery store pancake mix ; in the category of a failed home cooking experiment . even if i was a billionaire i could n't eat here as it would entail a contradiction ; you do n't get what you pay for , plain and simple . it 's a sad state when the supply and demand market equilibrium of the mesa restaurant economy allows this place to stay in business ; perhaps people in mesa , az have low culinary standards , but i think people should demand more for their money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this restaurant . the staff is always great . keith 's jokes are really funny ... .what kind of bear wo n't bite ? ... ..a gummy bear ! my grandmother girlfriends and i eat there at least once a week ( sometimes 2x ) . love this restaurant ! plus we can get the bacon as crispy or juicy as we want it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good ! the service was fast and efficient ! food was great . the traditional breakfast was on point and so was the berry amor pancakes . i like how fresh everything tasted . the crepes were good as well . definitely coming back again . more creamer though please ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service decent , food bleh . i ca n't figure out why my food tasted burnt , as it was n't burnt . i had the egg creps light , basically egg white omlette and it had zero flavor , will except for that burnt flavor . hubby had eggs and hash and said it was so so . $ 45.00 later and we were less than impressed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "can we say yum ! ! ! ! ! wow this place is now one of my top favorite breakfast places to go to ! food was amazing ! i had their biscuits and gravy , home style potatoes , 2 over medium eggs . everything was cooked to perfection ! ! ! keith was out server & he was great ! amazing personality . great recommendations on food ! ! ! i like how he left pitchers on the table so we did n't have to wait to have out drink refilled . i will be back ! ! ! this is by far my favorite breakfast place i 've ever been to ! ! ! ! ! they have inside and outside seating . i 'm trying trying to type more because yelp is stating that my post is average in length ; however , i really only needed to put that this place is a must go ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service , good food ! perfect for a pre-cardinals game breakfast !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always excellent food & service . i have gone there with friends for several years and its always busy . there is a waiter who i love because he is upbeat and makes the visit so pleasurable . the restaurant provides punch card individually so after 7 meals you get one free . it 's not just breakfast but lunch as well . i think they close st 2:30 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so the service was fast , and food was good , buuuuuuuuuuuuuuut , one of the poached eggs in my farmhouse benedict was overcooked . that 's my only complaint . other than that it was fine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food here is fantastic , affordable and the service is amazing . ellen is the best server !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "god , it was awful ! first , they sat me at a booth right in the sun , surrounded by booths with no such condition . i moved . i ordered the regular breakfast with a side of pancakes and an ice tea : $ 18.56 ! what ? and that 's no counting the tip . okay ... the waitress delayed my breakfast b c she said the eggs were n't cooked right . then , when she did bring it , my over-medium eggs were runnier than french soldiers . yuck ! she did get me more , which were cooked okay . three tries ! the potatoes were undercooked and no longer warm . the pancakes were good . the muffins were drive-by buttered . the service was okay ( way better than hertz ) . and they still make you pay at a registers . what century are we in ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there a few weeks ago and the place had the air conditioning blasting even though it was cool outside . kind of pricey for what my husband and i got especially when you consider i could have bought a pound of bacon for what they charge . decent food nothing to write home about.. courteous and good waitress though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best breakfast place around here , for sure . staff is always friendly and on to of their game . plenty of menu choices and the food is always great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the good egg ! been going for about ten years and this our new fav location . dependable deliciousness by friendly staff . yay !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , so i want to be clear that this review is only directed at this location ( val vista and baseline ) , as i 'm generally happy with the good egg in most respects . however , i have now eaten at this location twice and have found the food to be subpar and the service very poor . i ate there last weekend and first , it took forever for us to get coffee , which is pretty important on a sunday morning , and to make matters worse , they just barely filled our pot enough for two cups , so we were immediately asking for more . i had the hog wild skillet , which is something i 've ordered before and enjoyed . this time however , it was seriously cold , like weirdly so , and the potatoes were totally undercooked . to me , undercooked potatoes are pretty much the biggest food disappointment ever so nothing could save the meal", "score": "2"}
{"review": "enjoying our free anniversary breakfast ! love this place . our go to breakfast stop . up @ 5am so we decided to treat ourselves . not as busy as the weekend . one of our favorite breakfast spots .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think their food is nothing special . in fact , i 'd prefer ihop .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "solid breakfast no matter what you pick , ca n't go wrong and the coffee is always good - service efficient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time eating here and i absolutely loved it ! reasonably priced and portions are pretty large ! i , myself , ordered the sunrise benedict and was simply blown away with how delicious it was ! not only that , the hot tea they serve was amazing ! service was quick and servers are very friendly ! this place exceeded my expectations !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough good things about this company ! we 've tried several different cleaning services in an effort to find the perfect balance between price and service and these guys are by far the best ! they cost less than any other providers we 've tried , and do just as much , if not more . they always leave our house sparkling !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been a customer of grakei for a little more than a year and am consistently pleased with their service . i appreciate the fact that the same crew shows up each week , and that they are so professional . they 're even nice to my dog , which is important to me . scheduling changes are easily done by email and you should see them work ! i am usually gone when they come to clean , but on the occasions i 've been home , it 's amazing to see how efficient they are . reasonably priced , reliable and thorough- what more can you ask for ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the best experience with grakei ! someone called me right away after i made the appointment online to confirm and let me know what to expect from them . then on the day they came , i let them in , confirmed what rooms they were planning to do , and came home to a spotless apartment ! the whole place smells great too . i highly recommend them and will be using them in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went through their online process to book an initial cleaning - unfortunately you have to enter your credit card info to do this . no one ever responded to my scheduling request . not a single call or email . i received an automated email from the company weeks later saying i had a payment due - thankfully it said my invoice was $ 0 . i was irritated nonetheless so sent an email to complain about the process - no response . i just received my credit card bill and i was charged in full for the cleaning that never happened ! needless to say , this is incredibly unprofessional . i suppose they bank on people not checking their credit card statements ? there are other cleaning companies in the area . i would recommend trying anyone but this one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we hired this company to clean a house that we just bought and were going to be moving in to . we had never hired a cleaning company before , but were crunched for time and thought we 'd give it a try . the house was completely empty to make the move-in clean easier . when we arrived after they were done , i felt like we had just wasted over $ 200 . there were spider webs in every corner of the house still . it looked as though they had only swept , and vacuumed . the floors were full of dirt and the cupboards were not cleaned . we had tried to contact the company to voice our complaints and have not gotten through to anyone yet besides their voicemail . i would definitely not recommend using this company . ( this cleaning was purchased under my fiance 's name , not mine . )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible experience . they left in less than two hours and even though they had my phone number , they never called to tell me to lock the house . everything was done in a half-assed manner . window sills were half cleaned . floor was half cleaned . look at photos and decide for yourself if this is acceptable . when i called to complain they did come back but they charged me for two visits . after many calls to complain they agreed to charge for just one visit . even after two visits the job left a lot to be desired . i do n't know how to post photos but if you saw them you would not believe they were even here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i can not say enough about the exceptional work done by the grakei team . upon arriving home , i was impressed by not just the caliber of the work done , but the little extras that made me feel as though i had arrived at a well established spa retreat . their attention to detail is extremely gratifying to see .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been doing research for a service that did n't overcharge and still delivered great services . grakei ( specifically salli ) did a phenomenal job ! i just got home and keep finding pleasant surprises of things she did . she arrived on time , was cheerful , and really paid attention to detail . i will definitely be a repeat customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we used grakei twice and i did n't feel we received the services listed on their site . we did the detailed service package and many of the detailed services were n't performed . when i contacted the business they sent someone over as soon as they could , which was great , but again they missed some of the services listed . we tried one more time , but it was a similar experience so we decided to switch . the people working were very nice and helpful , but i paid extra to receive the detailed cleaning package and did not get those extra services . the basic cleaning package may be perfect for the weekly or biweekly cleanings , however .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "grakie maids did an awesome job . super friendly , knew what they were doing , best priced service i 've found . sometimes , people mistake being fast for not being thorough . this team was both fast and thorough-which i prefer . i will definitely book them again . i also love that you can schedule on-line with no initial visit required to give you a quote . so much more convenient ! great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hired them to do a deep cleaning of our condo to get it ready to go on the market . after having our adult son and his dog stay with us for over a month the place really needed it . they did a fantastic job at a reasonable rate and i will definitely be calling them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grakei maids , did a great job ! first time using their service from a move . they sent 3 maids cleaned the house from top to bottom . windows , blinds , carpets , you name it . priced well was only about $ 10 difference from the quote . which was fantastic ! they did arrive late , but they called asked if they could adjust the time . we were flexible , so not a problem . and really , if you are doing cleaning or any type of service business often you ca n't anticipate how much work may or may not go into a job from time to time . price was great , service was excellent . would highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we needed septic tank attention on a sunday . i found a-z septic on yelp and called the company because of the reviews and the website said they were available on sunday . abel ( the owner ) arrived within 2 hrs . of our call . he was efficient and informative to our problem , being tree roots . he fixed the problem . he returned 2 days later to improve our access to the septic system so the root treatment is easier to deal with . i highly recommend this professional and hard working owner operator . david s .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very pleased with a-z service and responsiveness . i called for a routine service and was scheduled right away on the day i requested . they acutally came a little earlier than scheduled but called before they came . able the service man was very polite and got the job done quickly . i felt i was charged a resonable and fair amount . i highly reccomend a-z septic service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called this company july 4 weekend naturally not working the holiday but answered phone and saturday , july 5 promptly in the morning pumped the septic tank . very efficient , courteous and informative . a single owner operator company which i 'd much rather patronize and large company with employees that you never know what you 're going to get . recommend them highly . jim", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a-z septic pumping showed up on time , did what they said they were going to do , for the price they quoted me . i could n't have been more pleased to have such a dirty job done well and for a reasonable cost . abel was courteous and efficient and helpful . i would highly recommend a-z septic pumping and abel to anyone needing septic service . you will be a satisfied customer , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a mess of a septic problem both in and out of the tank on my old house . a-z septic was extremely responsive , honest and reasonable on price . abel , owner and the person that worked on my septic personally was a class act who knew his stuff and was very personable , professional , ethical , and did the job right ! i recommend a-z septic for all your septic pumping , trenching and pipe work needs . thanks again abel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the last thing anyone wants to deal with is a septic issue , and finding someone that will give you both good service as well as an honest assessment is rare . though we were n't able to schedule them exactly when we wanted them ( they were extremely busy ) , i 'm so glad we waited and had abel come out . he was very thorough , walking me through the process , and charging me what i think is a very reasonable rate . i would recommend this company if you looking for quality work from a reputable company that is not putting it 's interests above those of its customers . i 'll definitely be using them for all of my future septic needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we used this company because they are local for our area . they were able to get us in quickly and their rates for septic pumping were competitive . i needed them to come back a couple of days later because something got clogged in the lines after our system was pumped . they came out the same day i called and took care of it in 15 minutes . i would use them again , but hope i do n't have to any time soon", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so glad i chose a - z septic pumping . first rate service and reasonable price . abel made an effort to get right over to my house . our septic had backed up into our house . abel quickly found the problem and told me how to avoid any future problems .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are n't many places to rent tuxedos in gastonia . i headed here to get fitted for a wedding in little rock . the whole process went pretty smoothly & quickly . it 's a pretty small store , considering you have to get fitted & wait a week or so to get your tux . they have displays & such , but not too much in the store . the whole fitting process only took about 20 minutes , & a lot of that was me trying on an entire tuxedo for length purposes . everything went smoothly here & the prices were pretty reasonable . while i had to use mw for this wedding , i 'd probably use it again in the future if i were to choose .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good place to get a tux for prom just be prepared to wait or try to shop during the week . the selection was good and the employees were friendly . they definitely need more employees on saturdays during prom season . once our turn finally arrived the employee was attentive and did not rush my son . when we went to pick up the tux we waited almost an hour for our turn . my son was sent to try on the tux and then promptly forgotten . the clerk starting helping the next person . so when my son needed help because an alteration was incorrect , they was no one free to help us so once again we waited for one of the employees to finish with their current customer . i understand trying to keep things moving but we had been waiting so long to have to wait again was irritating . once we got an employee 's attention we once again had great service . both employees were really friendly and did not get frustrated even though the store was packed . three stars because the employees kept smiling .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like bowl of heaven a lot . the consistency of their acai bowls is superb . the one i normally go to is across the street from school . i 'm not sure if they treat me better at that location than here because i go there a lot . but the point is service is not the same . the good thing about this location , i must say , is that they open early ( 7am ) ... but this is not my usual morning route so , it does n't really matter to me . my favorites include : sea sider , peanut butter , north shore , and sunset . whatever the choice may be , i like adding protein because i need it . the granola they use stays crunchy . you get points for being a regular customer . they have bars , dried fruit , and other health foods . i just wish the people that work here would smile more and at least pretend to be friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this location is very nice , clean , and friendly . they have wifi and charging stations at the tables . the menu offering is great . i find the similar dishes are better at acai to the t in summerlin . i would really like this location but they are more expensive for less product . the blending stations are extremely loud . if you visit a starbucks you will see that they have devices made to reduce the noise , and this location does not have them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "josh is amazing ! i 'm not sure if he 's the owner or just team member but he 's amazing ... and handsome too ! just left dentist next door over and i needed something cold and he made me this orange julius type drink ! so yumma and great service ! : ) thanks josh : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this new bowl of heaven . i started with a tangy ginger shot which instantly woke me up . the north shore acai bowi was a winner , better than the competitors . i could taste the honey ! i finished it off with a green glory drink . the owner suggested to add ginger and ice ... genius ! i ca n't wait to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the employees are very nice and accommodating . although , the prices are a bit too much for the amount you get . : i wanted to add peanut butter , but seriously. $ 1.50 to add it.. i got the pitaya . really good though !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best acai bowls in town . the maq 7 mix is a great add . everything is excellent and the store is designed really well - customer service also great . i 've had several of the bowls and smoothies all ready and each one hits the mark . go now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love bowl of heaven ! i 'm here at least once a week because i constantly crave acai ! i get the regular peanut butter bowl and it is more than enough to fill me . i love coming here because it is such a nice place and the workers are also really nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the name is perfectly fitting ! every delicious , decadent bowl & smoothie are pure heaven and almost unbelievable that something this good is good for you too ! the interior is fresh , clean & zen like ... my fave is the seasider ! ! but everything is totally delish ! the service is amazing too ... great way to start or end your day or a midday pick-me-up of deliciousness & kindness", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and i must say they have the best sorbets and the acai bowl was to die for . the owner ( i 'm assuming he was the owner ) was extremely nice and i mean i could n't believe how helpful he was . i will definitely keep coming back and would recommend for anyone looking for a delicious post gym snack .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the acai bowls are so yummy ! unfortunately , the girls that work here are not very friendly . i was not greeted or acknowledged when entering and the girl was very rude and sounded annoyed when i was ordering . i ordered the sea sider which was delish , but i think i 'll just go to a different boh location or acai to the t down the street .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we ordered sea sider , sunset and peanut butter ice cream . everything was so fresh and my kids really enjoyed each favors ! we will come back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best acai bowls ive had in a while ! fruit tastes really fresh & their sizes are a good amount for the price !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quality acai bowls , great atmosphere , great prices , and friendly staff . the manager josh was so welcoming . i am so happy that this place is only 5 mins away from my home : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great acai , however i have been here multiple times and the workers have been consistently rude . they seem annoyed to be there every time and do n't have a positive attitude . we went there today and the girls name tag said `` fireman '' and she had such a poor attitude it ruined the experience . the food is delicious but i think it 's worth it to go somewhere else and feel welcome .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was so disappointed ! i thought i was getting a bowl with fruit on top of the acai and there was only a few banana pieces and hardly any granola . i recommend the acai bowl at rachels kitchen a few doors down if you want the real deal . or the one in waikiki beach but that will cost you a plane fare .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very nice to have a new place in the neighborhood for blast or lunch . beautiful buildout , cool look clean vibe . it 's a nice healthy alternative . i wish them success and hope to see more open up in town . i do n't know why they have a talk show blasting on the stereo about recovery after loss of a love one ? hence 4 of 5 star ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so nice to have something not heavy and ( hopefully ) nutritious for lunch ! service was outstanding !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased a smoothie and a bowl . staff was friendly and the atmosphere was nice . the bowl was great but the smoothie was not edible so i tossed out . $ 16 is expensive for what i got .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as others have said , flawless . i drive there from anthem be cuz i never regret it . consistent quality ingredients . always spotless . extreme courtesy by everybody . by only beef is that they do n't have one across the street from my house . acai places can get no better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we found this place when our regular spot daily kitchen closed just down the street . we were in the mood for acai bowls . i chose the sea sider & my husband chose the red zinger . sea sider was good but had very little granola or fresh fruit . the red zinger tasted too much of ginger for me but over all both had a generous amount of acai smoothie blend . cute & clean location that offers wifi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this business literally runs like a well oiled machine . customer service was flawless to say the least . the products they serve are fresh and very good . on top of that the place is extremely clean . if you do n't check this place out you are making a mistake . as nike says `` just do it ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been going to anancy in ndg for several years . the good eats are curried goat , brown stewed chicken , sweet potato fries , cod fish fritters . the food at this restaurant has been very good , but lately its going down a bit especially in the evenings . in the evening the food tastes as if no one cared , or sort of hurried and not good , kind of thrown together . lunch is usually good , but supper can be very disappointing . long , long wait to be served even though the place is very small . the wait staff is lets say old county , they will get to you when they get to you and have to be nudged to get utensils , water or a drink . its an island thing i guess . anancy what happened to your food , it used to be so good ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i tried this restaurant back in 2010 . having already sampled jamaican cuisine at other restaurants , i thought i 'd try something different ; so i ordered the jerk pork . nice tender meat with a spicy flavor . delicious . nice cozy atmosphere and friendly staff helped making an enjoyable dining experience . the previous owner , mr. grant , has sold the restaurant back in 2013 . i 'm not sure how it 's faring under new management , though . i 'll have to see on my next visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered delivery and was told the choices since the site was down.my food came in 15 mins ! i thought my stew chicken was a little under seasoned and the festival chewy from the microwave.however it was good enough for me to devour.may try the curry next .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "c'\u00e9tait la premi\u00e8re fois que je goutais \u00e0 la cuisine jamaicaine , j'ai gout\u00e9 au plat national de la jama\u00eeque le ackee et morue et j'ai bien aim\u00e9 . c'est un restaurant assez simple avec un d\u00e9cor sans pr\u00e9tention je dois dire que le service est un peu lent . it was my first taste of jama\u00efcain food , and i like it \u00e0 lot . i taste the ackee and salt fish ( the national jamaican dish ) and i like it . expect an unpretentious restaurant because the decor is pretty simple and the service is a bit slow .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would not recommend this restaurant to anybody unless you like getting the stomach pump in the hospital and the shits for a week first time and last time i went to that hole i had the curry goat with rice lunch special their were more bones and fat then meat in the dish . then the meat was very dry and very oily and the rice had a fishy aftertaste and the vegetables were semi frozen in the sauce . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "personally i enjoy trying new and exciting cuisine . so i figured i 'd try the beef bulgogi burger , expecting the chopped up bits like any american style shredded beef brisket . but what i received was a meatloaf style formed patty full of onions , with no other flavors , covered with lettuce , tomato , pickles and basically half of an onion after already being overwhelmed by the onion packed loaf . i hardly smelled anything but my friend and sister were not pleased haha . said the restaurant should have named the dish hot onion garbage because that 's pretty much what i got . not to mention nine dollars wasted .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow it was really really really bad do not waste your money or time wow never had such bad food ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was beyond excited to see a fast food korean eatery inside a mall food court . i 've always been a bigger fan of korean bbq in comparison to japanese teriyaki when it comes to casual fast food dining . sadly , this place charged an arm and a leg for basically 4 pieces of beef bulgogi . they lay out their salad underneath the meat so they can increase their profit margin . i understand it 's a tough business and they 're in paradise valley , but i can not see myself coming back as a customer when i feel cheated on my meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really enjoy their boba milk tea drinks ! sooo goood ! ! ! ! for all you boba lovers ! this is a place to go ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to really like the place despite the fact that i 've had to wait several times for someone to come to the register . but today has taken the cake . i walk up , the cashier is turned around not paying attention as usual . when he turns around his mouth is full of food . now this would n't normally bother me as i understand people get hungry . but he sits down and starts talking with his mouth full . i 'm beyond disgusted . ruined my appetite .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "over prices compared to portion delivered . no drink with combos . made the meal very pricey for one person . ordered fried rice with boneless short ribs . it became over cooked beef with white rice disguised as fried rice . they put some kind of beef juice in it to make it look like fried rice . this place is to costly . the wait time was over 10 min .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "delicious came out fast ! ! the kimchi was spicy the way i like it . my ramyun was delicious . i got it with egg . i recommend spicy . i loved it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aesthetically it 's not very pleasing its in the mall in the food court the storefront and the decor looked unplanned the counter was crowded and was not very organized . prices are kinda high and as mentioned before you do n't get a drink with your combo which increase the cost . is definitely in the class of fast food the kimchi was fresh but the beef bulgogi was a bit salty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fast food korean ? not on a monday night at 7 pm . took 17 minutes for bbq chicken , rice and a bowl of top ramen . oh and i was their only customer . save your money and time . chicken portion was too small for the $ 11 platter .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service is terrible . we just got yelled at by a guy who works there because he said we ordered the wrong thing . never going back . the food was n't that great either . the rice was crunchy . not worth the money or hassle .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "located right next to place des arts metro station , it is a small asian bistro which has a really unique menu . of course , it offers the typical asian drinks like bubble tea , but the dishes are really a fusion of different countries cuisine and the gourmets are as delicious as aesthetic , since the plating is always extraordinary . i loved the braised pork bun on a piggy bowl and the matcha crumble with earl grey ice-cream , other choices on the menu sound very tempting too . can not wait to come back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heard that this place was a taiwanese fusion , so i went and tried the place ! as i walked in , it was a very welcoming place , relaxing and adorable . it 's a small place , so do n't bring too many people with you ! the menu is growing ! the food is well done and very tasty . the price is fair and the drinks are better than chatime 's for sure ! it 's a cute place to have a cute meal and you cab even study here ! they 've just expanded their menu ! also , you can ask for some hidden orders ; ) p.s . this is an update done 4 months after it was 1st written , still 5 stars and even better ! getting better and better ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quiet bubble tea place on president-kennedy street . hot bubble tea is served in bowl mugs with frothy milk on top . tapioca pearls are only $ 0.50 extra . we asked for sugar on the side so we could adjust to taste ourselves . i ordered the taiwanese sausages and they were quite filling , affordable and very satisfying . taiwanese sausages tend to be garlicky and slightly sweet tasting and when paired with scallions , spicy mayo , slivers of nori , paper thin radish slices and popped rice bits , it took satisfying to another level ! this is a great afternoon snack if you 're looking for something savoury . the staff is very pleasant and courteous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they just opened recently so everything is not set and stable yet but you wo n't be disappointed by their food ! i 've tried their egg benedict and croissant on their pre-opening and it was actually really good . i love how they put their time in presenting it . i have also tried their yogurt green tea and i love it ! since the staffs just started they lack a bit of skills in service but they are really nice and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "newly discovered this humble place in my neighborhood . i only have kind things to say about this restaurant . the staff is very polite , the food tasted as good as it looked , the desert was on point . i 'm not a huge fan of deserts but those ones were perfectly not too sweet . apparently it gets busy during school year , but since most university students are away during summer we were lucky the place was n't bombarded with clients . walking distance from my place , so i plan on visiting again very soon to try the rest of the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loove this place ! i will definitely come back for their taiwanese sausage , the taste is authentic and you know that a lot attention was given to the presentation ( braid-like layered presentation just for a sausage ! ) definitely try their braised pork rice bowl ! it is delicious and i loved the runny egg on top ! their miso pasta is also great ! owner is really chill , and even offered us some green tea yogurt because of a little delay . also lovely decor and happy jazz music to put you in a better mood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great restaurant with very cute decor . came in for lunch on a weekday and got the braised pork rice and a yogurt green tea with bubbles in it . presentation of the food was superb , and it tasted as good as it looked . the runny sous-vide egg and pork floss combined with the braised pork gave the rice so much flavour ! i had also never had yogurt green tea before , and i 'd have to say that it was a great surprise ! did n't know how much i would like the sweet , creamy taste of yogurt combined with the slight bitterness of green tea . overall , i would definitely come again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their foods are really healthy , they stay away from fried stuff . most of the stuff are steam , boiled , bake and at the most pan-fried ( dumplings ) . food quality is okay , since it 's healthy , you ca n't expect much on the flavour side . what 's healthy is really hard to be tasty . it 's just standard rules . drink wise , we ordered their fancy lemonade . galaxy lemonade ... pretty.. but that 's it . overall is good . you should give them a try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "oh . my . god . this place is amazing . i really really really love their drinks . i tried the earl grey tea latte , and i love strong earl grey flavor ! ! i also had the brown sugar milk tea , which is really good too , and i appreciate that their drinks are n't too sweet . my favorite drink though is the yogurt green tea drink - it tastes like a combination of the yakult yogurt drink and green tea , and it 's super refreshing and delicious ! ! ! food wise , i tried their brown butter miso pasta , which is super tasty ! presentation is beautiful ( for all you instagrammers ) , and the flavors blend together so well . you can tell the chefs put a lot of thought and effort behind their dishes . the service is super friendly , and prices are reasonable . everything on their menu looks so good - i ca n't wait to come back to try their brunch and desserts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hidden gem asian fusion taiwanese place near mcgill ! the day we went they had a special sushi kimbap dish with pork belly and kimchi . it was so good . pork belly + kimchi + rice combination ca n't go wrong for me . i hope they add it to their permanent menu . for a main meal , i had the butternut squash pasta . it was soooo creamy ! i 've never had anything like it at other places and the candied bacon is a good compliment to the creaminess . my friend had the pork floss rice bowl minus the poached egg . i 've had it last time i visited and it was really good too , but nothing will beat the butternut squash pasta . the only complaint i have is that the portions are not that big compared to other places , but the uniqueness of the dishes honestly make up for it . 9.5 10 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was phenomenal ! we got the eggs benedict and the croissant sandwich and truly enjoyed them both . we also had the grey trio desert and it was sublime . the wait staff was extremely friendly and i look forward to coming back the next time i 'm in montreal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was amazed by the butternut squash carbonara ! not to mention how pretty it looked , but also delicious flavour ! the ingredients were healthy and the portion was good as well . salmon croissant has scrambled egg and bacon inside , also tasted good but i would definitely recommend more on the pasta . friendly staff , quiet dinning area and beautifully presented food ! do n't forget to try the signature lemonade , it looked too cute for me to drink it ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service is great . as a tea room i would give them higher rating , but for food only , i say no more than 3 . the food looks beautiful on paper ( menu ) , looks delicious in those photos , but the taste is disappointing in mouth . why ? i think its because they focus on the look . trying to make tea shop quickies into `` fusion '' cuisine but first of all fusion never works and second it 's still tea shop food no matter what . let 's look at the taiwanese sausage . store bought ones obviously , slice them up , put some pointless dressing on top , put it on one side of a dish , look nice . tastes like its cooked in t & t . pork rice . tiny bit of minced pork and pork floss , over an ocean of soggy white rice . eww . pasta in fusion sauce , does not work . it 's all about presentation , presentation , presentation . but sorry to break the truth , it is boring as hell .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their miso butter pasta and tea lattes are seriously amazing . in fact , tea lattes are my new favourite summer drink because of this place . i love that the teas are all homemade and taste really fresh because it 's not just a flavoured-powder like what is used in some other places . also their staff is very attentive and they will even do a demonstration if you get the unicorn tea drink ( ca n't remember the correct name ) . i will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when you want to sooth your taiwanses asian stomach but you are on a budget . i had braised pork with rice - huge portion ! taste was satisfying ! reasonable and affordable price ( students friendly ! ) very simple and low-budget interior design if you do n't mind . ideal place for students to study or hang out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed the attentive service at le majesthe . the server explained the whole menu to us when we were seated and recommended a few dishes . they are trying to fusion italian with taiwanese which is interesting . i had a chicken spaghetti with tomato sauce and poached egg . i love poach egg on anything . i enjoyed the spaghetti which had a slightly sweet flavour to it . portions are on the small side but the prices are not too steep . the bubble tea is served in mason jars which is always fun . they have a good collection of teas which you can have with jelly or bubbles .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty good spot for a brunch . you can have eggs benedict or some egg croissant with some asian touch middle of the day if desired . it 's a very small but cute place . i tried the eggs benedict and it was light and tasty but i would n't call it outstanding . they also have some iced tea creations that are pretty yummy . worth a visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . food is excellent and teas are very good too . come here if you want a relaxing and enjoyable meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "relatively new place . staff is incredibly helpful . the braised pork is one of the more interesting things i 've had , and the lattes are delicious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was only okay , plated nicely but taste was mediocre ( mostly just carbs like rice and pasta ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for some tea located a block within the condo we were staying in while visiting montreal . the teas are served cold and were delicious ! i 'm glad we stumbled upon this place . i really enjoyed their tea . the owner also was very friendly . he did everything from making the tea , serving , cleaning.. that 's pretty awesome . he explained all the ingredients that were in each item . then at the end he gave us a sample of hot tea he is planning on putting out in the cold winter . also very tasty !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there today for brunch . i had the salmon croissant and it was delicious . service was very nice and quick . i would definitely go there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tea is one of my absolute favorite things in life ! so , when i happened upon le majesthe while visiting montreal for the first time , i had to try it . i had already eaten , so i have n't tried the food . however , there is a pork belly bao dish that i want to try in the future . the drink i decided to order was the oolong latte with boba served warm . it was delicious ! they give you options of how much sugar you would like in the beverage from no sugar to high . i will definitely revisit before i leave montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the ham croissant , egg benedict , green tea lemonade and earl grey latte . everything was great . like the earl grey latte a lot ! ! the size of the drink is also quite generous !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a find ! stopped in for a late lunch had the special pork bun . unlike any pork bun i have had - truly delicious and memorable . they have managed successfully to fuse asian with american style food . ultimate freshness and quality at an amazing price , truly i would have paid double for the pork bun . my friend had the crispy salmon salad which was cooked to perfection sitting on a swish of pur\u00e9ed beet which tasted fresher than fresh . the chef has to be applauded for his her plating and whimsical presentation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "family owned establishment . super attentive service , central location . ordered quinoa salad which was great , but small portions for the price . i enjoyed traditional taiwanese bubble tea .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "( ) everything on their menu are just awesome~from the wonderful dish decoration to the food quality , and especially with their lovely price , it 's definitely worth it for a 5 stars i 've lived in montreal for 10 years ... i 've never found any place with food that 's sooooo delicious like this . their fusion between taiwanese and western food are just perfect . i 'm sure every asian or western people will like it . and honestly , their dishes decoration are magnificents , they definitely have a level comparative to michelin standard . every single dish looks like an artwork . and the taste is just great . i 'm actually impressed when i first tried their food . it was way higher than what i expected . and this is why i keep going back to their place . u wo n't find any reason to dislike this place~favorite place ever~~", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the most delicious food we 've had in montreal ! everything from the croissants to the dessert was yummy . the owner is the nicest guy and truly cares about his customers . the decor is also very clean and modern . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "taiwanese fusion food here and everything we ordered was so good ! this was our first stop after driving in montreal and it was perfect because it was located just a few blocks from our hotel . we started with the dumpling app , which is n't a dumpling at all but a traditional taiwanese glutinous dish and it was very good . i really enjoyed my minced pork rice dish and everyone else enjoyed theirs as well . we also got to sample their green tea lemonade and oolong milk tea , which were both very good . we all enjoyed our drinks of wintermelon tea lemonade and earl grey milk tea . we wanted to come back to get tea another day but never got the chance to because it was closed for an event .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "is this place a joke ? our server went on and on about how everything is made from scratch . my $ 18 pizza was the size of 1 regular slice of pizza . again , the server said `` it 's all made from scratch . it 's not dominoes '' . i 've had many great made from scratch pizzas that did n't cost $ 18 slice . this one must have been made from gold . it tasted like digiorno pizza . all i could do was laugh . i thought i was being pranked . it 's also only open 2 days a week ? this has to be a front for something . there 's only room for 6 people in the dining room and i ca n't imagine anyone going there twice unless they want to show their friends how weird this place is .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here to have a late dinner with my girlfriend , really nice looking spot with a very charming little bar . family owned i 'm assuming and and bartender was as nice as she was slow . our appetizer came out before our drinks , odd . if you are looking for a value do not go here ! ! ! 8 oz of frozen cavatelli $ 20- again everybody was very nice but it is so so so slow in here , just terrible . i would not go here again and i would n't recommend anyone else does- also the cook was walking around the dining room in a sleeveless shirt ( think that he was the owner ) either way that 's gross- get it together tony-", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place and do n't get here enough . if you 're looking for a high value meal , tony 's is not for you . it 's great for cocktails and its low key ambiance . it 's family owned and they are super sweet . i wo n't lie that service is not rapid so please do n't come with the idea that you 'll have dinner in an hour and be gone . you must come to relax with someone who makes good conversation , enjoys a strong and delicious cocktail , and has a pocket full of cash . sorry , no credit cards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "somehow i always manage to stretch my birthday into a three-week event ... .. tony 's southside was my absolute favorite of all my birthday dinners this year ! we ended up getting a couple cocktails , meatball appetizer , three pizzas ( my favorite was the prosciutto and hot peppers ) , a beer , glass of wine , dessert and one cup of coffee . the bill was almost $ 100 . although i was n't the one footing the bill that evening , i can honestly say that this place is worth it ! the ambience and the homey-friendliness of the husband wife sister running the place was incredible and the food was so great . they use a sunday-style meat sauce rather than pizza sauce which has so much depth and pairs perfectly with the sweetness in their pizza dough . i am drooling remembering it . keep in mind , their pizza is not meant to be scarfed down but savored and appreciated ; there is so much flavor and texture going on . i ca n't wait to go back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stumbled upon this place by a recommendation from a bar goer next to our party . from the outside , it does n't look like very much , but inside its very nicely appointed . interior is very classy with dark wood paneling , piano , and mood lighting . there are a few tables but are placed very closely together , it 's a bit small inside but that should n't deter you from this place . the cocktails are seasonal and from what i 've tried they were all very good . reasonably priced and packed with complex flavors and booze . i do n't remember the name of the drink that i ordered but i can assure you it was very delicious ! i also tried my friend 's drinks and they were equally as good ! while we were there , we also tried their lamb meat balls and pizza . the meat balls were very good and so was the pizza but the sizes are on the small size for the price . very happy to come to know about this place . will add it to my rotation of cocktail spots !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a little hidden gem . very cute and cozy , for all the right reasons . food was authentic ... definitely get the spanakopita and the cocktails are made fresh . our waitress bartender was a bit frazzled but cute all the same .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the rating for 5 stars is solely off the food alone ! it 's that good ! the chef definitely knows what he 's doing . kudos because you have my loyalty at this point . the most delicious lamb and couscous dish hands down , appetizers and drinks to die for and dessert menu is very fun and beautiful to look at . i can tell whoever is in the kitchen really enjoys food which i appreciate because i do too . service is meh . very relaxed maybe even borderline unprofessional but you ca n't expect great service from a union establishment . restaurant decor is dated but i 'm not that shallow . i 'm there for the food . when i went there there , almost everything i wanted from the wine list they did n't have . but a lovely view to have when you do end up getting a drink . i would consider this a hidden gem in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought the dinner was really good ! good beer selection and the waiter was on it and friendly . we had the sea bass and lamb chops plus a side of french onion soup . plenty of food and delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the 3 best steakhouses in the city . but the view beats them all ! we 've eaten here about 5 times now , and only had one problem ... eating everything . good portion sizes , and the smells from other tables made me wonder what i 'd missed ! our waiter was excellent , and they are very personable , with great stories to tell about the city . he made use laugh out loud three times ! it is a bit of a wait for the tremendous food , though . but last time we got the tomahawk which probably took 30 minutes to prepare . the drinks were also excellent ! although it 's a bit pricy , it 's inline with other restaurants that do n't have a view of this magnitude . well done , rio !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , good food , nice views - especially from the patio deck , strong drinks . what more could you ask for ? the lighting is romantic , the service was very good , the food was certainly good . not an extensive menu and maybe a little overpriced , but all in all i would go again . if you show up early , do the zip line with the local discount , it 's a fun 2 minutes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great view from almost every table . the service was attentive . drinks were relatively strong , but were expensive . they did seem to have a fair few decent wine-by-the-glass values . i had a solid australian shiraz for $ 13.00 . the french onion soup was very average . i was actually a little disappointed in it , as it is my favorite soup . however , my friend had the lobster bisque and it was excellent . get it . i had a new york strip from the standard side of the menu . it was $ 46.00 with rewards card discount . the cut was really good and thick . i ordered it medium-rare , but it was almost medium . the flavor and tenderness were average . for vegas , a steak dinner will set you back and , in some cases , rip you off . i felt the voodoo was just right for the price . above average view , with average prices and decent steaks . make reservations .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a sandwich from here . i was not sure what to order , but my friend suggested that i try the chicken with cheese . i was expecting something like sliced meat , but it twas a thick , juicy piece of chicken with cheese and and veggies . i really enjoyed it , and they also included a mini anti-pasta salad and bread pudding . i dont know if is how they normally do it , or if it was because i was with my friend , who is a regular . either way , i was happy regardless . the prices may be high , but the sandwiches are very filling . i had half for lunch and the other half for dinner it breaks my heart that when i pass by , few cars are there . it is located in the small plaza just underneath carmine 's on the hill . there is n't alot of businesses that are open at that plaza ... .bummer ... i hope you give it a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is closed ! the pasta shop took over the location , which is a huge upgrade .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst place for wedding cakes . they are over priced for what you get . they tell you that their cakes will feed the number of guests that you have but what they do n't tell you is that the size of the piece they suggest per guest is 1 '' x 1 '' which is ridiculous . the cake was also bland and could n't even taste the strawberries that were supposed to have been in our cake . you are better off getting a slab of cake from costco and saving a ton of money than buying your wedding cake from this place . worst cake shop ever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here because the ruelo bakery was n't open yet . it was my birthday so i bought a chocolate white chocolate mini cake which was so creamy and delicious . i also bought 2 macarons ( i thought you had to go to nyc to get them ) . the lavender-so divine ! i have n't tried the raspberry chocolate yet ... but it will be gone before midnight ; ) btw only accepts cash , no debit", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the birthday cake that we got was alright ... but the cake was ruined by the questionable penmanship ... do n't think i would ever come back again for a birthday cake . ruelo from the same plaza does a much better job with birthday cakes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we ordered our wedding cake and one for our baby celebration . designs for both cakes are not the same as we ordered . we made special requested on the cake designs and was promised to fulfill our request . however , it turned out different from what they promised . felt so disappointed ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "delicious cakes and treats . everything we 've tried is great . we ordered a custom cake for a very special event and were overwhelmed with the end result . highly recommend them for any custom cake order !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been coming here ever since a family friend had her wedding cake from here a few years back . the individual cakes are always a great treat full of real fruit and nuts and not smothered with overly heavy or sweet cream . rose cookies are really great too , the scent and flavour of rose is perfect with a hot drink .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food : 1 5 their macaroons are not real . they are hollow inside . location : 3 5. free parking . near central street but car dependant . price : 2 5 . $ $ $ such macaroons should cost .50c not $ 2 will not be back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i found the macarons here are a-ok ! especially they are sizable and cost only $ 1.80 . green tea lavender salted carmel pistachio all has this crusty outershell and great filling . not overly sweet . good option if ruelo is closed next door , at least louis xiv has opening hour posted ! the choice of pastry was lacking though..maybe it was a monday night ? most of the pastries are $ 4.25 each , maybe i would try some next time ! special thanks to my friend for giving me the gift certificate . i still could not get over why louis xiv uses this ugly brown bag to put their macarons in ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was misled about the purpose of the `` workshop . '' choice center worldwide is a cult whereby it 's members are required to sign up other members at $ 2697 per person in order to stay active and complete the course . they pray on people 's weaknesses and manipulate them through cult practices . i wish i would have been savvy enough to do my due diligence in online investigation before signing up because now i have found all sorts of information about their scam and cultish practices . i too , would give negative stars if i could because they lied to me about it 's purpose . if i needed therapy i would have gotten a therapist not entered a cult for group therapy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a complete waste of money . they prowl on poor vulnerable people that are desperate to make changes in their life but once they have your money you do n't hear from them again unless you fit there creeper vegas mold . would give them negative stars if i could .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these people promise you the world , take ( a lot of ) your money , & give you a few shots of pop psychology , nothing more . they have no credentials , but they 're just so sure they can help , just as soon as you fork over a few grand . one thing they do very well is brainwash people into doing their bidding , so no doubt this thread will soon be full of zombies raving about how great they are .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "recently went through their program ... it 's nothing but about sales , enrolling new people into the program . the guidelines are vague , and moved regularly to keep it obscure . people are opted out , which is a fancy way to say kicked out , and there is an underlying current of very low integrity in a place that preaches integrity . transformation is great but not the way robyn the owner runs it . i do not recommend it when there are so many other places with better programs . i just looked into them too late ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not fall for this . choice center makes its members call their friends and literally beg them to join . my best friend called me and gave me this whole speech on how i 'll be the person i 've always wanted to be , etc . it seemed interesting until he mentioned the price of almost $ 3000 ! now that i think about it , he did n't even sound like my friend , just some kind of salesman . my other friends were too gullible to see through it and i feel like they judge me for not wanting to do it . you do n't need to pay an exorbitant amount of money for something that claims it will change your life , you should be making those changes yourself .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am going to be completely honest here . initially i was skeptical about the workshop and i thought that the tuition was probably overpriced . on top of that , i could n't imagine my life getting any better than it already was . i also did n't like the idea of people trying to talk me into enrolling in something . by the time both of my sisters finished the workshop , they no longer had to try to talk me into doing the same . their ways of being spoke for them . i could see amazing changes in my already wonderful sisters ; they became even more confident , motivated , and loving . that is what encouraged me to enroll . and i am glad i did ! i am about to start the third part of the workshop ( leadership ) and i am so excited . i have already benefited so much and there is still more to go . the tuition really is a small price to pay to invest in yourself and your life and become even more awesome than you already are .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a sophisticated professional businessman who has employed over 1,000 individuals over the course of my career . i have attended choice centers discovery , breakthrough , and leadership programs . i currently have all my employees enrolled in the program and would have required everyone who has worked for me to attend . this is a solid product that produces results . there is nothing wrong with recommending a product that you have found beneficial in your life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "previous user could have maybe been a little more responsible in follow up . i thought i had it all figured out when i first enrolled ... here i am now with the impossible goals and results .. more than possible ! in 100 days i opened my business , got down to a healthy lifestyle , raised over 115k for habitat for humanity . i cleared all the self limiting beliefs i had growing up way off and am on fire about my kids and life . coraleah might want to follow up with anything you invest in . just saying lv131 baby ! ! ! boom !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am lv128 from the university and all i can say is this has changed my life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took the courses here almost 10 years ago at the urging of a boss . i 've not been involved in the courses for probably 6 years . yet , i still rely upon many of the learnings and experiences to this day . it 's by far one of the best things i 've ever done . it 's not easy , it takes work , and can challenging -- which is not a bad thing . i excelled in a career during the course of the workshops and thereafter , only to become bored with it . using many of the tools learned at choice i ventured out , started my own business 6 years ago . it would not be at the level it 's at now without my time in the leadership courses there . i would highly suggest to anyone serious about taking control of their life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "choice center offers a great tool for helping answer big questions in one 's life . how can i be the best me ? what is keeping me from achieving my big - and small goals ? why do n't i have deeper relationships ? what do i want my legacy to be ? i never really answered those questions- and they were bothering me . the fabulous facilitators who lead the program , the combination of group and individual exercises and coaching , and the intensity of the time spent in the discovery and breakthrough weekends challenged me , and yet gave me the ability to answer those questions . i became an even more energized and happier me . i did this program with my husband and he also realized great individual growth . the added benefit of us having a common experience brought us even closer together . i have recommended this program to my close friends because i think it can bring out what 's buried inside , just waiting to come out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i first stepped foot into the training rooms at choicecenter , i never would have imagined just how impactful these trainings would be . it completely changed the trajectory of my life to be empowered and create the life i want . my dream job , deep authentic connections with my friends and family and the opportunity to make a difference in the world . i am forever grateful for the learning choicecenter has given me and i will continue to come back to to grow and expand again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tonight , the most important man in my life graduates from his first course of the emotional intelligence leadership program . watching your transformation in just these past three days brings tears of joy to my eyes dad . you have discovered your confidence , you power and your self worth . i see your happiness beaming through dad and i could n't be more proud of you . i love you . # lv146 # love # family # joy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "choicecenter has given me the tools to be a leader and for that i will be forever grateful . i leaned about myself , gained confidence to go after dreams i had put on the back burner , open my heart to those around me , how to have deeper connections with my friends and family , and it taught me the power of clear intention . i also had an opportunity to be volunteer in many community service projects that i have continued to support although i finished the training close to 3 years ago . thank you choicecenter for the impact you have made in my life and my family 's life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a graduate of choice center and initially i was extremely hesitant to attend . from the moment my mom introduced me to the course , it took me over a year to walk through the doors and i wish that i would have done it sooner . my experience of this place is one of complete transformation . i entered the building angry , frustrated and defeated . the course allowed me to address my deep rooted beliefs that held me back in my life and my relationships and i am so thankful to have had this experience . i now have joy that i have n't had in years . i have built meaningful , authentic , loving relationships that thought were unattainable . my life is forever changed and i am so grateful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people who are rating choice center 1 and 2 stars has no idea what the workshop is all about . they either signed up and did n't go or thought that they are pressure into take the class . i rate 5 stars for the personal development workshop as it is the best thing that i have ever done in my life . i have completed discovery and breakthrough and it was powerful and ground breaking . the trainers are awesome and the coaches volunteers ( previous students ) their time to help mentor new students . because they believed in the program and have rewarding outcome from their experiences they want to give back and help transform student 's life . they are so loving , caring , and selfless . i could not thank choice center enough . this has been an amazing experience . i will start leadership legacy in a couple of days and i ca n't wait to get started .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once in a lifetime , life-changing experience ! ! ! should be required education ! useful to help anyone , no matter how successful , take their life to the next level !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do your research and do not engage with a large group awareness training . this center is based on lifespring methods and is nothing more than a pyramid scheme that makes people valuable to keep paying them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was given the gift of this training by my best friend business partner whom asked me to trust him and i am so grateful that i did . this has opened my heart up to being an inspiration and truly dedicating my life to having meaningful relationships . this also allows me to see how i have been limiting myself through my language , my actions and my past . discovering what is truly important to all of my friends , family and even strangers though meaningful conversations . simply asking your loved ones , what is most important to them defining , goals and getting clear on the vision that supports and makes our goals valuable . and how i can support them in creating a community that supports their vision . one that holds each other to our highest standard . living through integrity . after this training i have a new found dedication to my community and family , i am an inspiration to the inspired and i truly love the people whom have dedicated their lives to this work , creating a transformed world through responsibility and love .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "choice center has begun a transformation for myself and all of those around me . i am learning to truly live with purpose and have the tools necessary to achieve anything i dream and envision for myself . i would do anything i can to help others experience this amazing leadership eq class ! everyone i recommend has the same positive experience . do yourself a favor and get involved with choice center and the amazing classes they offer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my choice center experience has been a real joy . i have been able to apply the strategies to my business , my personal life , my relationships , and my family . this is a great program especially for people whose life is already working in order to take their life to the next level .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my life is forever transformed ! i now live in a world of infinite possibilities ! ! ! i took the personal development july 10th 2014 , i did n't know what was possible when i went , but what i have created for myself with the tools i gained has forever changed my life . i found my purpose in life , and finally feel like i 'm really alive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the experience i had have at choice has been amazing . the emotional intelligence course has opened up my eyes in a better perspective on how i approach things in life . this program is something that you only receive maximum value if you put maximum effort . so , it ; s possible for someone to go thru the program very unwilling , hoping that the program would fix them . there 's also the possibility that a person that go in open-minded and have desire to make their life better in however many ways they choose to . the age range inside goes from 18-70+ , with all different kinds of people and professions . the results i have been able to achieve are : -re-establishing enhancing 4 relationships in my life . my brother , 2 of my closest friends , and my cousin -create an extra $ 1,000 a month in income", "score": "5"}
{"review": "choice 's emotional intelligence training has been an incredible experience for me . one day , i get a call from one of my best friends that i 've known for the last twenty years . she tells me about her experience . i 'm living in venezuela at the moment , and some how she gets me to travel over an ocean to be here . a course that originally was going to be three weeks for me has turned into a 100+ day journey where i 've truly seen the potential and opportunities that have always been in my life . i also have a new family now , and the connections i 've made are just undescribable . there 's nothing i would n't do for them and nothing they would n't for me . they 've taken me in knowing i 'm not from here , given me a home , lent me a car , and so much more . i 'm thankful for every single one of them and the ripples they have made in my life .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "choice center gave me the tools to be the best me i can be each and every day . hands down best experience i have ever gone through and gained the best support system out there ! if it 's to be its up to me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough great things about choicecenter . i went through the core emotional intelligence curriculum about 3 years ago and it was the single most impactful thing that i have done in my life . i completely redesigned my life in the leadership program , setting myself on the path to creating a life that i love . before choicecenter , i was working as an attorney and was not very excited about my career . through the work i have done there , i now have a career i love - owning my own marketing agency and having a partnership interest in 4 other companies . i wake up excited every day and am surrounded by people who have a shared vision and purpose in life . i continue to take courses there often because i love continuing to learn and grow !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "choice center staff and service is definitely a blessing to all who goes through the program . i definitely got more out of it then i ever expected for myself and others around me that experienced the program . i am forever grateful for redefining my vision and purpose for myself and others around me . it 's definitely not easily understood at first , but over time , things will continue to click and we get to own each step that we take in life and others that we stand for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "choice center 's workshop is one-of-a-kind unique . i learned a lot about myself , my passion and love for my family , and i am surrounded by people that support me and love me . i am grateful that i got to experience choice center workshops . i would highly recommend anybody to participate in an experience of a life time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great workout , and love the big weight room . they had top of the line equipment . bathrooms were clean and everyone was very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after almost a year as a member , and i am very happy with the facility , staff and equipment . the staff is always friendly and has a smile on their face . the equipment is always working , clean and there is more than enough room to do the work outs you want to do . with the location being close to my business it is perfect for me to stop in during lunch , do what i need to and get back to work . the price is fair compared to what else i 've paid in the past at other gyms . i do not personally use any of the classes they offer , and i appreciate the reduction in membership fees because of it . nice job to the staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice people . my mother in law was pleased with the final results . i saw many guys coming to get their haircut .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thank you brenda ! : ) you were very patient and you did my hair just the way i like it ! ! - i 'm one happy client ! definitely coming back ! see you in 3 months !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to see olivia here and swore by her incredible work . she is no longer there but still love the place . great waxing but beware of you have sensitive skin . they offered to tint my eyebrows , which i would not do again due to an allergic reaction to the die", "score": "4"}
{"review": "julie was fabulous ! ! she kept the atmosphere easy for my first wax in years . clean , friendly place . will keep in mind for future trips to az .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been waxed at many places . this place is amazing ! ! the staff is friendly , it is super clean and it 's a relaxing quick waxing experience . they so thorough ! i will be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "updated review : it 's been a day since i got my eyebrows and lip waxed and i have broken out all over on my lip and eyebrows from the wax they used . i do n't know how or why that happened , but it mdid.. i have never had that happen ever , but since it was my first time at this wax center it will probably be my last .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bria did an amazing job with my brazilian ! ! ! it hurt cus it always hurts , but a lot less than usual ! and bria was super fast without sacrificing quality , also easy to talk to and made me feel comfortable . one of the owners was in the reception area and talked to my mom while she waited for me ; she was super nice too . i 'll def see bria again next time i 'm in town visiting my mom .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in the area visiting from out of town , had missed my regular appointment back home and was in dyer need of some hair removal . i 'm particular about where i go for waxing services because i 've had some bad experiences . the place i go to in seattle only does waxing so you know you are getting consistent service . scheduled a same day appointment with julie for 3 areas . julie was professional , speedy and did a great job ! i walked away clean as a whistle ! too bad i was just in town a few days visiting from seattle or i would make this my regular wax joint every 4 weeks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can say is julie is the best and she is my girl ! omg it was my first time and she put me at ease and she even laughed when it hurt so badly at one point i spanked her ! she assured me it would get better and it did . she was great ! see next week julie ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! great waxing salon . brea was super professional , speedy and thorough . the salon is fun , modern and super clean . love the pink and white decor . i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a good experience here . great and knowledgeable staff that are really good at what they do . i 'm bad a scheduling ahead so i always end up with a different girl and i have never been disappointed , they are all given additional training by the company so the waxing methods are the same no matter who you get . love it here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jamie was amazing ! ! went for my first brazilian and she made me feel so comfortable . she was very friendly and professional . they are also very sanitary and have the best technique that made it almost painless . i left feeling no pain and not sore at all ! 10 out of 10 amazing overall experiance , i will never go anywhere else ! thanks again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going with olivia to get my eyebrows down for a really long time and she is seriously the best and knows exactly how to give you the perfect brow . if you are looking for someone to do your brows well i highly recommend her ! she is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my usual aesthetician was busy , so i went on to yelp and found lunchbox . very happy i did . kristyn was my aesthetician . i should explain that i 'm a guy . an old guy . and i needed to have my ears , nose , and back waxed . kristyn went out of her way to make me feel comfortable , and did an excellent job . i am sincerely thinking that i may have found my new wax place . guys : if you 're tired of walking around looking like you 've got bushes growing out of your ears and nose , go to lunch box . ask for kristyn . she 'll take good care of you . she 's a sweet as can be , a total pro , and cute as hell .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only reason i 'm giving 2 stars instead of one is because the people there are friendly . i dropped my vehicle off with them a week ago and they told me that the time of death on my car was 1:38pm . the engine was dead and there was oil in the coolant . even took me out to `` show me '' what was wrong although i was skeptical . my spirit said to get a second opinion and i 'm so thankful i did . just got my car back and is running perfectly fine . just needed a new radiator and some gas . i will never take my vehicle back here again . if you have an older model vehicle with a lot of miles on it , take it to some local mom and pop place who wo n't try and get you to sell your car for parts because `` the engine is shot '' . thank the lord for second opinions !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i got a flat tire when my daughter and i were leaving our dentist appointment on a monday morning . i did not have aaa and did n't know what i was going to do . i called firestone nearby and dominick , the manager , said he 'd come out see if he could get my tire elevated enough to get here . he came out and got it inflated just enough to make it here . he was professional and courteous . this really helped reduce my stress level . they made a new pot of coffee for me since it was lukewarm and they found another nail hole in my other rear tire ! if not for him i do n't know what i would have done . thank you all !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "randall was extremely helpful courteous and kind and they are a perfect example of what a business should be they won over a lifetime customer for the price of a lightbulb", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware , this place will rip you off . i have been there several times and each time they have tried to take advantage of me . never again.just check the google reviews .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dominick ( the store manager ) is extremely nice and will jump to help you . i had to bring my wife 's car in the day before my wedding because the computer went crazy and started throwing codes and lighting up the dash like a christmas tree . dominick said they were booked solid but when he found out it was the day prior to our big day asked if we could drop it off . about 3 hours after i dropped it off , got the call saying all codes were cleared and did n't charge us a dime . i 've been bringing cars here since moving to charlotte a year ago and will continue to give them my service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an appointment for an oil change and it still took over an hour and a half . while waiting , the phone rang and no one was around to answer it . i do n't know if they are short staffed or what .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "people were very friendly but the wait was too much . dropped my car off for new tires at 10:30am and it still was not done at 5pm .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "that 's today 's review . forget about estimated times . ai n't no telling when someone will get to it never mind finish it . in at 230 for an oil change and cabin air filter - told 90 minutes . called 2.5 hours later and told 40 minutes more . it 's 615 . i 'm waiting for it . yup today it 's 3 stars", "score": "3"}
{"review": "these guys offer great service . it is now our place to take vehicles for service oil changes etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had an awesome experience with this auto care facility . they were definitely the silver lining to the cloud i experienced the day before . ii was able to have my car towed there new year 's day after aaa dropped the ball the day before on my repair . andy , the manager was amazing and beyond helpful . there they were able to place my tire in tact that had fallen off while i was driving after the `` previously mentioned '' facility failed to tightened the lugs and bolts . on top of that , they gave my vehicle a complete analysis at no charge , after their thorough diagnostic on my mercedes sl500 and very competent repair , i will now entrust them with my vehicle needs . there 's also a waiting room equipped with the comfort and conveniences needed incase one has to stay and endure their vehicle repair , definitely worth a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my go to shop . i intend to drive my 2003 f-150 forever , and they always do a great job of keeping me on the road . they communicate well and i like the application on my phone with our vehicle maintenance history . i 've never had an issue with a service repair here . finally there is a lot of new construction in the area and we seem to alway pick up a nail bolt.the road hazard warranty means i just drop it off and get the repair . has paid for itself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give this apartment complex a negative 1 star i would . the management is horrible . they do not want to work with you at all . when i was leased my apartment i was told it was a none smoking apt and the people below me smoke cigs and marijuana and if goes up into my vents and makes my clothes in my closet smell horrible . i tried working this out my management but they said it is out of their hands that 's the people can smoke in there apt if they want because it 's their `` home '' . the water comes out brown when i start my shower it 's gross . the filters are black the carpets are spotted and nasty . over all i would tell you to run away as fast as possible . not worth living here even for free . horrible . on top of that i 've been offered drugs from multiple neighbors . we have drug dealers living here ! ! ! not safe at all ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the best thing i can say about this place is the front office , where you are physically signing a contract , is nice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "let me start off by saying i have n't lived here . but i have toured this place . the woman at the front desk was definitely not great . she was way too quiet , almost barely understandable , and she seemed pretty indifferent . finally when we actually took the tour of the apartment she opened the door and just stood there . my husband and i felt uncomfortable because usually tour guides at apartment complexes walk you though the apartment and explain things . but like i said , she just stood there . based on other ratings this place seems pretty bad , but on top of that the customer service we received was poor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decided to change up my workout , and wanted to do something different . researched via the web and found hard knocks . i have never trained in any martial art , boxing , nor anything similar . former baseball player back in the day , and regular weights , treadmill gym for years . i talked with the owner and felt very good when someone offers 1 week free , with confidence that they will earn your business . i have taken the `` power conditioning '' classes and have been challenged , learned several new techniques , and got a great workout each time . the other students in the class have been really nice and supportive , helping an obvious rookie ! looking forward to my next class ! ! ! i highly recommend hnmt ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "trained here while in town from tampa , fl . knowledgeable muay thai instructor , friendly and welcoming group of students . great experience , recommend checking it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i recently took advantage of the first week free and i did not regret it , i learned a lot in that short amount of time and the staff is knows their stuff ! renzo is a great teacher and gets the most out of you , there were times i wanted to quit but he would not let me . i also was able to train with another teacher chris who is also a fighter and he gave me a great insight on all the techniques . overall if you are looking for a great workout plus excellent kickboxing instruction i would highly recommend hard knocks ! it is definitely not for the faint of heart or mind , and it will give you a great workout no matter what level of fitness you are on . the prices are also a lot more reasonable than most places around vegas . take advantage of the free week and let me know how it turns out ! and try not to get you butt kicked ! haha , just kidding ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've seen this gym grow.. i was one of the early members of the gym when hardknocks first opened at the old location . i 've been training martial arts for over 12 years on and off.. i 've been to a few gyms around town and when it comes to muay thai.. nothing compares to how renzo ( head trainer owner ) teaches.. real traditional muay thai techniques . the gym is clean.. and well equipped.. from heavy bags to different pads used for different work outs.. training to fight or just to get in shape.. everyone is welcomed at hardknocks.. that 's the atmosphere . i suggest you come and try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my daughter to the hard knocks and they were closing . they took the time out of their personal time to make us feel at ease and answered all our questions . chris and art did not hesitate to explain everything . we left with my daughter and wife signing up . on the first day of the girls class i walked from work to watch them workout and renzo met me and chris and art remembered my name . i love the old school training and the family atmosphere . the price to join was fair and everyone is pleasant and respectful . this is not a place for pansies or i want life to be fair personalities . this is a place for those to work hard and get out what they put in..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll be honest , i was a little skeptical about coming here . i was nervous on my first day about how nice the students would be and the trainers . but it turned out to be really cool ! renzo was really cool , funny , and a great trainer ! i attend the 6:00 pm muay thai on monday wednesdays and fridays , and conditioning on tuesdays and thursdays . so what are you waiting for ? get off of yelp and go sign up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the atmosphere of this gym my daughter has been training here and my husband and i always feel welcome this is an amazing place with amazing people", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great gym for those who want a hard workout or learn the techniques . also good for getting ready for a real muay thai fight .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hard knocks muay thai has changed me . i 've lost weight , gained muscle , and i 've started running everyday in addition to the kickboxing classes . in one month , muay thai and renzo have taught me what self discipline means . that 's why i love this place . renzo will push you to your limit . he 's a hard-driving coach like no other . he knows your limits better than you do , and he 's always pointing out ways your technique can improve . even after years of college classes with a dozens of professors , i can say that renzo is the best teacher of anything that i have ever met . i can not speak highly enough of this gym .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recommend this gym to anyone who wants to learn , get fit and meet good people . i 've been four months since attending , excellent training you learn something new every day and improves the workout . so , if you are seating on the couch reading this review do n't waist more time and join us , you will have fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the real deal the trianer renzo is awesome he will get you in shape and you 'll diffinily learn how to fight i put my son in this school a year ago and he 's confidence is sky high . renzo does not let you quite . my son hurt he 's ankle at home a few month 's ago and have n't been able to go to class and renzo is understanding to his injury . my son ca n't wait to get back to training . if your looking for a real fighting jim this is the place to go you , your wife or your kids will diffinily learn how to fight .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best muay thai gym in the valley . i started here about 3 weeks ago with 2 years of training prior . renzo has definitely sharpened my skills from the stance to the clinching , i can really feel myself getting better . he makes sure to break you out of your mold ( not doing the same thing over again when fighting sparring ) which is really important . on top of that , everyone trains with everyone ! which is what i like , does n't matter the experience . i really love the atmosphere here as well . i seriously can not wait to compete so i can utilize what he 's taught me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "technical school..good training ... art is on of the best jiu-jitsu instructer i 've ever trained with ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the trainers here do a great job keeping me motivated ! i came in with no fight experience and they 've coached me every step of the way from the basics to more advanced techniques . the strength and conditioning class is a nice perk as well , it has strengthened me in all aspects that can be applied to muay thai . you know you 're in for a good day of training when it 's with the team at hard knocks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hard knocks is a fantastic place to train . kru renzo is extremely good with all levels and adjusts accordingly . it 's a great enviroment , family team orientated , and always an excellent workout . you can come to expand your muay thai skill set or you can come to get a good workout . regardless , i highly recommend . as well , i also strongly recommend privates as you will grow in leaps and bounds and they are well worth your money . i will never train anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we bought a new home recently and called shasta and made an appointment for them to come by , so we could get some ideas and prices . the appointment was for 9am , at 11am i called to see why they were n't here , after giving my name i was put on hold for 5 minutes . after being on hold i was asked for my phone number , which they had already and was told they would get back to me . it is now 12 o'clock and have yet to hear anything . shasta you have managed to lose my business . thanks for nothing . i will find a company who will appreciate my business and is dedicated to customer service , unlike your business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shasta built my pool in 2006 with a raised spa . the spa now leaks due to an internal pipe leaking . contacted shasta and they said it was not covered by their warranty , it only covers structural issues . shasta warranty is not that good , dont believe the hype about being a shaster master pool ... . all these pool builders use the same contractors and shasta does n't give any better support warranty then the cheaper guys do .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unaware pool service was scheduled i arrive hone to fund a van parked in front of our driveways . i call out in both yards to see who is back there and no reply . i cover half the yard and call out again and finally get some sort of response . i ask the guy to either pull into the driveway or move vehicle so it 's not blocking drive . i also inquired about what he was doing to which he replies `` um , and who are you ? ! '' i am officially po 'd now . 'scuse me , you 're trespassing and asking who i am ? ! i am the home owner - not liking .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is for the service dept . of shasta pools , not a store . i 've never had a problem with the guys who came to do the work on my pool equipment . the problem is with the people who answer the phone . i noticed last time i called , i would be put on hold by the automated system for a long time ( like maybe 10 minutes or more ) . the only way to get to talk to someone was to leave a message then i got a call back within minutes . i thought that was really strange . it happened twice . so i scheduled a service call . a few days before it was going to happen , i had something come up and needed to cancel . i called , again had to leave a message after being on hold to speak to a person . when the rep. looked on the schedule , she said it was never even put in the system ! too strange for me . i 'm not calling them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had heard shasta was the best pool company and when we bought our new home we contract with them . our salesperson was good at the beginning but after the pool construction began we had a very difficult time getting him to return phone calls . the construction was delayed and seemed to drag on forever . we opted for the in floor cleaning system which so far seems like a waste of money . in fact we had to buy a robotic floor cleaner for $ 1,400 just to keep the floor clean . it took a month after the pool was done for shasta to install our wok pots . they said they could n't find them in their warehouse . right now we are waiting for shasta to come and inspect the floor cleaning system , straighten the diving board and check the salt chlorinator . as of now they were n't able to tell me when they would come out . not good enough performance to recommend shasta .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we 've nearly completed our pool and patio project with shasta and have had an excellent experience . they have been transparent and communicative throughout the project - no surprises . we also had them build an outdoor kitchen with a grill and fridge with a gas hookup . we now have a beautiful backyard with minimal maintenance . i highly recommend these guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lifetime warranty on the in-floor cleaning system : if you 're the original owner of a shasta swimming pool , some parts have a lifetime warranty . yesterday i noticed my in floor cleaning system was n't working as designed . i took the distribution box apart and found the plastic gear assembly was worn . i took that assembly to leslie pools in tempe where you must take it . they gave me a new replacement without any charges . you must show a valid id so that they can verify that you=re an original shasta pool owner -- no issue with that.the same warranty applies to the pop head cleaning heads . the cost of the gear assembly would have been $ 129.99 but no charge due to warranty . they gave me full instructions to install this part -- they were n't needed as i know the system -- very easy repair .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to the phoenix home show last week and scheduled an appointment for shasta to come out and give me an estimate for a new pool . the appointment was for 9 am this morning . at 9:40 i called their office and cancelled . if they ca n't keep an appointment schedule how the hell are they ever going to get a pool done on time . i have other pool companies i can call .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i see there are some negative reviews but i can honestly say that our experience was very positive . once the project got started they were very attentive the whole way through the project . all the workers were very kind and always cleaned up at the end of the day . we received regular calls to update us on what the next step would be . we had them install quite a bit of decking and a grill fridge area . we love how it turned out and would recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love our pool ... would be a five but crews left garbage , project went 4-5 weeks past projected date , wall was not returned to its original condition , promises made before the contract was signed that we questioned i.e ... hard dig being built into the cost ? plus dog door ( pre-existing ) was missed as an access to pool and had to spend more $ to quickly fix this ( with gate ) the last week of construction to get occupancy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just bought a house which is in need of some minimal deck repair work . i scheduled an apt with shashta to get a quote . i thoroughly explained how the area in need of repair is very minimal ( about 10 sqr ft ) . the receptionist was very accommodating , but once the rep came to my house he told me that shasta has a 200 sqr foot minimum . thanks for letting me know after i left work early . i called the manger , mike , who was very understanding at least . so if you need deck work , be sure its 200 sqr feet or more !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dan and nate came out to replace my auto filler . they 're always punctual , professional and very knowledgeable ! ! these guys are the best", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i honestly do n't know if this is the shasta pools in mesa . my husband called the general shasta pools customer service number for the phoenix area . our pool was originally put in by shasta . we 're in gilbert . the service was fine , but the gentleman was here for 20 minutes and simply replaced a light bulb and fixture for our spa light ( shasta has unusual size bulbs that we only could get replaced by shasta ) . it cost $ 495 . the repairman said that they always charge for 2 hours of labor no matter how small the job . it 's called their `` time standard . '' i think they are very overpriced .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "resurfaced my pool , did an ok job but was overpriced and customer service was not the best .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love getting sns because it lasts forever . i was so excited to find a place that specializes in it . i was even more excited to find out that my favorite people , and previous owners of rileys nails in tempe , are here . i loved catching up with them and as always they did a fabulous job . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad i stumbled upon this place while searching on yelp for sns nails ! gel nails do n't last more than 10 days for me before they are peeling chipping . i have had 2 sns manicures so far and they have been great ! i 'm going on 25 days with my current manicure , and besides the growing out , everything still looks great ! pedicures are great as well ! everyone is so friendly and $ 30 for the sns manicure is a great deal , in my opinion !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this newly found nail salon ! ! they use sns dipping powder only so there is no funky nail salon smell . they have a 7day guarantee on their sns and shellac gel services which is great to know . a sns manicure only cost me $ 30 bucks thats super cheap i 've paid over 45 for this elsewhere . riley is the best ever ! ! ! she 's like a foot doctor she was able to get my ingrown toe nail out and i felt instant relief . they even scrub your legs with fresh oranges with your pedicure . my new nail spot for sure ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been to this new salon couple of times with my girlfriend . she usually get her nails done here and i get a pedicure . the service is super nice and the staff are so friendly and helpful . everything is so clean and sanitized . one of my favorite spa from now on since i just moved to this area . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best nail place ever ! ! ! ! they have the best sns product there is out there . they are friendly and honest which you ca n't get that anywhere else ! so happy i found this nail shop , i will not go anywhere else . love simply natural nail shop", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming to the place for months and it is better than any nail salon i 've ever been to ! riley does an amazing job on my nails ! they take their time with each client to make sure the quality is perfect and they are still faster than any place i 've gone to . i look forward to getting my nails done to come here and hang out because the staff makes me feel so welcome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not from the area and was looking for somewhere to get my nails done for graduation . i messaged the business on yelp and they replied very quickly with an appointment time . i showed up for a manicure and pedicure . i wanted to try the sns french manicure since i had heard of it but had n't tried it yet . they very quickly got started and did an amazing job ! the sns looks so good and is lasting quite a while . all of the employees were very friendly and made me feel so welcomed and relaxed . when i come back to the area i will be sure to stop again , and if anyone is looking for a great nail place definitely give them a try , you will not be disappointed ! side note ... it is natural nails so they do n't do acrylics if that 's what you 're into , it was perfect for me though since i ca n't stand the feeling of fake nails but the sns will supposedly help you grow out your natural nails so that 's a plus !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to this nail salon for years . recently they added sns to the options . i love it ! stronger than gel , lighter than acrylic and healthy ! i have had the sns powder 3 times now and my nails are going very nicely . i used to get acrylics all the time but now i have a new addiction . thanks simply natural nails ! love it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! i have been coming here for several months after first finding sns in scottsdale . i was very unhappy with sns in scottsdale and it was way overpriced . family owned , so friendly and they do a great job ! highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this salon is a best kept secret that should be shared ! they take the time to listen to you to help you achieve your nail goals . have been here twice and and will continue to be a loyal customer ! they have helped me grow my own nails out to the length i was trying to achieve with damaging acrylics ( they do n't do acrylic ) . they use a special manicure system called sns . i highly recommend this salon and want to share this hidden gem in the desert ! thank you all for the wonderful customer service . hugh & steven are the best ! i believe it is a family run salon . i have never been able to grow my own nails , this is truly amazing & so healthy for your own nails . so glad i found them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm reviewing this salon after my second visit and could n't be happier . i made the switch because i wanted to stop using gel and they had the sns products and really had great things to say about the product . my nails look absolutely amazing . before , my nails would peel and bend ... and were not healthy . now , less than two weeks later ... i can see the growth , and my natural nails look great too ! ! their customer service is out of this world ... they remembered my name ... and they even knew that i recommended my mom to go there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the sns nails for once my nails are growing longer and stronger . the family atmosphere here is comfortable and very welcoming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never leave this place dissatisfied ! the quality and service they offer is always outstanding ... .i drive from south phoenix more than 1 2 hour just to get this awsome nail work ... .steve , riley and hugh are the best always are true to what will look best for my pedi and sns nails these are actually my natural nails ! so satisfied !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "birthday mani-pedi fun ! the staff are hilarious and wonderful with the kids . even us moms had a blast . beautiful work and very reasonable for kids party mani-pedi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome job on my pedicure and sns nails ! ! ! highly recommend these nails if you are wanting to grow your own natural nail , the process does n't hurt and the nails feel light compared to acrylic . customer service is outstanding ! ! ! i 'll be going back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had to run errands when i finished up here , i just was n't impressed , sorry . my toenails were not polished well , they smudged & after drying for at least 2 hours . i had to try on shoes for a wedding the following day . i wondered if a top coat had been applied . steve did my toes , he was friendly but not expert in polishing , the polish seemed sticky and too thick . i did n't have the time to go back there again to have them fixed , so tried to fix them myself that evening . was bummed after spending all the money to have a professional look & did n't get it . the shop needs some tlc , painting , update decor & a thorough , deep cleaning . i did n't notice the tubs were cleaned very well after others were done with there pedicure , that concerned me . they line the tubs with plastic , however , i do n't think that does anything for all the stuff that drains into the drain .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "specialty in sns and gel manicure ( 7 days guarantee ) friendly staff and very reasonable price . highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've gone to many different nail salons and they either ended up being too expensive or they cut me every time ! i 've gone to this place a few times and they are very careful and get the job done . my nails turned out beautiful and it was nice to not have my cuticles hurt from all the other places that have cut me . the people there are so nice and very friendly . i highly recommend . the price is just as amazing as the service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super happy ! i am an sns girl so was hunting for a good place while in town for a conference . they were very accommodating when my friend and i arrived , getting us into a great pedicure chair with no waiting . the pedicure included some citrus rub and hot stones-and a great polish job . great selection of sns colors and they do not cut corners on the top coat . very happy-would absolutely return if i lived here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went into their salon simply based on the strength of their yelp rating . they were really a great group . they educated me on sns - mine had been done incorrectly and had gotten even thicker than acrylic nails . they removed the old sns material and started over . hugh fixed them by taking all the damaged edges off of my real nails and added just a thin coating of the sns in a really cool pink white ombre and i could n't be happier . they look great and feel so healthy . now i can grow out my real nails in a better way than i had imagined ! thank you all for the great job and friendly atmosphere !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service and beautiful nails . if you have never tried the sns system i really recommend it over the gel since i promise you it will help your nails grow and it 's also not as damaging as the gel or acrylic . they also have a variety of colors to choose from !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are very kind here and pay attention to detail . i 've been to a few different salons around the east valley through the years and this salon is my favorite ! they also do n't use anything with strong smells , and less chemicals which is nice because i 'm pregnant . i highly recommend them : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! i used to come here all the time when it was under different management and it was good . now with the new management , the salon is leaps and bounds better than what it used to be . i have tried the sns nail polish a few times and every time , it comes out looking great . this last time i opted to go for a regular gel nail polish because i wanted a specific color that they did n't have in sns . it turned out great and even the feather design i asked for was done perfectly . i always ask for hugh when i go there . his work is great and he pays close attention to detail . the only thing i would say that i wish was better is that i would like to see more color options in the sns polish . there are so many great colors for gel , but not nearly enough for sns .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love coming here ! ! everyone is super friendly and i always feel so welcome ! i am always satisfied with my nails and would recommend the salon to everyone ! they use all sns products and the manicure lasts for at least three weeks ! it is also by far the most reasonably priced sns manicure i have found . $ 30 compared to at least $ 40 at other places ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my new favorite place . i came to them after having a horrible experience and a messed up set of nails on and rylie worked her magic . even better they use natural products and can help to educate their clients about the harmful effects that other salons are using . they are reasonably priced and so friendly . try to the sns manicure asap ! ! ! no more acrylic or smelly products for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this nail salon ! after searching for a new nail place for months i found this hidden gem . they do a fantastic job on my nails . i had them do sns on my finger nails and i got a gel pedicure . both look fantastic . best of all the people that work here are so nice and fun . it 's a great experience and i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had been looking for a quality nail spa . and i decided to give a shot to this nail spa because of its high rating . i definitely enjoyed the experience of its friendly and welcoming atmosphere . the plus is there is no chemical smell like other nail salons do . i had sns nails that is popular nowadays . it is a nail color in powder and the nail polish is applied on the powder . also they gave me a lot of color choices . it has been a week and i still am enjoying its quality . its technicians are professional and take care of each customer 's need . for sure , there will be many visits there in the future , especially for my upcoming graduation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its hard to find a good nail salon these days . it seems like everyone just rushes and what you paid for never last . i was looking for a new place to do sns and i found this little hidden gem . vo did mine the day i went in and his wife finished them . they lasted and they looked more natural then any sns i have got done . definitely will be returning here and also sending new clients their way . oh and did i mention they do gel top coat for no additional charge with sns !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they always have the best customer service ! they make it very enjoyable for everyone . they really take their time with each customer and it is very relaxing . it 's at a low cost too , which makes it worth it all !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't realize it until i after i started pumping , but it was $ 0.15 a gallon cheaper than the station across the street . sweet !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cheaper upfront for gas than terribles across the street after their discount", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we fancy this gas station for snacks and energy drinks during our breaks at school . packs of pima students crowd the store late mornings and early evenings so if you want to dodge the students in blue , reschedule your gas and snack pit stop away from those times . it 's your typical texaco with a great staff on hand whenever i 've gone there . they 're always understanding to our hundred some odd number of students whenever we show up . other than the trend of lower gas prices from time to time , the staff is what makes the place shine ! i recommend getting gas here for that extra boost of small talk with the cashiers", "score": "3"}
{"review": "turn back the clock 6 years ago . i was impressed at the size & variety of my now new fry 's . i grew up on the west side & moved back to the way west side that i lovingly call east la or t town . i start shopping & they have most of what i need just sometimes you have to hunt someone down to help you because well no one person thinks like every other person so sometimes things are n't right where you think logically at the time it should be . having said that i 've only not found 1 ingredient that they did n't carry at all . what was that one item you ask ? frozen artichoke hearts . they had marinated jarred which is the norm but i needed frozen for an italian recipe . meh what are you gon na do ? all & all it 's an ok store to do your grocery shopping at .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "some of the most rude cashiers i 've ever experienced . i was in a good mood going in the store and shopping for groceries . my good mood quickly vanished when i went to check out . i greeted the cashier and she just stares at me without a response . i tried not to notice here rude behavior but it was hard . even when i was done paying for my groceries i thanked her and again she just stares at me without responding . crystal i 'll never get in your line again , ever . should have just walked out of there without paying and left the groceries .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is n't my local fry 's , but they were laid out identical to the one i frequent . the cashier was super friendly and that is always a plus plus for me . i 'd return here for things needed if i was in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very bad costumer service ! i just had my baby two days ago and i went change my wicc.. now i was in pain and i had forgotten my book with my signature on it to `` verify '' if it was really me . cashier named olivia was a very rude lady , she said that my signature does not match.. i told get that my signature are never the same.. she came up with it has to be the same as the one on the wicc book ! with this very bad attitude.. keep in mind that i just had my baby and was in pain . i was not looking forward to be treated like that on my first day out in pain ! never again going back l ! ! ! i hope this review helps ! one thing for sure is that my family will no longer go to that store.. bad customer service olivia ! ! she is a older lady !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is on here twice but here i go again . groceries are too expensive compared to other stores but they do have great deals on milk . checkout lines are too long . you must buy the weeklyad special in order to get good deals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if your to lazy to walk from a parking spot into the store then park bye the front door like most lazies do..oh yeah every and all day . the managers do n't care about your safety here ... fact ! oh did i mention how filthy the front of the store is ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you like to save a little bit of money by using coupons , do not go to this store ! ! the cashiers and managers hate coupons . they will come up with any excuse to not accept your coupons . they would n't even accept a .50c coupon that was a peelie from the bottle itself ! will never shop at this store !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great for a quick bite and a beer , clean open kitchen concept for a lil pub was nice , if you 're expecting a dining experience do n't come if you want a quick bite of deli sandwiches such at a hot rueben or that type of meal , sit drink and enjoy ! if your a foody stay away , not for you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is horrible delane our server was very rude and this little old man in gary i guess came in and yelled at customers that were using the restroom .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this deli sports bar is a great place to go for some of the best sandwiches in town at a reasonable price . murphy makes an amazing reuben as well as offers great customer service . this place is set back on main street in between del sol and saba 's , so make sure you look for it . there are very few deli spots in old town to get a quick bite to eat , especially in that area . they even have a few tv 's so you can what your favorite sports game and get a drink while you wait or you can hang out with friends for a while inside or outside on the patio . happy hour prices are great too and only $ 3 well drinks , a bargain for scottsdale . they offer a great variety of deli sandwiches that come with a serving of fries , as well as hamburgers , hotdogs , brats , and salads . next time i go i plan on ordering the deep fried chocolate chip cookie ice cream sandwich . yum yum ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we tried their fries as an appetizer to get us through shopping and it was amazing . we were so excited about eating there after a long day . a couple hours later we came back and the whole place smelled like marijuana . and not just a small scent . super potent like they did it right there in the restaurant . turned my stomach . why would they do that ? their food looked so good . we could n't stay .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best reuban in town ! vicky ( the head chef and owner ) could not be nicer . i would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a bite to eat in the old town area . i ca n't wait to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here with a large group of co-workers , so i will buffer my review with that premise . i observed multiple sandwiches , salads , and burgers ordered . the service was understandably slow due to the party , but the workers were clearly not prepared for any simultaneous lunch-time rushes . it took over and hour from order to get the food out . the food was overpriced for the quality . burgers were under-seasoned and over-cooked , sandwiches were low on flavor , and the salads were decent save the lack of dressings available . and everyone agreed that the fries were over-salted . maybe the bar is amazing , but for the time cost taste experience , there are better , faster options literally walking distance away . i hope i caught them on a bad day , but with as many choices as there are in the area , there is no room for `` bad days '' in that location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we were visiting old scottsdale and happened upon this place . we tried several other restaurants based on yelp but they were packed and we were hungry . the food was good and the service was excellent . we shared fried artichoke . they were tasty but not as good as we had hoped . we asked for blue cheese dressing which was homemade and delicious . we shared a ruben sandwich , very tasty . the dressing was homemade as well . we intended to go back but never made it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would have given zero if this was an option . called in order for delivery . craving french dip ... .it was `` not recommended to be ordered today '' by the person taking the order via phone . was then called back 20 minutes later with a `` sorry we got busy , can you come pick up your order ? '' order cancelled and menu is now in the trash . will never call again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place for a deli sandwich or a cold beer on hh ! i had the ruben and was not disappointed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for couple of years now and the food here is consistent . all the vegetables are fresh . i like that they offer more choices of toppings and sauces than their competitors . all the sandwiches i 've tried are tasty . my current favorite is the blt . i used to get cuban sandwich all the time which is very good . i also liked the fact that the sandwiches can be kept in the fridge and it tastes just as good the next day . i just open it and toast it up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sandwiches here are pretty good for a chain shop , but they just ca n't seem to get my orders correct . i 've given them several chances . i 've ordered on the bag at the store and i 've ordered on the iphone app . i 've tried ordering very simple sandwiches , and i 've tried ordering when i 'm the only person in the restaurant . regardless , they consistently find ways to screw up the bill and or the sandwich . i can appreciate that mistakes happen in any restaurant , and the young people who work here seem well-intentioned . but the problems are persisting , and reviews here lead me to believe i 'm not the only one having this problem . maybe the system is just too complicated for the staff who work here . even though it 's the only sandwich shop for many miles , i do n't see myself going back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "glad to see another which wich open in north scottsdale . the chain relies on the novelty concept of using a red sharpie on a paper bag to order . this location has a few kinks to work out . i 've been in a few times and it takes much longer to order than other which wichs in the valley . things which wich does right : quality ingredients , well-made sandwiches , fun atmosphere . `` i 'd like to sit and eat my sandwich here '' - said no subway patron ever . get the loyalty cup ( same price as large ) and save on drink refills .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they have come along way ! worked out the kinks of a new sandwich shop . no complaints here . love the concept and i have had consistently perfect sandwiches !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rehashing what other have said . s.l.o.w . service . i ordered a plain turkey sammie and it took 15 minutes before it was ready . i work in this shopping center and only had 20 minutes to grab a bite . i have no idea what takes so long considering they do n't take the order . you just hand them your bag . overall the sammie was pretty good . i ordered a `` skinny wich '' which means they scrape out the excess bread . i like this option a lot . the bread was extra flaky and good , but they put red onions on my sammie which i did not ask for and also hate ... . so much that if i ever met an onion in a dark alley would kick it 's ass .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place has the most exceptional service ! they go leaps and bounds to provide quality food and service to third customers ! my office orders from them weekly and we 've never been disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so much better then subway . the employees are very nice . it may take them a while to make the sandwich but you cant rush perfection . i will definitely be comming here more often then subway .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was awesome . it was my first time there . so go big or go home . i got the wicked five meat sandwich . delish . i saw some people complain about how long the wait is . you ca n't rush perfection . so if you do n't mind waiting maybe 7 mins then come here . i am a huge sandwich person and am very critical on it being awesome or its not worth my time . blows jimmy jon 's out of the water . heavy on meat not just bulking it up with lettuce . enjoy if you try it . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "periodically my wife orders online from which wich . i went down to pick it up , about 20 min after she ordered it . they had n't even begun making our order because `` the online system is down '' . so they had to print out the email and start from there . 10 minutes later the man behind the counter hands me the bag and i head out . i get home and discover it 's the wrong order . they actually called before i was able to and my wife brought back the incorrect order . then when she got there , they started making our food , so she sat around for 10 min . to add insult on top of injury they never even offered to refund our money , just a sincere apology from the cashier . obviously , their system is still in disarray ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a great sandwich , not much more to say here . i usually go with the italian style subs but the turkey and hams are pretty darn good as well . i like to mix up my non cook lazy sandwich nights between here , jimmy johns , potbelly , and subway . for $ 20-25 it allows me and my wife to not have to cook and goes well with a glass of wine at home . nuff said .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we call our orders in and they are always ready and correct when we arrive for pick up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is very close to my work so as soon as i drove by to eat around that plaza i was so excited that which wich would be opening . i could n't find the date of the opening anywhere so i drove by today and it was open : ) love the toasted sandwiches and love that they have a punch card ... i get a free sub on my next visit thanks to today 's order ! ! i was getting sick of eating at subway so i 'm pretty excited there is another sub business open now . it was n't very packed today for a grand opening so i 'm thinking not many people know about it yet . its located right between chipotle and a yogurt shop and pei wei .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . shakes are awesome . grossly overpriced . two sandwiches and two shakes cost just under $ 40 . 37.19 to be exact .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have been frequenting the location up on north scottsdale rd . for about ten months now . in fact , i can honestly say i 'm addicted to it . out of all the sandwiches i 've consumed there , 99 % are the `` italian grinder '' loaded with all the hot stuff . hooked right from the start . by far , much better sub than the competition ( have n't tried jimmy johns yet ) . approx . $ 8 for small , with drink and that is plenty to fill me up . ordering is a little daunting the first trip in but the order process allows you to design your own creation . note : best when served hot ! on first name basis with scott , the manager ( go figure ) . great guy that truly loves his job and his customers . clean establishment and great quality food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to give this place a shot because my wife and i live down the street . interesting concept of marking down what you want on the bag and then going to the register . the place was very clean and there was a guy that immediately wanted to know i needed any help with the ordering process . everybody overall was really nice and helpful . food took a little longer than expected but the place just opened so so big deal . ordered a buffalo chicken , thanksgiving and caprice sandwiches . honestly ... it was not good at all . very little meat and topping , was pretty bland but the bread was fresh and was pretty good because a good piece of bread makes the sandwich . i understand that this place just opened , but they are all over the united staes and they have to be doing something right everywhere else . will be back eventually but not for several months when they get there act together .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the people working here are amazing . extremely friendly and welcoming , generous , and it 's obvious they enjoy working together . the owner scott treated my girlfriend and i with so much kindness and respect and even more so toward his employees . it 's no surprise he 's from chicago ! ; ) . oh yeah- and did i mention the sandwiches are bomb ? i promised myself i 'll be back for a visit and more sandwiches every time i 'm in town visiting my family . eat here , chat 'em up , and have an higher-than-expectations experience with these guys . so happy to have met them . thanks again for the waters , scott ! - pat", "score": "5"}
{"review": "which-wich has a great sandwich selection and a very friendly staff . the ingredients always seem to be very fresh . i love coming for an early lunch to beat the lunch crowd as they open at 10:30am .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . best choice of toppings and sides . have eaten here at least five times before and never had an order that was n't great and prepared the way i asked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first and last time i eat here . i ordered chicken parmesan chips & reg drink ... a little over $ 10.00 . took over 15 minutes ! surprised there was no real chicken breast but sliced or shredded chicken bits . this is the first chicken parm . i 've had that had sliced chicken and not a regular breast . not impressed ... took way too long , drinks are expensive and food below average .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love which wich and love this location especially ! i choose this over jimmy johns any day ! the hot chicken pesto is my go-to sub , but i like a lot of their choices . the bread is delicious when toasted , and the 'regular ' size sub is always filling . and do n't get me started on the hand-dipped chocolate shakes ! so good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am always in and out quick with their speedy service & the employees are always pleasant to converse with . i often get a different sandwich every time i have been in & it is always accurate , fresh , & filling . with the amount of meat they put on their sandwiches it really puts other sub shops to shame ( cough cough subway cough ) ! a ton of options to pick from & you 're always going to get a great tasting 'wich !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've gone to this which wich several times . i have to say i like their variety . you can specify exactly what you want and do n't want and they have an assembly line to create it for you . as for the sandwich , i 'd give it maybe 6 or 7 out of 10 . not the most meat and ingredients on a sub , but not the least either . you pay the same price for most subs no matter what type it is , and to me its a bit overpriced with a small being almost $ 6 , and a medium almost $ 9 . they have a loyalty card , but beware it has an expiration date on it just a few months after you get it , meaning you have to go pretty often to get a free one before you lose it . overall , i 'd put their subs at about average , their value a bit under average . they were very friendly , almost to the point of it being a bit too much .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the concept , sandwich options and quick service ... for all of you complaining about how long it took to get your sandwich , keep in mind that demand is high and they just opened . give them a few weeks to get settled before ripping the new business a new one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never waited 10 minutes at the front of the line to be helped then for them to tell me it will be 10 minutes until they start making my sandwich . it 's like they want you to leave . strange .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of my favorite sandwich shops in scottsdale . i come here about once a month and am never disappointed . i appreciate that customers compile their orders and write them on a bag prior to seeing the cashier as you do n't waste time waiting for someone to figure it out as you wait . i usually order the reuben or superfood wich . both are great . i get extra dressing on my reuben and it tastes perfect . their bread is toasted and really good . most recently i 've been ordering the superfood wrap and it is healthy but reminds me of a burrito . i do n't see myself stopping going here anytime soon as they are consistently good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for a quick sandwich this is the place to go . the bread rolls used have texture and taste ... .. not the stick to the roof of your mouth type bread . i always choose the corn beef . it is not to salty , i wish ketchup was an option in their dressing section as this condiment goes so well with corn beef", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've not yet dined at their storefront location on willy street , though i 've passed by it half a dozen times . i just love the convenience of the food cart they have set up on library mall during the lunch time hours . in the few times i 've had jamerica i 've always ordered the happy jerk combo . it 's perfect for the indecisive as it is 1 2 pork and 1 2 chicken with red beans and rice , so there 's no need to settle on just one meat . awesome . what 's also great about this dish is how huge it is . really , it 's easily enough to last you two good meals . and these will definitely be gooood meals because jamerica packs their dishes with flavor . capital f. every time , i leave jamerica a happy customer not only because the happy jerk is delicious , but also because they 're always crankin out the ever-optimistic , breezy bob marley tunes . nice slice of jamaica man .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked by the food cart on library mall and noticed a sign saying `` goat curry '' or `` goat stew . '' i ca n't remember . i like goat so i gave it a try . yes , me like ! there was plenty of flavors to go around and a fair share of goat . enough to make the $ 9 worth it . i do n't know if this is a special or regular menu item , but i hope it is available every time i go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on a long drive up north we stopped here for a quick dinner . i am so glad that we stopped here to eat rather than go to a fast food joint ! ! ! the meal was prepared with love and it was delicious . we had pierogi and goulash , as well as a lovely salad . the restaurant was surprisingly empty for a friday night dinner hour . the hostess and server was lovely and ensure that we had everything we needed . i do plan on stopping here again the next time that we drive up highway 10", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing little gem ... so authentic and super friendly . genuine romaian owners making the best food ever .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used this place as an excuse to take a leisurely drive out of toronto and we were so glad we did . we told the wonderful server we were hungry even though it was only 3 pm , and she expertly recommended that we ( 2 ) split a goulash and a highpoint platter . everything was nuanced and delish -- could n't recommend a better path to comfort food bliss . plan time for a post-prandial nap when you get home , though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is great ! food is delicious and service warm and attentive . you have to try the perogies and the hungarian french toast if you 're there for lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are in the area and do not stop to eat here you are missing out on an amazing gem ! it was a national holiday in canada and i expected to see nothing but fast food places open . then i saw this little place and decided to stop . i am so glad i did ! not only is the staff friendly the food is fresh and amazing ! i can only imagine that if i was in romania and wanted transylvanian traditional dishes they would be just like this . look at the pictures and decide for yourself ... you will leave happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to highpoint restaurant today with my wife , parents and two children ( 2 years & 4 months ) and had a great time . the food was fast and fresh and the hostess was as european as they come . what a great experience . my mother had the french hungarian toast and it was dinner sized portions from the breakfast menu ( came out as a sandwich with fruit bowl for `` desert '' ) my father and i ordered pork schnitzel and perogees and cabbage rolls to split with the table and they were great . schnitzel was well seasoned , perogees came with lots of onion and red pepper as toppings and the cabbage rolls were the star of the plate ! my wife ordered the chicken quesadilla and said it was very good as well . before our meal even came out the great hostess came out with a bowl of potato and leak soup for my 2 year old . all 5 of us ate a very filling meal for roughly $ 50 . will certainly go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the location of restaurant is far from anything , if it was n't the great review from yelp , i would probably never find out . it is nicely decorated inside . as we got there at lunch time , it was very empty except 2 customers came for takeout . we ordered the lunch special , pork schnizel and chicken schnizel with potatoes . the pork was better than the chicken as the chicken was a bit thick . potatoes were a bit overlooked . we also ordered the cauliflower soup but found it was not so warm . overall , it was good experience , but i 've had better schnizel somewhere else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we stopped here for lunch on the way back to toronto . wow - this is a great little spot - we had perogies and a greek salad and both were spectacular . the greek salad wad huge with great veggies - the kind that actually taste like veggies as opposed to cardboard - and the dressing was nice and light and flavorfull . the perogies were just perfect - home made , great ingrediets- yummy . i definitely recommend this spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good , service lovely , decor a bit trashy . the waitress was a lovely friendly girl wearing yoga pants . the resto is a bit messy with an old cook area in the dining room piled with stuff . they do make an attempt though , love that they decorated the tables and put out fresh flowers . i might get food to go next time . but i can cook as good as this . meh", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing little gem ... so authentic and super friendly . genuine romaian owners making the best food ever . so worth the drive.. a must !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the meatball dish . home made food made with love and care . i could taste the fresh ingredients . i recommend the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "t-mobile is an outstanding company compared to its peers but too many people have slow data in this area of zip code 89119 - tower saturation is definitely needed in this area immediately . wifi rates are outrageous and do n't make any sense - a second unlimited data phone line costs $ 50 month but wifi is $ 95 for only 22gigs", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst store period , 20 minutes to pay a bill , 3 employees working with clients , 1 just on the computer and not helping anyone . and the manager nowhere near to step up . shame on this store location", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst tmobile store ever . the guy who `` tried '' to help me does n't know what he 's doing . just close this store site because they are all useless", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i hate getting my hair cut . i always make far too big a deal of it . and the problem with a place like edinburgh is you either get expensive salons like toni & guy or really really cheap barbers that give you a bowl cut . so when i moved to marchmont at the start of my third year at uni i was pleasantly surprised to find this place . a sort of mid-rage , not dirt cheap but not really expensive hairdressers . well ladies and gents , you get what you pay for . not the worst hair cut i 've ever had but i 've certainly never been back . they were all very pleasant and everything but they 're just not that good at cutting hair unfortunately . not mine anyway .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "anyone who has ever met me will know i do n't go go the hairdressers very often . but even i still need a trim now and again . `` the edge '' was the first hairdressers i visited when i moved to edinburgh because it was local and it was cheap , which basically sums up the place . this small , tidy shop is a fairly straight forward hairdressers offering usual services . it 's one notable point is that it seems to only use natural and organic products . i had a few haircuts here and i was always satisfied . i was never blown away and i 'm not sure i would come here if i was planning a total makeover . but for a straight forward trim this place is ideal . and very reasonably priced ! a decent salon only a stones throw away from the city centre .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'll try not to make any bad jokes using the name of this hair salon , but it really does have the edge when it comes to the products they use . call me prejudiced , but i would n't let anyone there touch my hair ; there 's always a chance my hair would be butchered by innocently ignorant hairdressers so i 'll stick to eva 's ! however , i was very much impressed by their range of organic hair products , as it 's the first salon of its kind i 've come across in edinburgh . it 's extremely clean and spacious , like any self respecting new age salon , and it smelled fantastic when i was in there ! price wise , it does n't seem too steep , although i have no idea what the average would be in a european hair salon . i 've uploaded a picture of the price list , so you can decide for yourself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this store is amazing and such a good quality furniture . jody the sales rep is always warm and welcoming , she does a great job in assisting her customers with the orders .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "large place with lots of nice unique stuff . some of it was pricey but all nice furniture is . i was looking for a light executive type desk . the lady showed me they have another whole large area in the back with me stuff . they did n't have what i was looking for but i will keep this place in mind for future purchases .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this store . nice selection of furniture . they have a variety of styles . we went all over town and found exactly what we wanted here at main event . jodi was very helpful and friendly . rico and harley delivered our new sectional and set it up exactly where we wanted it . all in all , a very positive experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful store and great furniture at affordable prices ! jody was very helpful and sweet ! delivery was right on time . great experience and i 'll be going back for more in the future", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have used a few diferent stores for our houses . its normally so dificult to rate a store more than 1 or 2 stars . one have to understand that ordering and delivering firniture is a dificult and time consuming process . i want to say the for first time ever i could get a hold of the store at anytime . they would comunicate with us . delivery was on point every time . great service , hustle free and accommodating . could not asl for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! what a wonderful place to buy furniture . my husband and i had looked for our last set of furniture for three months , so we were n't very hopeful of finding the right set anytime soon . after all , it had only been a week of searching when we walked into this beautiful store . jodi was so kind and helpful . she let us look around on our own , and was n't pushy at all . we found the perfect set ! it was exactly what we had been searching for , and the pricing was fair . delivery was amazing , and on time . we have the happiest butts in vegas . thank you for the awesome experience . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a must stop for us when we 're downtown chandler . the employees are super nice . cool shirts , dresses , costume jewelry and shoes ! i also love their many collections of bags and purses . great shopping for gifts and for yourself . oh , and check out their clearance rack in the back ! love this local shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh no ... .i have a new addiction in downtown chandler . this store is absolutely beautiful . it is christian themed , but it will appeal to anyone . i bought an amazing bracelet and some great gifts . the prices are very fair . they have jewelry , clothing for all ages , home decor and so much more . i spent an hour looking at everything . they just opened on 12 3 10 . check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is very cool for little treasures and fun gifts , and it has the coolest owner . i met her while shopping one day , and i will have to say that the service in a business is critical as a shopper who does n't like to be ignored until it is nearing closing time , and then all of a sudden here come the staff to let you know they are closing in ten mins ( my sister 's closet who also lock the doors with customers still inside-not actually legal ladies ) service and selection of unique trinkets and fun accessories with a lovely selection for believers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my bff turn me to this store and when i walk in i was a kif in a candy store . so mich beautiful stuff for the right price in there . i love there lotion which was amazing . there bracelet are gorgeous . who am i kinding . everything is gorgeous in this store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty much in agreement with other comments - you can find some pretty unique garments , jewelry and home decor in this gem of a boutique in downtown chandler . definitely worth the wait [ on your dinner tables ] to check it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another great little shop that has cool jewelery and accessories that are cheap but not too cheap ( if you know what i mean ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my mom and i visited this store for the first time today and we were very impressed . our family has owned similar stores in the past and we just loved the eclectic mix of art , and at very reasonable prices . ( well we are canadian so anything in arizona seems cheap ) . i was especially impressed by their distressed furniture pieces that were very well priced . as well , the people who work there actually create a lot of the vintage jewelry they sell themselves , and do a great job of it . if you 're looking for something inspirational or beautiful to decorate your home with , i would certainly recommend this shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i were out on a date the other night and we decided to walk around the little square in downtown chandler because it was all lit up for christmas . that 's when i discovered this new shop , it was love at first site for me . the clothes , the hats the jewelry.. i wish i could have bought the whole store . i told my husband `` if you shop here for my christmas present you ca n't go wrong '' . beautiful shop , it will be my new addiction too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst management ever , beware of bedbugs . inspite of making me treat the bedbug , they locked my deposit for many days and withheld my deposit for changing the carpet which was totally unnecessary . i have taken pictures of the carpet and they were perfectly fine . i have lost more than $ 1000 from my deposit . be prepared to loose money unnecessarily if you stay in their apartments .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish there was a royse and brinkmeyer-like apartment organization where i 'm about to move . i lived in the green st. apartments for 3 years , and i loved it . sure , there are somethings i might change- i 'd love to have my own washer dryer and a dishwasher- but at least there were no surprises . any problem i ever had- maintenance or otherwise- they dealt with promptly and completely . their apartments are great for graduate students young professionals . i 'm going to miss this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just finished grad school and am sad to be leaving royse and brinkmeyer after three terrific years . i could not believe my friends ' horror stories about their management services because r & b went out of their way to be so helpful . the two times i submitted a maintenance request online and someone was there the very next day to fix my issue . every time i emailed or called them with a question , i heard back immediately . i can not overstate how impressed i was , and remain , with royse and brinkmeyer and will be sad to leave them behind .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful company ! i would highly recommend renting an apartment from them . the office staff is friendly and on top of things . maintenance never takes longer than a day or so . my apartment was clean and well-maintained . definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i lived in the 307 s. state st. apartments for 4 years . the apartment itself is very nice and roomy for one person . the pet policy is great , i had two cats and received my refundable pet deposit back when i moved out ( no pet rent ! ) . the maintenance people are fast acting and can fix just about anything . and the people in the office are super nice and helpful . ca n't recommend them enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an extremely easy move in and move out experience ( even with having to break a lease ) . i kept my apartment in good condition and received my whole security deposit back , even the refundable part of my pet deposit . when you move in they give you all the numbers you need to set up utilities and even leave bottles of water in the fridge . the apartments are a little dated and they are n't very sound-proofed , but on the whole , i 'd have to say it was a pleasant place to live ( state st. apts ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just signed with this company and it has been the best signing experience . the staff are sooo helpful , and understanding . i look forward to staying with this company as long as i 'm in champaign !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "without a doubt the best landlord i have dealt with in champaign urbana savoy campus . i lived in a 2bd apartment in their continental plaza location . everyone from the office staff , property managers and repair staff were wonderful . the apartments were well-maintained and clean and common areas were cleaned weekly by r & b employees . to give an example of how thoughtful this company is , there was a bad ice-storm anticipated for a weekday and at 6am that morning , when i left for work , the landlord had left giant buckets of salt by the front door for tenants to ensure walkways parking lots would be safe . i highly recommend this company , i have no complaints and would happily live with them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have rented for over 30 years and this company is nothing like any other landlord i have ever had ! when we moved in , the shower did not work . we were still moving boxes in from the truck and their repair man already came and fixed it ! within an hour of the call ! they come regularly to do things like change the heat av filters , check fire alarms and smoke and co2 detectors . they sent annual chimney cleaners , because our unit has a fireplace . we called them because there had been break ins in the area and our front door could be picked with a credit card . they had both doors secured with metal lock plates by the next day ! we just signed another year lease and now they offered to steam clean the carpets for free . we are very happy here ! and we will only rent from these guys from here on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i feel robbed ! wasted $ 23 on basically a wash and crappy vacuum . i usually wash my car myself since my car wash guy passed away . rest his soul , he was a 50 year old man who did a beautiful job solo . sadly , you guys did the most terrible job with a team of people . i even called the manager to find out what i paid for . i know it 's been awhile but i 'm sure even though cleaning upholstery is extra i expect everything besides the upholstery to be wiped clean.. am i wrong ? anyway , i tell him about my concerns he said yes you should 've had the inside cleaned too come on back and we 'll fix it . well i will post pictures and you can see for yourself obviously they went back in and passed a rag here and there but definitely not clean . btw , 1 star because i could n't give 0 !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wanted to cry coming out of the grocery store . a shopping cart hit the side of my door and left a few marks . rafael was so kind to buff them out for me . he did n't even charge me extra on my car wash for it . you guys are the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this car wash they always do a great job on my camry hybrid . i drive all the way from north las vegas to oasis car wash . if you come to this car wash get the car wash called `` the works '' they 'll have you car looking new . they also do minor window repair if you have a crack on your windshield as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always satisfied ! ! everything done by hand and i 'm really particular with how my car is cleaned and they never disappoint . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great price . nice air conditioned waiting area . super fast . cheap . everything i want in a car wash basically !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my 2008 minivan detailed here ... it looks brand new ! ! ! they are not the cheapest but they are the best . make an appointment and allow 4-5 hours ... well worth the wait . i will be back ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they did an excellent job cleaning my rented van ! it had sand , dust and all kinds of dirt caked on to it from doing some off-roading in the desert the day before and these guys handled it like pros ! or should i say they are pros ! i bought the $ 16.95 package and it was well worth it . they hand wash your car vacuum the inside put tire dressing and wipe it down after the wash.they even went in the door jams and all the little nooks and crannies and wiped all the water away . there wasnt a single water spot or trace of dirt anywhere on the car . there are at least 5 guys working on your car so everything gets done right . the car came out looking better then when i picked it up at the rental agency . i think next time im in vegas i might get my car washed here again even if its not dirty cus last time it looked freshly waxed and it was so nice and clean on the inside too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great car wash i always take my truck here , i get `` the works '' car wash and they do a fantastic job every single time it 's worth every penny ! if you want a good wash take your vehicle here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good attention to detail and the price is fair as well . this is my usual stop for oil change and car wash", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a hand wash and hand wax done on my car . the wax job turned out nicely and i was pleased with the work for the price i paid . as with some other reviews of this place , the windshield inspection ( and subsequent attempt to get the customer to do rock chip repairs ) is kind of annoying and seemingly out of place . other than that , the staff was friendly , professional and completed the job quicker than originally promised . i would trust oasis with my `` baby '' again the next time i need a more deep cleaning for my vehicle than what i get from the terrible 's automatic car wash. visit oasis ' website for discount coupons !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for two years now . i have a small compact car and they do a good job with it.only place i 'd go to wash my car . best one is 10th one is free ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't even want to give them that one star . i 've been going there since 11 years . today is the last day i 'll ever step foot in there again . terrible service . had to come home and read do my car after paying $ 25 and a $ 10 tip . my car looks like shit . the manager do n't say one word i do n't even think he speaks english just looks at you . anyways do not recommend anybody going there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my partner and i 's favourite restaurant in edinburgh- best that food we 've had outside of thailand . it 's a small restaurant so book ahead but well worth a visit , good value for the quality on show .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went on tuesday 23rd and was blown away with the quality and taste . it 's the best thai food i 've had this year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the port of siam is always busy , and i certainly would have been more often , were it not for the fact that i 'm rarely organised enough to book a table . this problem is exacerbated by the fact that it 's small . really small . but , this is also a huge plus . with only a few tables and a couple of staff , you get the sense that you 're really being looked after , and that each dish is something special ( rather than one of a number being churned out by a huge kitchen ) . the food itself is excellent . fresh , high quality ingredients are combined in a way that allows the individual flavours to shine through . even the spicier dishes are delicate and quite distinct - there 's no generic thai spice here . seafood seems to be a bit of a speciality - which is fair enough , given the location and style - so fish-lovers will definitely have the best choice . fortunately , that 's me , so it 's the full five stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so we came here unsure what to expect , but we were craving some thai so we went for it . it was great ! reminded us of being back home . the best part is that on the menu it says `` if you do n't see your favorite dish , please ask '' i did just that and both dishes were available to make ! they knock it out for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a fairly new thai in edinburgh but i can say it is probably the best . me and my boyfriend are fast becoming regulars here after being let down in other thai restaurants ( who for some reason have started selling bad chinese food too ) . the port of siam sells really authentic thai food and others who i 've taken there , who have travel around thailand , say that it is as close to the real deal as you will get in the west . located down right at the port of western harbour its a beautiful little restaurant , absolutely perfect for a romantic meal or proper thai feast . perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently my girlfriends an mines favorite place to eat . the menu is great , and changes all the time . as a previous reviewer mentioned the u5 prawns are amazing . its a small place , but thats what makes it special . mind and book before you go . staff very helpful and polite , cant recommend highly enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an absolute wee gem of a place tucked away down in newhaven . we booked early for nine of us and are all still raving about the food ! the u5 prawns are simply sublime however you order them , as are the scallops with black pudding starter . the wine list is small but well thought out and priced very reasonably , the front of house we found very knowledgeable and friendly . i can honestly say this is the finest thai food i have had in the uk . seats are limited , so booking is essential . i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy food , excellent service and a cosy ambiance . great evening out was had by all : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never tried thai before , but i absolutely love thai green curry ! this restaurant is a gem ! we went on a wednesday and it was tapas night iy was amazing , check out the pictures : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just another typical work from home wednesday , and these two random guys show up at my door expecting to inspect my new home ... they claimed to represent simply comfort ( and i actually believe them ) . they claimed i should 've received a letter in the mail informing me of the inspection , which i did not . to the management team at simply comfort : please stop sending these unsolicited home inspectors ! at least have the courtesy of calling to make an appointment . it 's not pleasant especially when your staff does n't seem to take 'no ' for an answer gracefully . who on earth would feel comfortable letting a bunch of strangers into their home for `` home inspections '' ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "with pale pink walls , white built in displays and chandeliers hanging from the ceiling this is my idea of a dream closet dressing room ! i was not expecting this type of interior given the somewhat unassuming exterior . they have a decent amount of clothes and handbags but the majority of the merchandise is jewelry and gifts . i saw several things that i thought would make perfect gifts for friends and my shopping partner found a really cute summer dress . the sales associate was very friendly and helpful , making suggestions but not being pushy at all . i will definitely keep this place in mind for unique gifts and jewelry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the black orchid is located just across the street from the upscale shops at eaton collection , but enter the boutique and you 'll find a fun , bubbly shop filled with accessories and gifts . the boutique is elegantly decorated with small chandeliers and large glass jars of brightly colored candy . everywhere you look there are little gifts or items to examine closer . jewelry ( yes they carry house of harlow ) , shoes ( melissa jellies ! ) , purses , pajamas , belts , clothes and accessories galore . if you 're in search of a gift for a lady friend than this is the perfect place to pick up something fun . i 'll definitely try to stop by whenever i 'm in town !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the black orchid is the perfect place to shop if you 're in the need for a gift for someone , or in the market for accessories for yourself . the store is loaded with a huge variety of jewelry , hair accessories , scarves , hosiery , etc . in addition to the range of merchandise they also feature a nice range of prices ! the people who work there are very nice and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for as much craigslist spamming as they do , you 'd think they would be more responsive . theresa , the director of sales and leasing , was very quick to respond to my online contact form submission . she responded to me with a rehash of the info on their website and to make herself available for an in-person tour . however , she failed to respond to my proposed time for a tour and a price request for their flex suites . it has been almost a week so i 've decided to move on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i moved here approximately four months ago , and could not be happier with my experience . everything works smoothly , phones are answered courteously , i am notified immediately when i have a delivery , clients are greeted in a friendly and professional manner , and the building is very well maintained . there are about 8 different kinds of coffee , fresh ice water with fruit , beautiful flowers in the lobby and so many other touches . the manager , lori , works with her door open so any issue can be brought to her at any time . i was also amazed to arrive at work yesterday around 6:30 am to find she had already been here for a half an hour to make sure that the excessive flooding had not caused any problems at the building ( it had not ) and she had personally laid sandbags around any areas that could possibly be a problem in our 500 year flood ( there were none ) . i could not be happier that i moved my law practice here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these offices are filthy . for the price they want it is definitly not worth it . i went on a tour with the manager jenifer and she was very rude and pushy . it was very chaotic and not a place i will put my office .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came as a walk-in in hopes of seeing a 2 person office , the girl in the front was just plain slow and then she got sassy because her sales director was out and they were scrambling around to find someone to give my partner 's and i a tour . finally , we get someone named i think it was katy or something with a k , she was n't very resourceful and when i asked when we could get pricing they had no answers or clues . even if you do n't have the information , common sense would be to exchange information and follow up with me and she did n't even try . just by the staff i could tell i did n't want anything to do with them . the building and offices themselves are very accommodating and nice , the environment of the lobby was gorgeous , it 's a shame they did n't have the staff to match .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great space , great price . everybody is incredibly accommodating and willing able to help . seems like the quality of tenant they have leasing is high quality businesses and individuals . the gym is perfect and rarely used . having that in the complex is really nice . the main conference room does not get much better for client meeting or board meetings . i have not had a conflict on scheduling .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a very busy company and vision office executive suites is perfect for us . the staff is extremely friendly and helpful . i have had the staff help me with complicated projects as well as something as simple as running copies for me in a pinch . they always responded with a smile ! our office is beautiful , clean and they were even kind enough to offer a few pieces of furniture from their storage to help us out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been an office tenant since february 2006 , and i think the place is great . the staff is very professional and attentive to the tenant 's needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never thought i would see myself and my company in an office building that was less than a high rise office building . we are in the commercial real estate development business and aesthetics , functionality and class `` a '' office space is extremely important to us as a company . the kierland vision executive offices and suites have been a blessing . not just from a company standpoint but for our employees as well . we all appreciate the hard work and extra effort from the administrative and working staff at the property . we were just talking about it this morning that it is a great thing when the lunch room is always stocked with things that you need and always clean and plentiful with water , lemonade , sweet tea , utensils etc . you only appreciate it when those things are n't available to you on a regular daily basis . i would recommend this place as well as theresa laursen joanne sanchez and gemini as an extension of your business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a mixed review : been a tenant here for several years . joanne and genesis at the front desk are super : always friendly and upbeat . sales manager theresa is always looking to improve our experience here . for all of the friendliness of these three , that 's about all i can say that 's positive . i needed some assistance one day recently and neither of the `` regulars '' were at the front . spoke to a gal named jen ( dark haired ) who was so unfriendly , unhelpful and downright rude that i walked away and waited until later for help when she was gone . in my opinion : if you are going to be at the front representing a company , you should probably have some ability to be pleasant..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a fantastic experience . theresa larsen is a great example of what an employee is all about . theresa and the admin staff were absolutely wonderful to work with and the property is beautiful . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "uhm i bought a can of coke ( 355 ml ) and a small generic bottle of apple juice here for $ 4.20 . the bottle of apple juice is exactly the same size as the smaller ones in the dollar store . it was n't organic or anything special . i asked for a receipt to see the price break down , never got one . i will never be back at this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a bad place to have a break in the mall . coffee is a little expensive , but it includes a comfy seat , and wifi . i like this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "timothy 's world coffee is located at the lower level right outside of walmart in scarborough town centre . great place to meet up with your friends or people watching ( i am not sure if the people here are too interesting though ) . pretty spacious with plenty of seating . the most important is the wifi sign always so strong and stable , the best hotspot in the mall !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a friend pick me up a large tea over the weekend , and there was only a single tea bag . seriously only one in a large tea ? could n't even taste the tea . never get anything thing from them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "their cappucino 's excellent paired with freshly baked butter croissant . service is superb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the flavour of the foamed milk atop the cappuccino resembles what i imagine styrofoam would taste like . after mixing the foam to combine it into the drink , it was not as styrofoam-like . i have not tried anything else here but will not be purchasing their cappuccino again unless the company reformulates .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure what it is with their samosas but they 're always so good ! along with their pastry 's . it 's always delicious and fresh tasting , although from working at starbucks , i know they 've been prepared at least a few days ago and out since the morning . the staff are always very friendly , and it reminds me very much of a family run business . i 'm rarely in scarborough , but when i do get a chance , i make sure to take a quick detour to this specific location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought some hardware like hinges and doorknobs , a bunch of base board , 10 custom ordered doors and the casing that goes with it . superior moulding had it delivered right to my shop . i am a contractor and this sure makes it easy for me . i paid over the phone and had my stuff in a couple days . i am not in las vegas , but they were able to ship the products to me very quickly . i already knew what i wanted , so the shopping part was easy . the guys there were easy to work with and friendly . the prices were better than my local stores . i recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad i did n't give up the search for moldings that made me say that is the one . the big box stores have some options but just not enough for me to say yeah that 's what i want through out the whole house ! not only did they have a great variety of different moldings they also had them in different matterials . also had wood flooring , variety of indoor and outdoor doors , i think i remember spindles , and a large variety of handles and knobs . super friendly staff , knowledgeable and happy to assist but also leaves you alone ; just the right amount of attention ! we 've been slacking on the project , but we 'll be back to get started on the trim !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the customer service here is absolutely amazing ! their selection is unbeatable . any time i have come in with an online price or another store 's price , they have matched or beaten it . this store has my vote ! i will definitely return next time i am in need of anything to make my home more beautiful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best in vegas ! roy , brian , bill and team are the best ! excellent selection and customer service ! thank you superior molding of nevada !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice showroom , but if you 're looking for a decent amount of base and case , there are much cheaper places on the west side to get it for less .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "f & f carpet cleaning did a wonderful job on our home ! they were clean , professional , on time and our couch and carpets look fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this company on yelp and i 'm so happy i did ! i have a puppy so i had a few stains . i 've only been in my apartment a few months so it he carpet had been cleaned before i moved in . after frank cleaned me carpets they looked brighter and smelled fresher than when i moved in ! seriously amazing ! frank was really professional and quick . i wo n't be using anyone else to clean my carpets !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had my carpets cleaned earlier today . farhad showed up on time and let me know when he was on his way . the service was fast , professional , and friendly . also , everyone i talked to was very up front about pricing . the price was very competitive and i feel that the work done was well worth it . they do offer scotch guarding for a little extra but i did not feel pushed into any extra . in the end , i did scotch guard one of the rooms that will have a lot more traffic and use . the results were incredible . we are moving into this rental property this week and i feel like the carpets lifted a couple shades in brightness . also , farhad was able to get some tough stains out . i wish i took before and afters . thanks farhad ! we 'll definitely use you guys again if we need to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they arrived on time . did a great job on cleaning the tiles and grout . then they cleaned our carpeting that was very dirty from our two dogs . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pisco sours ! they also have something called the `` plato erotico '' which features a variety of seafood done both ways : ceviche and breaded . a nice pleasant unpretentious restaurant , with lots of character .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was super happy with our meal here . we were looking for south american food , a nice patio that we could tie up the dog we were watching to and some drinks . this place had all of those plus fantastic service . i ordered a lamb dish ( ca n't remember.. sorry ) and the hubster had three tacos . my dish was a ridiculously gigantic plate full of hunks of lamb in some kind of tasty sauce , white beans in their own non-dairy but very creamy looking sauce and a pile of rice . it lasted two meals and it was soupy and delicious . i loved it . the hubster 's tacos hit the spot . i also enjoyed the sangria . service was genuinely friendly and the patio was right on the street , but not too close . the place was relaxed without seeming overly casual . i do n't know why it was so dead on a saturday evening . i 'd like to go back and try some more of their options ( they had peruvian and mexican dishes ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the shrimp soup . the name does n't do justice to the soup . loads of shrimp , some mussels , massive flavours . nice fresh bread with lovely butter and an amazing hot sauce of some sort . excellent lunch !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "second time being here , both times , vey pleasent expirience . delicious food and exellent costumer service . we ordered -antiquchos ( beef heart kebab ) , nice marinared flavor , cooked to perfection . -ceviche of course ! .. nothing beyond but good enougth . -jalea ( fried seafood dish ) . crispy , tasty , generous portion . -sangria it was good , i think a bit pricy . but i really apreciate the fresh fruit on it ! -limonade ummm ! now and making limonade at home every day trying to catch up with the flavor ! -alfajor , my daugther sure enjoyed , im not into sweets , if you are , try it ! the owner chat with all costumers , and is nice with the kids ... i do recomend this place and will visit again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for their potato festival which is not so much all about potatoes but rather a whole lot of food . there was probably 20 dishes available to customers , buffet style . and all were damn good ! my favourite , and thankfully i did n't know what it was at first , was chicken heart . had i known , maybe i would have been turned off , but chicken heart is spectacular ! it tastes like really good , rich , beef . if you like latin food check this place out it 's one of the best .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had the pleasure to visit this place more than five times . it is by far one of my favorite restaurants . the owners manage , run , and cook authentic peruvian food and drink . great pisco sours ! i would recommend the seafood which is fresh and beautifully presented . the jalea and the ceviche are unparalleled .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stumbled across this spot by accident , but hope to return soon ! we went during the tamale festival , so it was a very reasonable $ 25 for a buffet filled with a couple of dozen dishes including amazing ceviche , plantains , porketta , stews and curries , tamales , salads , fruit salad , cookies and a truly tasty flan . the place is n't fancy by any means , but the staff is super friendly and the food was really terrific ... like you were eating peruvian home cooking , just in a restaurant !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent food and even better service . if you want to have an authentic peruvian experience , try this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rebecca is the best ! she has been taking care of my skin for years . several years ago i got up the nerve to have my eyebrows tattooed . they look perfect ! i get so many compliments on them . allot from individuals who have had obvious bad experiences . i finally got my 90 year old mother to get hers done . she had never been so happy . and she is n't easy to please ! go to rebecca , you 'll be so happy you did . she is a very pleasant woman and listens to what you want . she is also a perfections . she provides many services such as hair removal . she is very gentle ! you will love her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great job ! ! ! rebecca did my eyebrows and lash liner 3-4 years ago , and i just had her do my full lips . she took her time and made sure i was completely satisfied . wish i had done it years before !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the best permanent makeup artist ! ! rebecca took her time and made sure i was happy . there is no better feeling than waking up ready to go . came in for a touch up and my eyebrows get better and better each time . brought my mom this time and she loved having her eyebrows done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing , but nothing , beats discovering a spectacular little place completely by accident -- which is how i found chakra 4 for lunch today . i was at the biltmore area my sister 's closet , just for fun , and decided to wander around the shopping center , saw this place , and thought `` hey , this looks quirky . '' it 's so much more than quirky , it 's a perfect vegan tea house . great wood mushroom pizza , tremendous tea list , and exceptional house made healthy chocolates . i 'm so going back often , the warm and healing atmosphere , super smart and friendly ladies on staff , and fantastic food take you totally out of phoenix into a completely better world . do n't miss this place -- it 's vastly better than any of those mega restaurants at biltmore fashion park , and it 's just down camelback road ; perfect for an afternoon shopping pick me up when you 're in that nieghborhood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't rave about chakra 4 enough . i ca n't believe i had to stumble upon this place to find it ! if you 're a vegan , vegetarian , yogi , health nut , tea-lover , or just like great veg food and drinks , this place is for you . i got the chaga tea ( chai , chaga , agave nectar , milk ) ... yum . overall , if you 're in need of a post-yoga tea , or just want a healthy pick-me-up , head to chakra 4 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is hands down the best place to buy jasmine pearls and tea of all kinds . all loose leaf tea ( as the name would suggest ) and incredibly high quality . if you need an additional supplement to fight off a cold , help with your diet , put you to sleep , become focused and alert , detoxify -- you name it -- their blends work . you can also request specific supplements or blends to be made . no other tea brand compares in taste or strength after you 've had loose leaf .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not impressed at all , i arrived at the loose leaf tea market a little after opening time and the doors were locked with no one inside . i understand that people can be late sometimes so i went and got my groceries only to come back and see the shop was still closed . there is nothing more frustrating ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you know what 's sweet ? coming here on a nice day , sitting outside with a friend and drinking tea from chakra 4 herb & tea house . my boyfriend and i ordered go chai and wild blueberry tea . we drank and drank and drank . we also had side gourmet girl scout cookies-but they are n't the highlight . once in a while i stop by and buy an ounce of tea . good stuff . ca n't wait for the weather to cool off a bit so i can come back for more mid-day tea time adventures !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not impressed . my sencha tea which i purchased in november was filled with branches and tasted bitter . service was unfriendly , the gentleman who rang me up barely said a word . i had much higher expectations based on the other reviews here , but i will not be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we , too , discovered this place by accident . the staff was very helpful , they have every herb you can imagine for cooking , healing , eating , etc . their tea list is two menus long , including a big section of red and non-caffeinated teas ( for me ! ) . i had a red tea with coconut and pineapple ( think pina colada , hot tea style ! yum ) their salads looked delish on the menu , but we were n't hungry enough to eat . will definitely be back to try the food , and if nothing else , hang out for more tea . they do `` to go '' as well for their tea , so instead of stopping at starbucks , this would be much tastier ( and healthier ) . the atmosphere is very relaxing , there is outside seating as well . it very much felt like we were in another country ... which was a nice surprise ! we will go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff here is really knowledgable when it comes to tea concoctions and paring them or hand mixing them to cater specifically to what you need . they also recommended a clay powder for bug bites that worked amazingly . their food is also outstanding and original . they lose one star for over charging for a small vial of amber oil .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great ! next time you need tea , definitely give this place a try and skip the crappy tea 's at whole foods . it 's inside the plaza next to pizzeria bianco : ) the tea is great and organic . one of the owners is also an herbalist and makes lots of amazing detox teas if that is something you are in to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very chill place . a little hard to find but has great tea ! and everything is very natural and healthy ! may be a bit expensive but i think its worth it : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my joyful tea : ) it has a hint of vanilla that please my taste buds and is very pretty to steep . i make my teas in a small glass pot so my husband and i can watch the ingredients come to life . it has become a social and healthy choice of drink in my home . https : youtu.be 6n_7drgeh2k", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i normally am not a big fan of vegetables , but this place was amazing . so sad that they closed the restaurant . i was impressed how much tea i got for such a low price . the staff was very attentive and had a large variety of add ins so people can sweeten their tea to their liking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a hidden gem ! they had everything i was looking for and the lady that helped me was very friendly and knowledgeable . i will definitely come here for any future herbal , essential oil , or crystal needs . they had some yummy looking goodies in the cafe as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this place while in a desperate search for iced tea- it was 115 degrees and not a starbucks in sight . this place is now officially my favorite place for tea . the staff were extremely friendly and their selection of teas is hard to beat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . i truly ca n't say enough about chakra 4 . i recently found out i am stage iv cancer . we stopped by so i could eat an organic meal at sage and not only was it fantastic , but i discovered this gem called chakra 4 . not only was justin a fountain of information , i purchased teas and herbs that will help my condition . i feel great and il will be back each week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love chakra 4 ! we have been spoiled by previous staff that were there for years ! unfortunately they are no longer there . the owner and i actually attended sister schools . i only wish the store had more space its hard to take everything in when there 's not much room and everyone is stepping on each other . we are excited to check out the new store in ahwatukee ! super blessed to have this available and recommend to everyone to try natural remedies and herbs for anything you could imagine !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love coming here ! knowledgable staff , great selection of herbs for anything and everything you can think of in pretty much any form . ive been in a couple of times and every time always have a million questions . they are always happy to answer any and all i have . super reasonable pricing as well ! ! you guys rock , thank you for all you do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to enjoy going to this store when it was chakra 4 . they always had great teas , herbs and oils . i stopped going as i moved away and town & country shopping center went through changes . my daughter is very into loose leaf tea and this is her favorite store . her birthday was coming up so i decided to go get her a gift certificate . i was happy to see that not much other than the bame had changed . they still have a lovely store filled with teas , herbs and other tea inspired items . the salesperson was very helpful and got me set up with a gift card which the daughter loves . i was glad that it gave me a chance to go back to a terrific store i had n't been to for a long time . it was a very pleasant trip down memory lane .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice spot , knowledgeable staff . the prices are good for loose leaf tea . i really enjoy this is a local arizona business . they asked what i like in a tea and listened . i got a special tea made for me ! ! this time i got a lovely green tea with rose pedals and spearmint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent service . staff is very knowledgeable in recommending a tea and actually listens to what flavors and taste you mention . i 've been here 3 times and have never left disappointed . they have other items besides teas such as sage , capsules , tea kettles , etc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've bought bentonite clay from them and tea 's . i called up asking about makko powder they sale it and also gave me more details about the actual powder name it self . great people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were heading to trader joes and ran into this gem . we had the 3 dip appetizer and and each had our own different tea . everything was great and the staff was extremely knowledgeable and friendly . the smell of all the herbs and food when you walk in is enough to make you want to give it a chance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service service service . it 's all about service . five stars over and over again . you do n't have to be a tea connoisseur or aficionado to appreciate excellent non judgemental genuine service from wonderful people . this place , has none of the corporate bull manufactured artificial feel and that alone gives then five stars in my books . the staff is knowledgeable without being snooty or condescending and take time to walk you through what you want abd help you understand the differences and nuances and make an informed decision . the food 's divine , the tea choices are excellent and i ca n't stop thinking about going back . it 's been a while since i got fall in love with a place like this . i just wished it was closer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very helpful and informative to our needs . made us feel very welcomed with open arms . will become a regular . thank you for the dried herbs and wonderful conversation and information .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to the chandler location on may 7th and man i was excited on the variety of loose teas and spices they offer in addition to other natural holistic items . the prices we very good considering loose tea etc . i will defintly be visiting again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice selection of bulk herbs . pretty pricey but if you need something that is challenging to find elsewhere this is a good place to look . they have a restaurant and chocolates available too . it 's a nice atmosphere and in a nice location , near trader joe 's , banks , stores and a local farmer 's market sets up in the parking lot on certain days each week too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's okay . it has some useful items and their prices are okay . their selection of confectionery items like candy and such is n't there . they have a fairly decent craft section though and it will definitely be a place i check out for things like knitting needles , yarn and other craft supplies . their toys , just cheap low quality plastic stuff . stationary items not bad either and they actually sell some pretty nice journals . the downside though is they charge $ 0.25 for debit transactions under $ 5 . i understand why that charge is in place but they loose points for it . its worth checking out but not a place i 'll frequent .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not as busy as a dollarama but still limited with their inventory.. but overall my first choice place to go to as their customer service is great", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited this property and had an amazing tour by ladies in office . the property is still undergoing construction , however the finishes are amazing and great location . shopping a few other places , but the is absolutely at top of my list .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been living here at the vue since january and could not be happier ! the apartments are beautiful and completely worth the price ! you pay for what you get and at the vue you get a brand new , never lived in apartment with stainless steel appliances , dark cabinets , built in shelfs , gorgeous hardwoods and more ! ! sure it would be nice if the amenties were done but there is a great pool and hot tub while they complete construction . and the best part of the vue is the office ! ! ! brian and misha are unbelievably helpful and kind ! ! its actually enjoyable when dealing with the office here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been living here for a while and i am very impressed and happy with bryan . he 's been helping me with my contact renewal and he has been very helpful in every way . he has responded with emails and phone calls promptly . he is definitely a great asset to this apartment complex and is always friendly and willing to help . he has made this new community a home away from home for all of people who recently moved here . thank you bryan for all of your help ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the most beautiful and gorgeous communities i 've seen yet ! brand new and the location is great , i love the centennial hills area , it 's the best . near by a lot of shopping and amazing restaurants . the office staff is always friendly and they take great care of their residents . the maintenance staff is great as well . cant wait for the rest of this community is built !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff but way over priced and will nickel and dime you on whatever they can . they charge an extra $ 50 a month for amenities that they do n't even have yet . you 'd think the overpriced rent would pay for those amenities .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good afternoon , i visited complex with my daughter and was pleased to see unit . we were provided pricing and specials . i definetly agree that residents should not be charged for amenties that are not complete . it isnt fair that they are not able to enjoy full amenities . we didnt see any grills on property ? there should be an adjustment until it is complete . office needs to work on answering and returning calls , it shouldnt take 3 days for a call back . other than the construction that is still going on , complex looks under control during the day .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent prices , good friendly service , not too fast for loading but a good trip ... i came , i saw , i got a load of metal ... i got good service and they selection is excellent here for my steel needs ... this was my first trip here and many more to come . i was happy at how nicely they banded my load together for easy transport ! not sure what else to say ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the lines at the cash register are never under 30 minutes long so make sure to clear your schedule , even more so if you have pieces cut in the back . the isles in the store are small and making turns with their inefficient blue carts when you have an item that 's 10 feet long is practically impossible . the staff is also unable or unwilling to help you with questions .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "many negatives here : 1 ) prices are very high , unless you have a huge account and special pricing they are not competitive with other metal sellers in the area . 2 ) they are not locally owned this is a corporate store with headquarters in ca . if you want to shop locally go to american metals much better prices and customer service . 3 ) customer service is non existent . i 'm guessing this is because everyone hates their jobs because upper management is a bunch of a-holes and this is reflected down to the customer . 4 ) the computer system they use to ring up sales is soooo slow , i ca n't believe they are still using a system where you have to type for two minutes to enter in one product . the most basic retail system would be better than this , 5 ) always long lines ( see above ) 6 ) takes forever to get a order filled in the warehouse there are 20 idiots with hardhats driving forklifts around but for some reason it take an hour to get one piece of metal cut .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is amazing , filled with fun ideas and metal galore . really friendly and helpful assistance from the front desk . if your full-time metal worker or just getting into copper this place have what you need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an issue when i went to buy the bronze i needed for a foundry class . because i had to travel from flagstaff to phoenix , i called to make sure they had what i needed , and told them i would be in in about 2 and a half hours to pick up a 15 lb ingot . when i got there , i was dismayed to learn that they had sold every last bit of bronze they had ! i was upset , but after speaking with a manager , they completely fixed my problem . they shipped me an ingot from their tucson store at no additional cost , and it got to me very quickly . everyone was pleasant and eager to help me . i am completely satisfied , and i highly recommend this business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried beef stew . bleh ! there was no beef in it . they claim they used ox tail instead . anyways , it was a bowl of broth with noodles ( that tasted just so-so ) , and no meat , just pieces of cartilage or some connective tissues . i had to go buy something else after lunch at this place cause i was still hungry . avoid !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got the crossing-the-bridge noodle soup \u9999\u8fa3\u904e\u6a4b\u7c73\u7dda , after seeing another table having their noodle bowl prepared in front of them and asking the staff what they ordered . it was an entertaining experience . soup had a lot of flavor , and they bring you a cart full of various condiments including preserved vegetables , garlic , hot chili , msg , and so on . so if the flavor is n't enough , you have a lot of options available . the bowls are very hot , so avoid burning yourself . while they do not warn you in advance , please exercise caution and or common sense . it 's pretty good for $ 11.90 10 % off if you pay cash . they 've also got a yelp check-in special for a side of chilled noodles .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the interior decor is really artistic and the cutlery are very cute . menu is different from most restaurant and u can tell that alot of thoughts were put into the design . the owner and staff are really nice and knows what to recommend for those firstcomers . i had tried most of their menu items and i enjoyed them all . the only thing i would recommend on changing is the portion size for the appetizers . its a great lunch choice for those working nearby and if u just want a place to kick back n relax with some nice tea . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i saw pictures from this place on instagram , i was super excited to try this place . the dish i got , pork hock noodles , was photogenic indeed ... but not memorable . my bf and i were intrigued by this place before the visit since it is different from other restaurants around this area . turns out ... it did not measure up to our expectation . slow service although the place did n't have many customers . ok food ... wish they were more generous about protein . way too much noodles compared to meat . and yes , the cart with condiments ... . the waitress did not even mention about it . we were n't sure if we were supposed to go grab the cart on our own ... again bad service . overall , overpriced food , bad service , cute atmosphere , though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the origination rice noodles tasted light , and decently authentic from yunnan , although the noodles were thicker than typical . was kinda cool to see the entire tray of toppings brought out before the noodles , which the server added to a clay pot of boiling soup , one by one , and naming each thing as he went . the service is pretty good . attentive servers , who were also funny and polite . bonus - got a free cold noodle dish for checking in on yelp . a great way to finish the meal , as the noodles were flavourful and light , to cool down after downing a bowl of spicy hot soup .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly the biggest assault on the palate . it was scarily salty . added water to my beef broth and was still inedible . what was disappointing , even more so , was their lack of customer service . my boyfriend and i went into a small quaint restaurant expecting a nice edible lunch to what turned out to be an overdose of sodium and lack of any distinguishable flavours . the noodles itself was passable and nothing spectacular ; the lack of protein was well noted , even when i paid extra for added pork hocks , among other additions . we enjoyed their over-priced taiwanese sausage dish . the side cart of condiments was a nice touch but was not a redeeming factor . this restaurant was definitely a regretful choice as i spent over $ 18 on my portion alone and the meal was anything but cheap or worthy of its price tag . i would 've rather spend that money on macdonald 's in this case . i would not even entertain the thoughts of returning , no way-no how .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for a chinatown restaurant , they had above average service ( the waitresses were attentive and nice ) and all the cutleries were in sets ( no broken edges on their bowls and plates either ) . the food tasted good , impressive load of condiments and nice presentation of the food as well . would go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff seemed nice and friendly and the ambience was alright . however , the food was really disappointing in comparison . their signature dish origination yunnan rice noodle supposedly should have a really tasty and aromatic broth . and my expectation was amped up even more when the waiter encouraged me to drink more of the broth when this dish was served . the broth , altogether with the rice noodle dish turned out to be over salty and lacked complexity . the real bummer was the beef shank slice appitizer : a total waste of $ 6.50 . a handful of really small and thin slices , some five spice powder and two types of sauce was all there was to this dish . the beef was totally bland if you do n't dip them in the sauce and tasted medicore even with sauce . and for the price , you really expect at least twice the amount of beef , especially when the restaurant serving it is surrounded by cheap yet good value eats in chinatown . stay far far away . i would choose $ 19.99 ayce hotpot next door over this any day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a friend recommended this place to me . i forgot which chinese province the noodles dishes originate from , but they provided a good change of pace from typical chinese restaurants . the broths are quite complex and have unique flavours to them . a lot more pickled ingredients than the average place . during your meal , they provide a cart which contains a variety of delicious condiments . each dish was only between $ 9 - 11 which is very reasonable . good portion sizes as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered solely on other reviews . pictures looked great and it is basically the only place that delivers ramen . should 've known ... we were pretty disappointed . broth was salty and noodles were worse then that served from a package . only reason they get 1 star is because it was delivered by door dash - awesome delivery service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i can not believe this place only got 3 stars on yelp when it deserves 10 ! ! ! this is my absolute favourite yunnan style rice noodle in toronto ! it 's authentic ( verified by my friend from yunnan ) , packed with favours and the noodles are always perfectly cooked . i come here 2 times a week on average for lunch & dinner . it 's also very decently priced for the amount of food you get . my favourites by far are the original yunnan rice noodle ( with soup ) , and the tofu rice noodle ( no soup ) . they recently added some dessert options which are also amazing ( try the mango one ) . i also suggest staying away from the tom yum noodle - personally i felt that the soup was way too strong but not in the right way . other than that i love this place and will continue to visit every week ! highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some good yunnan noodles here for cheap . located centrally in chinatown , this place provides great asian comfort food . i usually get the customized noodles ( you can pick everything you want in your bowl up to the broth ) but a lot of people opt for the cutie pot . regardless , i do n't think you can go wrong here . they also steer additional toppings such as scallions , garlic and hot sauce once your noodles are ready .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "condiment cart is so key . i 'm a big fan of adding the sichuan pepper oil to the broth , especially if you 're a lover of spicy food . it makes a huge difference with the signature soup noodle dish i ordered . huge . to finish your meal on a sweet note , i 'd opt for the white fungus dessert . skip bubble lu - it is simply coconut milk with clumps of sago and sweet croutons ( ? ) atop of the mixture . i was lured in by the name 's novelty ... but it 's nothing special . service is friendly and attentive . big plus for serving warm water in these wintry months .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there was alot of heart and effort put into the interior and great selection of music played as background and ambience music . the concept is interesting like a hotpot concept with the food served . however , the proportions of the food seems too large with the noodles and insufficient toppings . there was alot of base soup . i ordered the tom yum with rice noodles and the tom yum has a bland taste ... although i would return to try out a clear base fish broth soup just for comparison . the staff was friendly . what i liked at the end was a small portion of melon cubes fruits was served . serves as a refresher to your taste palate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stumbled into this restaurant when visiting toronto and loved it . really kind staff who walked us ( the only non asian people there ) through the menu , including a really intricate tea ceremony . we are vegetarians and while there was only one vegetarian noodle dish , it was delicious and we got some vegetarian appetizers to supplement . all the food was great , and really different from the chinese food we are used to because it 's from south china . the place is also really cute , with great decor and fun music . would definitely recommend as a great unique spot in chinatown .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came on a groupon , our expectation was low due to the medicore review on yelp . however we were pleasantly surprised . the food was good ! i ordered the tom yum rice noodle and my husband ordered the beef ramen . both were delicious . i was also impressed by the condiment cart which they wheeled to our table so we can put whatever toppings we want on our noodles . i would definitely come back again to try the other noodles on the menu . to the people that gave low ratings on yelp and complained about service ... it 's chinatown , what do you expect ? if you want impeccable service , go to a fancy restaurant with the fancy price tag to match . i 'm perfectly happy to pour my own water . overall , i think the prices here are very reasonable . even better if you came here on a groupon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "almost every entree here involves red meat . i ordered the shrimp and i got exactly three , although they 're good-sized . the noodles are quite unique and the interior is really nice , air-conditioned , and served with a smile . there were as many non-chinese as there were chinese , when i was there , so i worried about it being like a fusion restaurant , which i dislike and am glad orgination is n't . the portion issue seems to be a common complaint , and i hope they fix it . the noodles are delicious , again , but i do n't want that to be my main course , despite the relatively cheap menu .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "located in the heart of chinatown , origination is by far the most memorable i had during my three days visiting toronto . the waitresses can all speak english ; do n't worry about communication issues ! the menu is pretty diverse but they have a cute map that recommends dishes for you . when you order noodles , they bring out a huge tray of pork , fish , chicken , and various vegetables . then when your noodle broth arrives in a hot pot , they pour all the ingredients into the pot in front of you . there 's also a cart of different spices that you can add yourself . great taste for the value and i wish i could go back and try more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved the food , the people , the place , and kung fu tea , woah ! the food was healthy , not greasy , and does n't have msg , perfect . also , vegetarian friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will come back again ! we have tried the original flavour , it was so good ! no msg plus the soup was bey nice", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is ok , but the place is not very clean . the cup is not washed , there are sticky stains on the outside of the cup ( possibly coke ) and the table is not very clean neither .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "origination gave me a feeling of home although i 'm not from yunnan . been there twice so far , i really enjoyed their decoration , their service , and even their music . i had the pork hock rice noodle and one of the spicy cross bridge rice noodle . they 're both very delicious . i really like taste of yunnan , but i think origination has the better cross bridge noodles . the cross bridge noodles do seem a little pricey , but they have some cheaper options as well . i believe i 'll go back and try one of their cold noodles soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a saturday night pros -good service - family style ambiance - well priced cons - food was average", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cutepot beef was excellent , really tasty.. waitress could n't have been nicer . save 10 % if you pay cash ( sorry govt ! ) . want to go back.. temperature wise , hottest soup ever ! long wait to eat it : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "more like a 3.5 . came here for dinner with a friend and ordered the rice noodle with beef . it came in a cute pot , and portion of beef was decent . noodles were cooked well , not too soggy and overall the whole dish was tasty . nothing exceptional , but still tasty . i do really appreciate the thoughtfulness of the restaurant though . i remember on the table there was a decision chart to help you decide on a dish to order . i do hope to return to try one of their more interesting dishes teas though like their tofu rice noodle . if you have a chinese noodle craving on a cold winter day , definitely give origination a try !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mediocre food . luke warm service . uncomfortable ikea chairs and furnishings . reminds me of eating at a friend 's apartment back in my college days . terrible dessert . wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after trying a few other yunnan style noodle , we decided to give place another try and since then , we are hooked ! first , do not forget to check in to get your free mini cold noodle because that dish is delicious , especially for the summer ! the waitresses tend to forget and charge you for it so do remind them ! their cross bridge noodles are amazing , with a very clear broth with no additives ( you can taste the difference ! ) and a generous variety of toppings . portions are very generous and could feed two not very hungry people . we also enjoy their diy noodles ( which are cheaper ) where they let you choose two toppings and a soup base and add in the rice rice noodle ( just be careful to understand what soup base taste like what or else you might have a very disappointing experience like i did in my previous review ... ) portions here again are huge . overall , this place has become our our go to for some soupy rice noodles .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "is it me or does the customer service suck ? i 've worked as a bank teller before and we always did what we could to expediate the lines and cater to the customers . this place seems like the opposite . i 've waited on line for 15 minutes when there were three people in front of me . i 'm sorry , but that is just ridiciulous .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i know a lot of people hate bofa , but i have banked with them since i was 16 and worked at disneyland . i like the phone app , the online access and the guarantees they have for identity theft etc . recently my card number was stolen and the theif ran up huge bills with online stores - i was n't held liable for any of the charges and they credited everything back with in days . this location is very convenient , they have drive up tellers , drive up atm , walk up atm and a full banking center inside . i did my address update in person here and they were very efficient and professional .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "typical boa branch set up near south park mall . it 's located at the corner of fairview and barclay downs so there is a traffic light to help you turn left and then into the parking lot . ample enough parking spaces and the building is shaped like a pie wedge so it makes for an interesting entrance ( at the tip ) . a walk up atm is located at the front for 24hr access as well as a drive thru atm . i 've never seen anyone use the teller windows ( drive through ) , but they may be phasing those out as the tellers are being replaced by machines .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "any `` kill '' shelter is going to get bad publicity but until i started volunteering as a foster , i had no idea what this place did for animals . they take in every stray animal you can imagine from raccoons to even horses . strays often take extensive rehab and cmpd takes great care in getting these animals ready to be adopted . from behavior issues to health issues cmpd works hard to get these animals ready . as you walk the adoption kennels you will notice labels on them about whether they are house broken , crate trained ect . each dog is carefully reviewed before they are deemed adoption ready . they have an extensive network of fosters who work with the dogs until they are healthy enough or adapted enough for adoption . ( they always need more volunteers . ) if you are looking to adopt a pet or for volunteer opportunities , this is a great organization to work with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please help get the word out about this shelter ! ! ! they deleted my friend 's post from facebook so , i 'm hitting every other site i can . my friend 's dog got out of their yard on saturday 8 10 13 . the family posted fliers and checked with them daily . sadly , her collar came off and was found across the road . the family found out the shelter got the dog 08 13 13 . instead of waiting the 3 days they euthanized her immediately saying `` we thought she was 11 ( old ) '' . she was 3 years old and a happy friendly dog . regardless the dog should have been held ! ! ! the family was checking in every day . the family including 4 year old daughter is devastated . they should be held accountable ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my son and i adopted a pit bull shepherd mix a year ago from this facility , we had a great experience with everyone at the facility , we love our dog his name is zuko", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is not a no-kill shelter . do n't bring your pets here if you are unable to care for them !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i found dr esposito to be very thorough and he gave an excellent eye exam . the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better . the improvement is at least partially due to the supplements i got from dr e ! the office was on top of reminding me of my appointment thru email and text . bill was able to help with choosing the best new frames for me and the entire process was very efficient . i strongly recommend advanced eyecare .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the doctor was fine , the front office he had was incompetent . they gave me the wrong contact sample and i was on my way out of town before i notice it looked wrong and then wanted me to return it before i left . they charged an incorrect amout and badgered me constantly about the remaining disputed amount of just over $ 100.00 but they never did provide me with information regarding my final prescription i ended up going to another eye doctor to get one . the staff failed to follow through on my service and not once ever followed through about getting me a prescription but badgered me about a mere 100.00 yet not once asked about my eye how the sample contact was or offered a prescription the admin tarnished my experience at this practice as the first and main point of contact in any office . in addition to the problems in the above , the admin was consistently disrespectful and condescending . i would be reluctant to recommend this office to anyone because of the front office .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dr. esposito and his staff at advanced eyecare & vision therapy have shown me every courtesy and kindness as they 've helped me with my vision needs . i am going through my vision therapy now and have been very pleased with the results . when i found dr. esposito , i found gold in arizona !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in on friday the 13th for a small tattoo with my friend . we saw the flash sheet with a bunch of 1 '' x1 '' pieces . my friend simply asked `` what size ? '' and the jackass behind the counter says `` that size . you 're not gon na get a sleeve for 13 bucks . '' real snippy like . i do n't even yelp like this , but this cat just cost himself current and potential future business . as an organization with an upcoming `` grand opening , '' one would think they would be a little nicer . especially when there are only 2 customers waiting for service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i loved my experience at chosen art ! the staff was friendly and location was very clean . jason was able to make me feel at ease and did such a great job on my tattoo . i know i will be getting my next tattoo from him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dined in . pretty clean floor needed sweeping . bathroom was ok . i wanted 4 original wings they had to substitute 2 crispy wings because they had no more original . one of the original wings was so small it look like it was just the tip . crispy was too crispy . they only gave us 3 ketchup packs for 3 orders of taters . the potpie has no crust on the sides or the bottom , and not enough chicken in it , but it was hot and tasty . the lady that took the order was friendly and polite , she got the order of 4 correct .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just needed a quick bite to eat , we did n't make it inside but the associate working the drive thru may have been having a bad day , she did n't say much to us and at the window when we asked for ketchup she seemed annoyed . the food was `` meh '' ... the chicken was warm ... but the worse part was the cold potato wedges ... ugh in my opinion this is one of the best items at kfc ! those yummy seasoned potato wedges complete the meal ! but cold potatoes whether fries , or wedges are just plain gross ! so that was very disappointing ! not the best experience i 've ever had !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible experience every time i go . the drive thru employees are always so rude ! today the lady got a attitude bc she asked me for 3 cent instead of breaking my cash i gave her . she was like take the dollar back . handed me my food then slammed the door without saying anything .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "whoever it was that was working drive thru was literally the sweetest of souls . i literally did n't want to pull out of the parking lot without giving a shout out . it 's always nice to be treated with respect and smiles are definitely contagious . the food is good and hot . the order is right . everything is what it 's suppose to be and more ! excellent customer service . i will go out of my way next time i want kfc all bc the precious lady in the drive thru ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sushi is good here . however ! the owners have lots of unwritten rules . for example i had a $ 2 off coupon for the entire food court and they told me it ca n't be used for end of day sale prices unless it 's above $ 12 ... . i 've also bought a sushi box that was end of day sale for $ 6 . when i noticed i did n't get miso soup and i asked about it . the cashier said its only free for items above $ 7 ... man these people are weird . like the soup prob cost them nothing . i would suggest they have these policies written clearly somewhere . but i swear they make them up as they go .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the healthier food options at the mall i suppose . i usually get the vegetarian roll which includes 6 pieces for $ 4.99 . their selection is pretty good , and they serve ramen and udon as well . not the cheapest around and their sushi is just okay , the rice is kinda hard and tasteless sometimes . however , i would not recommend buying anything with salmon in it as it did not taste fresh at all . the staff are always friendly so that 's a plus .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was n't expecting good quality sushi because it 's food court but the fact that the salmon was so fishy and that it gave me a stomach ache and listen , ok ? everyone who has had their fair share of sushi has had bad sushi and it has two endings ; they both lead to the bathroom and theyre not good endings either . the salmon was so disgusting to eat because not only was it fishy , it had bones in it . alright . this is a joke for food court food . i honestly feel offended for markville 's food court that such a beautiful and nice mall has landed with a crappy sushi joint . why not mac sushi guys ? ? ? at least they know how to handle seafood 10x better than sq and theyre also a food court sushi business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really did n't expect much going in and got about what i expected . if you 're in the mall and get a craving for rolls it 's an ok option but no reason to go out of your way for it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a pretty large selection , and my order came with a complimentary miso soup which was cool . was n't cheap or anything , but decently-priced , like what you 'd expect . i liked how they had one tray of sushi made with brown rice instead of white rice , but wish there was more also made of brown rice . will come again next time if i am in the mall looking for sushi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in markville today and decided to try sushi q. i guess my standards for sushi are a bit high because this was total garbage . i got a multi pack with miso soup and it came up to just under $ 12 . the rolls were cold and tasteless . i did n't even finish it . i ended up getting a combo from taco bell that was more satisfying and tasteful compared to what i got at sushi q .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we came here 10 minutes before the mall closed , hoping to get a good deal on sushi ! they had a sign saying 30 % off , but when we got closer , the lady told us buy one get one free , so 50 % off . we picked two different trays , but both around $ 12.5 each . at the register , we asked her for a miso soup , and she was glad to give us a bowl . end of the day specials are the norm standard for these sushi stores , so this deal was n't a surprise , but the `` service '' really stood out - she was really helpful and friendly , much more than your average place . sushi itself was standard , food-court quality , not too great , but satisfied decently . ingredients seemed fresh , and the quality was definitely below what you would expect at a sushi restaurant . it was an okay deal for 50 % off , but otherwise , i would n't buy this sushi during peak store hours .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ein muss f\u00fcr alle , die massivholzm\u00f6bel lieben - und sie sich leisten k\u00f6nnen . alle anderen k\u00f6nnen trotzdem durch den wirklich sch\u00f6nen laden schlendern , tr\u00e4umen und sich anregungen holen . auch toll : die zahlreichen aktionen , die hier stattfinden . und wenn man dann sein letztes geld zusammengekratzt hat und sich tats\u00e4chlich ein m\u00f6belst\u00fcck von firnhaber kauft ? dann lernt man den perfekten service kennen . eine tadellose beratung , bei der man auf jeden fall auch nach preisnachl\u00e4ssen fragen sollte . wir haben uns hier einen kleiderschrank gekauft und bekamen rabatt und eine kommode g\u00fcnstiger dazu . es ist noch viel luft beim preis , also ein freundliches gesicht aufsetzen und handeln ! und sp\u00e4ter dann : punktgenaue lieferung und ein einwandfreier aufbauservice . nur f\u00fcr abbauen und abtransport beim umzug verlangt der firnhaber ein bisschen zu viel f\u00fcr unseren geschmack , weshalb wir uns dann selbst daran gewagt haben , den schrank auf- und abzubauen . es ging . aber die profis k\u00f6nnen 's schneller und besser . ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "team7 nur f\u00fcr gut gekleidete und situierte mitmenschen ? wir waren dort und stellten fest , dass wir anscheinend nicht ins kundenschema passen . die dame am empfang war sehr freundlich , die beratung der \u00e4lteren dame dann so schnodderig , dass wir uns mehrmals verwundert angeschaut haben . wir interessieren uns f\u00fcr einen ausziehbaren tisch von team7 . dabei ratterte sie uns nur die preise aus dem katalog herunter eine produktvorstellung wie z.b . das ausziehen des vorhandenen modells etc . brachte sie nicht zustande . ich hatte immer den eindruck , dass die dame dachte , dass wir uns das nicht leisten k\u00f6nnen . desshalb die schlechte bewertung .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "willkommen im bereich der hochwertigen und hochpreisigen m\u00f6bel . traut euch ruhig in normaler kleidung da rein . aber passt auf , dass ihr nicht sehr arm wieder herauskommt . man hat dort n\u00e4mlich traumhaft sch\u00f6ne m\u00f6bel aus naturmaterialien , an denen man bestimmt sehr lange sehr viel freude haben wird . wenn man also zu der zielgruppe geh\u00f6rt , die lieber nur alle 30 jahre eine einrichtung kauft , dann ist auch otto normalverdiener hier durchaus richtig . die beratung ist - ich kann es nicht anders beschreiben - hingebungsvoll . leider fanden wir stilm\u00e4\u00dfig nichts was zu unserer restlichen einrichtung passte . ein gl\u00fcck f\u00fcr unsere finanzen und sicher pech f\u00fcr unseren flur . wieder kein neuer dielenschrank ... ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kelly is not only professional , she is easy going and no bs . her work speaks for itself and the process is made much easier since she creates a very comfortable environment . plush blankets with a fluffy pillow ! im in the process of changing from volume lashes to a hybrid mix of classic and volume and not only is she flexible but tells me up front what to expect . i feel super lucky to have found this gem in markham : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommended ! kelly is super professional and her lashes are amazing . i look forward to get my lashes filled to be greeted with her warm smile and her comfortable , relaxing environment . i get so many compliments on my lashes saying how natural they look . awesome work kelly ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kelly is amazing . i had never gotten lashes done before and she was so patient and worked with me . she went above and beyond to make me feel comfortable and happy . you can make last minute appointments and she 's always available to ask questions ! thank you for making this such an amazing experience ! i 'll be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time getting lashes done ever and i 'm glad i found kelly ! a couple of my friends had already been seeing kelly and highly recommended her . kelly was absolutely amazing and made me feel very comfortable . i 'm so glad that i found my go-to person ! i 'm truly in love with my lashes ! thank you kelly : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got back from having my lashes done by kelly and i ca n't help but stare at myself every two minutes in the mirror ( vain , i know ! lol ) . they are that amazing ! one of my girlfriends in markham recommended her to me when i was looking for someone to do my lashes , and even though i live all the way downtown toronto , she swore to me it would be worth the drive . i could n't agree more ! kelly was so gentle and efficient at what she does , i fell asleep and was snoring a couple times . before i knew it , she was done and i was so pleasantly surprised to see my tired eyes come to life . i did a hybrid set with her which is , i think a mix of classic lashes and volume lashes if i remember correctly . i love them so much ! thank you kelly and ca n't wait to see you for my refill", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got my lashes done for the first time this week and i 'm glad i found kelly to be the one to give me my first hybrid set ! her prices are definitely fair for the quality and time she puts into her work . she 's also an incredibly lovely and professional person , you 'll feel comfortable and at ease around her - we basically chatted through the whole 2 hours while doing my lashes . my lashes were perfect and i absolutely adore them , if you 're looking for someone to do your lash extensions in markham i definitely recommend kelly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good food . owner is very passionate about his menu . he 's usually at the front cash , talk to him and you will understand .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid , fast pad thai . never had anything else but the pad thai is a good meal . if you do n't believe me , feel free to buy me one and see if i do n't eat it . i dare you . double dare .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast and friendly service ! best food for a good price value ! our go to place for asian food cravings !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing pad thai . it 's my new favourite spot . food is quick and taste amazing . never had to wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meredith at glisten up is absolutely amazing ! ! i could not be more pleased with the complete experience i received ! ! i wanted to get microblading so bad but was beyond nervous because i had none ! from the second i walked in the door , i felt at ease . the suite is clean and cute : ) meredith explained the process in detail and was very thorough throughout the entire process . i am extremely pleased with the entire experience ! i absolutely love , love , love my eyebrows ! i would recommend meredith at glisten up to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used the services at glisten up on several occasions and i 'm very pleased . i highly recommend visiting meredith for all your skin care needs . i 've had microblading done with her and several skin care treatments ( chemical peels and multiple facials ) . my brows look fantastic and my skin is the best it 's been in a long time . looking forward to getting a spray tan from her for future special occasions . i 'll definitely be back on a regular basis . plus , meredith is fun and professional and makes you feel very comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meredith is wonderful ! i 've been coming to her for several months now and my skin has n't looked this great in decades ! each time i leave i feel relaxed and highly satisfied . she is very knowledgeable and thorough ! not to mention her products smell amazing ! i ca n't wait to get my microblading done ! i highly recommend glisten up ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved my first spray tan ! meredith made me feel comfortable and the result was great . i 'll be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best by far in az , i went to see meredith who is not only professional but personable and educated . my eyebrows look amazing as well as my baby soft skin .. thank you for making me look fabulous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is huge and has the ability to be great , but i was not impressed when i had a mani pedi . first of all , their shellac colors were too limited . i almost did n't go through with the process because of their color choices . i went with hooker red because nothing else appealed to me . then , the chairs worsened my experience ! you can not provide the service and have your clients sit on sub par chairs ! it was like college dorm furniture , not a salon . i was so uncomfortable ! it was beyond weird . the girl that did my mani pedi was fantastic . i would love to see her again , but i do n't think i would return there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the last time i went in here it was not a good experience . i told the girl i wanted to go back to my natural color ( dark brown ) . my hair was currently highlighted blonde . when i told her i wanted it to be dark brown again , she said that would be too dark ... i was pretty insulted by that considering that 's my natural color . anyway she said she would dye it dark but not to be shocked when she was done . well when she rinsed it she also dried it for me so i could see the color . it was exactly the same color i went in with ... its like she did nothing at all . she said sorry but that 's it . still had to pay the full bill and no one even offered to re-dye it ... definitely not going back ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my lovely girl friend , sons and i get our hair cared for at a lily shay . i really like the way alishia styles my hair ( very conservative ) and my son evan loves his trendy style from alyssa . my wife has her hair colored , styled and more . she love alyssa and has been following her for years . they have a very large facility and am excited to see how they grow . their team is always friendly . their prices are very reasonable and scheduling convenient . it 's so nice to find a comfortable , friendly atmosphere where we can relax and get pampered by really nice folks . they make all of us feel special .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in here today to get my dogs nails trimmed . ordinarily that would not be an event but my dog hates having her nails clipped - to the point that she will snap at someone . the people were so nice here and it was a lot less traumatic for my dog than it has been in the past . they do grooming and sitting services as well . it 's kind of tucked away behind the sonic at bell and reems so you might miss it if you do n't know where to look . the prices seemed quite reasonable and the place was clean . i 'd recommend it , give it a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love shauna 's ! the prices are great , shauna is really nice and my dog has a good time playing there . shauna is very knowledgeable and you can tell that she loves animals . if i had even the slightest notion that my dog was n't being cared for , i would n't go there . it 's too bad someone had a negative experience , but i 've been here many times and have always seen the dogs in their care happy . i have sent many friends to shauna 's and am glad that she 's so close by . i highly recommend ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just adopted the cutest dog who was shaved due to matting but they left all the fur on his chin , giving him one of those cheesy goatees that creepy guys have . even though the location is n't the closest to me , i brought him to shauna 's because she had excellent reviews online . it was almost closing time but she was very accommodating . she did n't use sedatives or yell at my dog . i think the previous reviewer was harsh on the business as a whole because of one disgruntled employee ( who no longer works at shauna 's ) . she did an excellent job and since it was a quick trim , she did n't even charge me and just asked for donations to the rescue . i could tell how much she loves dogs from the way she interacted with my dog and the other pets there . the place is clean and it was great how my dog could socialize with others . i 'll definitely be bringing my dog here for his grooming !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love shauna 's doggy day care ! it 's close to home , and her hours are convenient . and she offers half day services which are quite useful when you just need to run a few errands but do n't want a crazy puppy on your hands when you get home ! she has supplies , but we have n't bought anything yet , although we plan too . also offers grooming service , which we have n't used either , but will in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a disagreement with my husband on s pick up time for our dog , we were shocked to find out shawna called the poodle rescue to come and take our dog after a grooming . she never called to tell us she had done such a horrible thing and we called the shop and went to the shop only to find it locked up and no phone calls being answered . she finally called to tell us she did this after we contacted the police . we got our dog back with no explanation from shawna . stay clear of this place . a friend had her dogs ' ear cut in half and found it days later to have been crazy glued back on with a mass infection . they were never told this incident had happened . in all fairness , our incident occurred over a year ago but felt it necessary to post now due to continued complaints from people about their service . just want to keep all dogs safe !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we take our little shiht zu and she does a great job grooming him . he is an older dog and has moles and bumps on his skin she is careful not to cut them and also they are priced reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is no longer there . too bad , our family liked it a lot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had been shopping there regularly for scallops . i recommended them to a family member who purchased ocean perch to make for father 's day . the perch was cut so poorly that it was inedible due to bones . when i attempted to contact them to let them know and see if we could exchange it no one returned my call . when visiting the stand they will remind you several times of how superior their product is to other seafood vendors . their assurredness of a superior product should then be backed up with superior customer service . i will no longer patronize this stand .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "kate 's is my normal market go-to place , but i have always had good stuff from here . i 've found them to be a particularly good option for great lakes species like walleye and perch . your mileage may vary , but mine 's been good here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply the best ! my son just started here this week and he absolutely loves it . when we drop him off in the morning he runs in and waves goodbye to me . they are very clean and take wonderful care of my child . all the teachers are caring and sweet and knowledgable . samantha at the front desk is the best she takes care of everything and is perfect at listening and fixing any problems or concerns . everyday i pick my child up and he is well feed , clean , and happy . and they do n't just watch my child they are a leaning center and tech him manners and cleanliness , numbers , letters and so much more . this is the best place in las vegas hands down", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is very professional and take pride in the care of the kids . the food service is extremely helpful so you 're not worried about packing a lunch and snack only to forget it on those mornings when your rushing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good preschool and close to my house . i really like how it 's walking distance considering i do n't have a car . my son really enjoyed attending the school.the director samantha is really a sweet girl . a lady named michelle works there and seems to know a lot about kids and is very friendly . she always greets and has a smile on her face . that makes me feel comfortable . they took my son to school and picked him up and were never late or forgetful to get him . i would recommend this daycare . the only con is that i wish they were open on weekends , most daycares in vegas are n't though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was this first time i had been to this hot sauce store . this store is small and is located in the bazaar shops at bally 's . i did n't buy anything as i was just `` window '' shopping , but will definitely will be back to try out some of their stuff . there was so many different kinds..from mild to stuff that looked like it would burn anyone 's insides out ! ! being a person that loves spicy stuff , i 'll be buying stuff more on the hotter side . no one greeted me or even said hello . did n't look like they were very busy either . just sitting at there . will do an update review when i actually buy and deal with the staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "perfect spot for all you heat lovers ! ! how can you go wrong with hot sauce from all around the world and good customer service . things are labeled according to heat level and it makes navigating all of the hot sauces a breeze . do n't be afraid to ask questions and take your time to view all items before purchasing . only downside , it would be nice for them to offer samples ... ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would seriously avoid this particular kfc . last time i went i got a chicken sandwich ( not sure what type exactly ) but the chicken was tough and slightly grey colored . it tasted off . it 's like it was recooked several times and was awful . just absolutely nasty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh boi rozay see me walkin in da building wit da kfc and he say he want more and i aint got moar so dont hang wit rozay if you got kfc", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is delicious ! ! ! ! although they missed an item on an order ... ... it 's a very clean enviroment aswell . sometimes it has its ups and downs but overall a very good resteraunt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such a great environment.staff was very helpful , and seem like they knew what they were talking about.i purchased juice and they sat there and made me try everything.love the lemon cheesecake they have there totally yummy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is terrible . as soon as i walk in didnt get greeted till i was in the back of the store . hard to know who is working in that place ! some guy walks up to me asking what i needed and said some juice . he replies that he doesnt work here and walks to the stockroom ! like what the actually fuck lol there was another person that walks up to me and ask what do i need and i replied again saying i needed some juice . then he just said `` fasho '' and walks away ... i was done with this place . they dont know the meaning of customer service . if you want to be in a store filled with fuck boys sitting around talking about snapchat then by all means go ahead lol . # ripvaporhouse2016", "score": "1"}
{"review": "time and time again , prince comes through with the goods , knowledge and expertise to ensure , you , the customer are leaving with products and know how to safely use your purchased goods ! not only does he and everyone else provide a welcoming atmosphere but also produces his own line of juice ! he is the maker of euphoria e-juices , ecstasy being my personal go to ! if you 're new or a well seasoned veteran when it comes to vaping make sure you peep vapor house lv if not for some great products at least to tell them hello ! hope you guys have an awesome 2015 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has everything i need . they have awesome prices that you ca n't beat and the customer service is top notch . ask for darrel and he will take care of you . thanks vapor house will come back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did n't buy anything today , but it was my first time here and we were greeted immediately upon walking in . darrell , ( i believe that 's what his name was ? ) was very nice & patient , and he helped me try out flavors and recommended one that he thought i would like . i will definitely try and come back next week to give it a try . i must admit that upon walking in , it looked empty until i was actually in the store and i liked it . my favorite thing was their shelves . i know it sounds strange but it was really unique and caught my attention . ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fav go-to shop ! main reasons : great juice selection , a variety of hardware at reasonable prices , and ( above all ) awesome customer service from prince ! he really listens to what the customer wants , i 'm very picky with my juices , so he 'd go the extra mile into finding my daily juice for me ( selfie sunday ! ! ! ) . also he took the time to explain everything there is to know about a certain product for maximum satisfaction ( : thanks again prince ! p.s ladies he 's single lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jjust an update ... have n't smoked or bought a pack of cigarettes in 10 days , thanks to vape house . that 's like 50 bucks i just saved . best choice i 've ever made in my life ( except for continuing on remaining sober ) . it feels awesome to say that i do n't smoke when someone asks me for a cigarette .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come to this place all the time for my vaping needs came in as a vape noob and now blowing clouds with the big boys hah prince is the coolest dude help you with all ya need do n't be afraid to ask questions he will answer them for you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great shop ! prices are good and carry well known 1:1 clones . the juices are top shelf and you can test everything before you buy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best price in town ! good selection of juices . the young kid that works there is very nice and knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prince got me and my girl both set up with killer deals i got a dove with a buster mod all tricked out and my girl got a sigelei 30w box with the kanger subtank for the best prices i have seen online or in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prince knows his stuff , he 's helped me from the beginning of my vapor experience . he took the time to fit me with the right set up even let me try his personal set up . the shop also has huge selection of juices . fruit loops is on point , it will keep you coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . lovely staff . they really know how to take care of you and make you feel comfortable . would difinitely recommend to anyone in vegas especially thoes who are by the unlv campus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome a friend introduced me to the shop and then the guy that works there hook me up and he knew exactly what he was talking about.the shop has very friendly service and they have some of the best flavors that you can find . i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prince hooks me up all the time ! really good juice selection . always going here from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prince my man ! great customer service ! got that snowwolf turbo set up today with his help . i visited the store after having lunch next door at aloha kitchen . i just wanted to check out the juices they had which was a pretty good selection . beware their sales on juice are pretty hot ! we started to talk about different setups and i was sold on a new box mod ! he set up my coils also . as a visitor from los angeles , i would for sure come here again ! do n't forget to check in ! to get that yelp special ! `` saturday sales bro ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is really great ! super close to where i live . they have different products than most vape places ( brand wise ) . awesome juices ! i bought a really cool cartomizer there too ! i would totally recommend this place . check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would like to retract my last review . jason really took care of me . got my nimbus from there at a great price . i got ta say i 'm truly impressed with the customer service . great prices and a great lineup of mods , rba 's among other things . jason and richard gets 2 thumbs up from me . thanks again and nice to meet you bro . do n't forget to ask grand vapor for a top cap on the private v2 for me . lol . go and check this place out i 'm sure jason will take care of you . so far.. not impressed.. says they 're open til 6 today . stopped by exactly 5:30 and they 're doors were locked . no signs saying why they closed early . i was looking forward to buying a nimbus today too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are cool . a lot of good stock and super friendly . got a new tank no issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot ! great staff ! very knowledgeable about their product and extremely helpful with nay questions or problems . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming to vapor house for almost a year now and i wo n't go anywhere else . prince is awesome and always hooks me up . he is very fair and honest in the way he does business with customers . the store is clean and has some awesome vibes . there are usually other patrons there that stop by and hangout . i never feel rushed along when i stop in and want too try a new juice . definitely would recommend this place for all your vaping needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prince always holds it down with the best flavors and prices . has everything you need from a beginning vapor , to expert level stuff . close to unlv and plenty of parking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection , good prices ! was looking for a sub ohm tank setup and they hooked it up . would definitely recommend . thanks john", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super clean shop . prince is super helpful and knows what he is talking about . the selection on juices are super great . there 's a bunch of juice that i can have an all day vape on . first time i walked into the shop i knew i would be back to purchase more items . probably the best prices in vegas . check them out ! the prices are probably the best deal that you 're gon na get on all your mech mods , regulated boxes , batteries , liquids , anything you can name .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite shop to visit . they 're all incredibly friendly , and are always willing to help with any problems that arise . their selection of batteries and mods range from beginner setups all the way to high-end mechanicals and everything in between !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome staff . very helpful and patient for those who are new to the vap culture . i went last night and my roommate won a mod for free in a sick raffle where a ton of stuff was given away as we watched mayweather cruise to another victory . got all the juice you want . the owner jason is almost always there and willing to help with whatever you need !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only vape shop i go to ! reasonable prices and great flavors of juice . i have already bought four mods , all from this shop . the asian guy with the man bun really knows his stuff ! he 's the only one working every day but he gives great customer service . also reasonable with his prices . highly recommended ! i even made a yelp account just so i can give this vape shop a great review .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely my favorite vape shop . i started vaping a few months ago and now i have become a regular at vapor house . it is filled with great people , great service , and awesome flavors . i suggest anyone who is just starting or anyone who wants to start vaping to come here to start off .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shop is right by my work , decided to drop in on my lunch . clean store , nice selection of rda 's , mods , rba 's , and good selection of juices . the staff is really friendly , when i came in was n't planning on buying anything but decided to pick up a flavor . definitely will be back once payday comes around . worth stopping by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give 0 stars if i could i 've came in twice both time they only became friendly and attentive when i was going to the expensive stuff not that there is much of that they did n't even give me a second glance and they were empty . i will not be coming again even though this is the closest one to me . it 's not worth your time", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hands down one of the best vape shops in las vegas ! prince , the store manager , was very helpful and knowledgable about the products he is selling . has a nice variety of premium juices are on sale here and also his house juice is top notch . i recommend trance ( house juice ) which is a creamy honeydew and also any of the juices in the okami line which are all bomb ! overall , a friendly environment that does n't judge you if you do n't know your shit . also , the people that hangout in the shop are chill and laid back . i highly recommend this place to new people that are trying to get into vaping and also for the veterans of vaping . all are welcome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome shop for tons of vaping needs great juice selection , great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called ahead the same day to make sure they would be open when i got out of work christmas eve . i was assured they would be open until 8 but i arrived at 6:30 pm to find them closed . i really needed this since the kit i ordered forgot batteries . it is totally going to ruin my christmas and has really turned me off from coming back to a place that either does n't know their own holiday hours or does n't care enough to stay until the time that they knew a customer was coming in . edit 01 03 16 : my boyfriend talked me into giving them another shot and i definitely do n't regret it . they know their stuff and have helped us a lot -- and even apologized to him . they even let us exchange a bottle when it was a little too strong for him .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "vaporhouselv is great . everyone is very kind . all products is top quality . ask for mosu . he took very good care of me . i 'll definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in to get some e liquid i 'm from out of town i 'm from maui hawaii the shop was nice and stocked also the guys in this shop was really nice and willing to help i recommend vapor house lv for all your vape needs", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great restaurant they over load the plates and reasonably priced my only problem is the restaurant freezes up when someone opens the door it would of been 5 stars otherwise", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great lamb gyro . awesome english speaking waiter . the gyro was the best testing i have ever had . meat was so good it felt like i was demeaning it putting it in a sandwich . my only knock is the size . i could have had two and i like lettuce on mine . the french fries are cool but i would n't have missed them if they were n't there . if when i go back to montreal , cone is a definite stop . sooo tasty . they know what their doing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dinner saturday night with 2 other friends . the place was full but the staff was very accommodating and they setup a table in just a few minutes . we ordered the meat platter for 4 people . it came with chicken , pork , and lamb gyro slices , greek sausage , home fries , lots of salade and a couple of dipping sauces . the lamb and chicken gyro was not very good . the chicken was tasteless , the lamb was over cooked and had a very heavy lamb smell which usually indicates that it was not fresh . on the other hand the sausage and pork were very good . lots of people are raving about the lamb , unfortunately i did n't have a good experience and my sister which had dined there a month earlier agrees with me . we did have a very nice evening thanks to the friendly staff . thank you irene and voula , you guys are great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got their delivery flyer from a local grocery store in the area and figured i would try it as local spots like elatos and village greque have always been good to us . my girlfriend liked the lamb gyro but my chicken pita was quite undercooked , the psilokomeni salad was overly salted and uneadable because of it and the `` potatoes '' were simply french fries . when we called to tell them my pita was undercooked she defended the fact that they just cook their meat and no more as to avoid drying it out , we 'll let me tell you that it was taken off the grill far too early and i 'm quite sure the souvlaki chicken is frozen chicken as well . i 'll stick with my elatos souvlaki as they are always spot on : )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "overall a pretty good experience , it is worth going if you are in the area . the gyros have french fries in then which i was not expecting , but they turned out to be pretty good . not that much to say really though . the water tasted kinda funky , but that could just be the local tap . service was pretty good but they were n't many others in the restaurant when i was there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "le personnels est tr\u00e8s gentil ! on a essay\u00e9 les gyros au poulet , tres bon , bcp de poulet mais manque un peu de sauce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a person with asperger 's and non24 circadian rhythm disorder , this business is a dream come true . i got ridiculously excited when i saw their sign . no human interaction ! 24 hours - i can do business at 3 am ! i welcome the glorious future when we get all of our goods from robots , lockers , and atms . the app works great and everything has been fast and easy so far . they are clear upfront about their pricing . my items were pressed well . it 's nice that they provide you a bag to hold and drop off your items in . the one downside is that it costs me twice as much to dry clean through this service , compared with the more traditional two buck cleaners i was using before . but since i do n't dry clean that often , maybe about 10 items total all year for the whole household , it 's not a huge deal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is an incredible dry cleaning company . i 've been using the one across town for over a year . i really like that i can drop off my dry cleaning anytime i want , not interact with anyone and get them returned to where i dropped them off where i can pick them up at a time of my choosing . if i could give them more stars i would ... try this out and you 'll be hooked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we put our bag in the locker and text mint locker to come get it . then they text us throughout the cleaning process and notify us when it 's ready . it does n't get any easier . this service is very affordable and convenient as well as extremely high quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time customer and our clothes look great ! i was looking into other dry cleaners around the sw than our usual place because we needed quicker turn around time . usually , i expect 2-3 days where i used to go but i needed faster turn around time . used to being the operative words . i had no idea there was a mint locker so close to me- so i gave it a try- and i wo n't look back . 3 things : our clothes look perfect , i paid less than i would have at my old place and i received my clothes back in record time . i dropped off our bunch in a locker @ 11am tuesday and picked up everything at 6:30 pm wednesday . so convenient , good quality service so far , and really a genius idea . only advise is , sign up for the app and create a log-in update your payment info before arriving for the most convenient experience possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dropped my comforter off after being told it could n't be cleaned somewhere else and to my surprise it was cleaned . this place is cool because you just drop off your clothes in a locker and set up and account , and someone contacts you via text when your items are ready , easy enough ! will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome dry cleaning company ! i put my suit ( blazer and pants ) inside one of the lockers over there and after 1 business day my clothes were ready . i recieved a text message that told me it 's ready to pick it up . i went over there to pick it up , and the clothes were there , smells good and look very clean and on top of that i recieved a mint candy . the process of mint locker it 's easy and convenient , they are open 24 7 , quick dry cleaning and even comfortable one . this is my first time that i used dry clean in vegas and it 's definitely not my last time . highly recommended to you all ! ps the price is affordable to anyone and i believe that if you 'll choose and try mint locker you wo n't try something alse .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came across this company online while looking for a good dry cleaner in the area . it peaked my interests because their ( reasonable ) prices were completely available online and they were available for drop off 24 7 . it was late . i was able to download the app and sign up in less than 10 minutes . in another 10 minutes , i was at the 24 hour drop off . it was very easy . seemed almost too easy . the process was fast as well . they texted and e-mailed me every step of the way . my favorite dress and coat were back to me sooner than i thought . turn around says online that it takes 1-2 days . it had only taken about 24 hours total . they gave my two pieces back fresh in a reusable garment bag . i had such a great experience that i 'm sold . will be using mint locker again for sure , and telling all my friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great company . incredible customer service . you can drop off any time and the return is so quick . i emailed to see if it would be possible to expedite . i got an email back right away with an offer to fix the clasps on my pants at a great price . i will never use another company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a dress dropped off to have dry cleaned . i honestly did not think the dirt would come out of the bottom of the dress . i 'm totally impressed ! my dress looks brand new ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love vintage ! the downside is that it can get pretty pricey at the normal shops i go to . the prices here were unbelievable . i could n't believe my eyes . vintage that 's actually affordable ! i was so thrilled . they have tons of adorable household items , accessories , clothing , and shoes . the only bad thing i have to say is that there are n't very many choices in clothing for small girls like myself . i am very petite and it seemed that almost all of the clothing was medium and up . i was only able to find one shirt in my size . that 's the only reason i 'm knocking down a star . if they carried smaller clothing i would frequent it more . for now i will have to keep on visiting my normal vintage store that has more size variety . i guess i will have to get lucky when i visit here but price wise and quality , this is the store to come to . totally awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "glam factory is def a go to for great things vintage . variety of time periods available and everything 's always clean and bo free ! ! stephanie is also one of the nicest business owners in town . she 's knowledgable about her pieces and understands that good vintage does n't have to cost an arm and a leg . if you 're lucky enough to stop by when the pups are working the shop make sure to get your squeezes in . i do n't think i 've left this shop without buying something i could n't leave behind . clothing , accessories and home goods !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place for funky retro vintage in vegas , hands down ! stephanie , the owner , is kind , outgoing and incredibly friendly . she has a good eye for fashion and always has something new and interesting in the store to show you . if she gets to know your style , taste and size you 'll be all set . although the store carries a variety of vintage ( at very reasonable prices ) , if you prefer 50s 60s 70s those are the decades you 'll find in abundance here . have clothes you want to trade ? bring it in ! stephanie does buy from the public . i would recommend calling in beforehand to make sure she 's in and has room in the store to buy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved glam factory vintage ... they 're telling the truth , stephanie 's customer service was top notch . we played dress ups for quite a long time in the store , conversed like old buddies and i ended up buying my vintage tina turner style 80 's sequinned number to get 'married ' in a vegas drive through from here . i left with three unique items , my 'hubby ' two and our friend a longing to go back when she was a bit more flush to pick up something special for herself . it was a great little shop with a lot to offer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is what a vintage boutique should be everywhere : awesome selection , reasonable prices ( $ 15-40 for most pieces ) and a friendly approachable owner . stephanie had a gaggle of 60s hawaiian couture and i snagged a complete outfit for $ 30 . i will definitely visit every time i go to vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best vintage shop in las vegas ! stephanie and her amazing shop ignited my passion for vintage clothing . each time i go there are new items that i want ! she has a great eye and endless knowledge on vintage style and fashion . i love that she always has a pretty good selection of vintage pieces for us curvy gals . stellar location and always rockin during first friday . i will be a life long customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a cute vintage shop ! great customer service , affordable prices . unique finds !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking to shop local and for a unique gift ? we headed to downtown las vegas ' glam factory . nestled in the arts district , this vibrant shop is more than yellow and orange paint from the outside . the interior is warm , inviting and charming . we found a beautifully beaded purse and silk flowered lavender hat . the ideas are limitless . boots , shoes , hats , accessories , dresses galore , and plenty of vintage items to adorn an abode . come in search of something precious . come to shop local . come to walk down memory lane . come and enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our first stop every time we are in town . people do make the difference , and stephanie is the best there is . knowledgable , helpful , always on the look out for what we are interested in . her shop always , always has the coolest impossible to find items , and the prices could not be more fair . as good as it can possibly get - please never change ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to glam factory vintage for about a year or so now and i can honestly say that this is the best spot to find vintage clothing in all of vegas ! her prices are reasonable , the clothes are to die for , and stephanie just makes it an all around wonderful experience : - ) : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! first of all , it 's filled with great authentic vintage for women and men at very reasonable prices . the owner , stephanie is so nice . just bought a mink hat for $ 20 and she threw in a satin headband as a `` gift '' ! every time i go there i leave with something i love and use all the time . an added bonus is the store 's mascot , frank -- a super friendly little pug ! not to be missed if u are in vegas ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped by this store during first friday and was absolutely delighted . there was a great assortment of cute vintage clothing at reasonable prices , along with cute household kitsch . i ended up getting a set of pretty drinking glasses , and i 'm definitely going to come back at a time when it 's less busy to browse through the hats and jewelry . one of the highlights of the store was the owner 's pet pug snoozing away on the counter . not sure if that 's a regular thing or just a first friday thing , but she was absolutely precious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this shop looking for thrift shops in the area . it is not what i was expecting , but there were tons of great vintage selections all around the store . the owner was extremely friendly , even referring me to other 2nd hand stores in the area . thanks for that ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow how much fun this place is ! i was immediately greeted by frank the adorable pug and the owner stephanie . she welcomed me and we chatted about vintage fashions and how she hand selects every piece that comes in her store . i was there to browse more than buy something specific but if you 're looking for that vintage period piece glam factory will have it . from costume jewelry to purses to hats to complete outfits her selection of everything vintage is amazing and the prices are very reasonable . they had a nice selection of fashion for men too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! stephanie has an amazing collection and even knows the history and background of the items , i heard her tell a story about the previous owner to a potential buyer , it was quite cool ! i found two super cool schlitz memorabilia pieces here ; amaze balls ! ! plaid friday ... .. i 'll be waiting for her bus in sd ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highest quality clothing for best possible prices ! best shopping experience ever . owner was an absolute sweetheart .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "glam factory is the end all be all for vintage clothing shoes accessories in mint condition in las vegas . stephanie , the proprietor is a true professional who is well-versed and the real deal . if you do n't see what you are looking for , - just as her and will try to accommodate you . i purchased a lovely purple wool coat and she gifted me a purple scarf . i also love that she is a fellow scooterist and guardian owner of brachycephalic doggies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love stopping by this adorable boutique - it 's amazing the variety of clothing , accessories and knick knacks that owner stephanie assembles and showcases in her shop . her eye for genuine style is dead-on , and somehow i 've managed never to walk out empty-handed , even when i 've been seeking very specific looks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved shopping here yesterday ! the owner is a doll , her coworker is an adorable pup , and the clothes are killer . i will definitely visit this fun little shop the next time i 'm in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! seriously the cutest little shop with the best vintage clothing and handbags , prices are reasonable and they have a pretty big variety of vintage clothing . i found the cutest hand made crop top made from vintage material . the racks of clothes were full and there was a perfect variety of vintage clothing for both men and women . definitely going back for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing little boutique . stephanie is an absolute doll . she knows so much about history and each piece she sells . it was a pleasure working with her . highly recommend her store for any occasion or even just to include a unique piece of history into your wardrobe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! the owner is a delight to talk to and she knows her vegas history and where every piece has come in from . every item is also in pristine condition and she takes great care in preparing everything . definitely a must visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to get vintage for both men and women . lots of hard to find things , very affordable and ever changing . i go when i am in town and i send people here often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing place and best proprietress ever . she picked the perfect dress for me . it is rare as a large lady to get service and finds in vintage shops . will visit anytime i am in lv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough wonderful things about this shop ! insane selection of vintage clothing from the 1940's-70s and kitschy doo-dads at great prices . expect to spend a good amount of time looking through the racks ... you wo n't be disappointed . the store itself is lively and colorful inside and out . : ) steph , the owner , is kind , very knowledgeable , helpful , and makes for great conversation ! whether you 're shopping for viva , burning man , edc , or for your own personal collection , glam factory is the bee 's knees !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sweetest puppy and ladies made me feel so welcome , and the selection was fantastic in all sizes . the prices were absolutely incredible . if you only visit one place , visit this lovely shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love losing myself for a few hours in the history and the fabulousness of everything in this store . true 50 's styles from rockabilly to madmen style say dresses - check . vintage 80 's - check . vegas showgirl costumes and headresses - check . incredible selection of handbags from beaded to pillbox to butterfly - check . amazing staff who live the lifestyle - check . it 's super fun and you wo n't leave empty handed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a very cute store ! ! we were just perusing , but ended up buying a cute hand warmer for our daughter . if you are into dressing up , this is your store . meet mr . beans and black jack if you can . they are so adorable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my child needed some of 70s clothes for camp . so we did some research and found this place . easy to get to .. owner super nice and super cute dog . loved one dress and a few other things . just a little exspensive . . which is the only reason it got 4 instead of 5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you go to las vegas and you 're not a gambler , google vintage , thrift and antique stores for a day of shopping ! that 's how we happened upon this store and it was the best one of the day ! ! ! that area of vegas has many stores , so map out your route and taxi down there ! the clothes in stephanie 's store are awesome ! we bought 10 dresses in the mod style for our daughters vintage store here in pittsburgh and she was thrilled ! the showgirls of the '60 's and '70 's had excellent taste in their everyday wear ! i kept 1 dress for myself and it 's adorable ! the other stores in that area have so many mid century furniture classics too ! i wanted to spend another day down there but my husband would n't do 2 days in a row ! i ca n't wait to go back to las vegas ! ( i ca n't believe i said that ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ! just an overall great vintage shop . one of the best selections i have come across in a long time . and perfectly priced at any budget ! a great gem in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so very glad i discovered this spot . owner is amazingly sweet , and really makes you feel welcome rummaging through her found treasures ! it 's going to take some time , because there is quit a bit of inventory . if you 're patient enough , i guarantee you 'll find something lovely just for you ! all sourced in fabulous las vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small but uniquely stocked store . has a small selection of men 's suits and button ups and polos along with a small section of hats . the women 's clothing consisted of long dresses and tea length dresses from several different eras . customer service was great . we were offered a beer for free on our way out . note that if you pay in cash you do n't have to pay suave taxes ( as in most places in the arts district ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously the best vintage store i 've been to from california to boston . the owner stephanie and her 3 darling pugs are a delight ! the store is well organized and the prices are great . stop by and visit her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "glam factory vintage is one of the best boutiques in vegas ! stephanie is friendly , approachable and knowledgeable about all things vintage . her prices are reasonable and the selection is amazing . it 's off the beaten path but well worth a visit ! this was our first visit to her shop and we will definitely visit again the next time we 're in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love vintage . this shop is vintage and you do n't know what you will find . it is tiny , but cute . stephanie and her mom will make it work for you . sizes are a challenge for a sz10 girl but what you see is what you get . got ta go often . very unique also the little house is just too adorable . truly a vintage boutique . prices are moderate in my opinion . not `` thrift '' so do n't get it twisted .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite vintage clothing store in las vegas . i 'm never disappointed and i always walk out with at least 3 items or more . a true gem , a desert rose ... . always the first place i go shopping when i get to vegas . see you next year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cook does the speciality one by one = tooooooo slow ... the fried food taste wierd ... and the food is generally tasteless ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "angelo changes his menu daily so you 'll never be bored . he makes everything himself , so it 's fresh daily . get there early because some items are so popular they sell out ! my favorite is taco tuesday , great taco salad for only $ 5 . i work in the building and our staff frequently gets breakfast and lunch at mel 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is just a little food stand with a couple tables in an office building downtown . the other reviews on yelp drew us in as it was close to our hotel . we got there late for a friday breakfast , around 10:30 , so they were out of croissants . no biggie as they had been busy but get there early if you want your pick of menu items . we had two fried egg sandwiches , one a english muffin and one on a bagel and both were wonderful ! our son had their pancake and sausage special which was just okay . the pancakes were good but a bit dense for our taste . the owners could n't have been friendlier . i 'd would for sure stop for a quick bite again and would probably try lunch as their italian hoagies looked delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried this place for breakfast , was tired of my usual spots and i had read some pretty good reviews . i had their loaded omelette , with sausage bacon , peppers , onions , potatoes and mushrooms ... the bacon was burnt to a complete crisp and the potatoes were definitely old . price wise i got what i paid for , only $ 4.25 but i was n't impressed with the omelette . i 'll probably be skipping this on my daily breakfast menu ... le sigh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i used to live a few block 's from mel 's and would stop by regularly on my way to work . it is a great place to stop for a delicious omelet for breakfast and he does lunch too . good food , good conversation , great guy . just tell him what you like ( or do n't ) and he 'll make you something delicious to suit . or try the daily special . he wo n't let you down . p.s . i highly recommend the banana walnut bread .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place . i work on the eighth floor and i come down almost every day . while only open until two , i know that i can get coffee , soda or an amazing chicken quesadilla anytime . fridays are 'pancake fridays ' , he always has fresh , homemade banana nut bread , and the clam chowder is to die for . i will sincerely miss coming here when our office moves at the end of the month . he accepts card and cash , but there is a small minimum purchase for cards . there are also a few tables available to sit down and eat if you 're not too keen on heading back to the office just yet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time in cleveland , and the folks at mel 's made it feel like home . simple , good food at a reasonable cost served to you by awesome people", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect little shop to grab a quick sandwich from . inexpensive and fresh . had a breakfast sandwich with turkey on a bagel and enjoyed every bite . good quality . friendly service . hidden gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "check it out ! angelo and beth will whip up a great breakfast for you in this eclectic spot . small serving area in the lobby of an historic building . you might get one of the few tables or just grab and go . fun place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner is so nice ! continued conversation for the entire breakfast . great food and wonderful service . stop in ! it 's worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food , friendly service at a great price . make sure you try the fried egg sandwich for breakfast ! also , the potatoes are delicious ! this place was very convenient for me , as it 's located at the confluence of w. 9th street , w. huron , and w. superior . small restaurant , big taste !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little caf\u00e9 , with sandwiches , egg sandwiches , etc . good food , nice guy and very inexpensive . do n't expect much in seating department but when you need lunch or breakfast cheap this is the place . awesome building , caf\u00e9 in lobby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "much smaller than my wife and i expected but they made some great food ! check out the pictures !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mel 's cafe is a little spot a few minutes away from first energy stadium and the rock and roll hall of fame . it 's a great place to grab a bite if you 're waiting for the hall to open or just enjoying a visit to cleveland which , by the way , is a pretty cool place . the food is n't fancy but it is tasty and prepared with pride of craft . i had an excellent sausage and egg sandwich . my wife and daughter had omelettes with various toppings which they thoroughly enjoyed . mel 's is the kind of place where you get treated like a regular even if it 's your first visit . the place is tiny and the other customers appeared to be locals who worked nearby , which we took as a really good sign . working people do n't go back for bad food . the owner is salt of the earth and the food is tasty . if you are in cleveland on a tight budget and you want some good food mel 's is a great choice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by after walking by the sign everyday on my commute . food was fantasic and reasonably price , a rare find in the warehouse district . i had a breakfast sandwich and it was to die for . the egg , cheese , bread and of course the bacon melded together to form a wonderful breakfast treat . it 's definitely going to become a part of my morning routine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place to have your work lunch and share a nice talk with great people ! ! dont miss the pressed italian ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we found this place on yelp . it was really good - in the lobby of a building going through some renovation . the kielbasa scrambled eggs were excellent and rounded out nicely with a bit of mustard .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was looking to grab lunch after attending a meeting downtown and mel 's was the perfect choice . i ordered the hot turkey reuben which was delicious . the sandwich came with a choice of sides and i got the potato salad which was also great ! as others have mentioned this is a food stand in an office building but there are a couple of tables if you 'd like to sit . thank you for the tasty lunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed a quick breakfast close to my hotel before a conference , and yelp only had one listing within a mile . little did i know the surprise i was in for ! mel 's is tucked away in the converted foyer of what appears to be a closed business , but boy do they make the space work . armed with only a griddle and toaster , they served me one of the best egg sandwiches i 've ever eaten ... for three dollars . i wound up eating a second because i was hungry , but had to change my meat choice because i had eaten the last of the ham , and they are using hyper-fresh meats from a local deli . the chef owner apologized , which was more than acceptable since the turkey version was just as delicious . the only criticism i have is seating ( they have two small tables for a total of four seats available ) , but that is most likely a legal issue as i ca n't imagine that the rated occupancy of that tiny foyer is much more than that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love mel 's caf\u00e9 ... especially taco salad tuesday ! ! ! ! i look forward to lunch everyday at mel 's caf\u00e9 . angelo , ( the owner ) always has good food with great prices . he will never disappoint ! we are a tenant in the building and having angelo here , has been the best thing that has ever happened to the building ! ! i like his side kick , beth too . we love to talk about our dogs every day ! ! : ) - angelo and beth will put a smile on your face and great tasting , always fresh food , in your stomach !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the corned beef ruben and husband had the blt both were really good and served with potato salad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great bike shop . my son has decided he loves to bike and so we went to 3 bike shops before finding this gem . nice prices for an entry level biker ( or a bike collector , great vitage bikes , or a serious biker might find something , but since we are new at this , well ... that 's all i can review ) . the guy that worked there ( not the owner ) was sooo nice ! he worked with my son on how to change gears and he hooked us up with a new seat . after a weekend of more biking than i have done in 10 years , i am going to head back and get my son 's bike fixed ( he crashed ) , look into a bike helmut and a new bike for the hubby ! : - ) i really liked this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i swung by after the recent yve b c i have n't been here for a few years - amazing how things look the same after all this time . the reason i did an update is because i wanted to note that this place has a pretty wide selection of new bikes - not a ton of high-end new stuff , although he can special order something in if you want to support your local small business . he does have quite a variety of sizes and models of , shall we say , more accessible mountain bikes , cruisers , crossover bikes which are like mountain bikes but more for on-road riding , and so on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tucked on the western edge of the foothill acres neighborhood in north phoenix or what i would call `` the slope '' , try me bicycle shop has been in business for nearly 40 years and has been collecting the odd part for every type of bike over that time . the showroom is filled with cruisers and comfort bikes , new and used . no high end bikes here but they do have an inventory of old and hard-to-find parts , good service and free air that makes this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found thrift store 10-speed that needed some tightening & tuning before giving to a friend - tho couple other shops are closer - took it here based on reviews and very satisfied . courteous , competent , personable , reasonably priced , and short turnaround . very happy with the service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "growing up in phoenix it was known that try me bikes n ' trikes was a place where you could find a great deal on a used bike , a bitchen new bike or get parts for what a ever old bike you had and needed to piece together . the place was full of bikes of all sizes , shapes and colors . some of the nicer bikes in the store and a big old lit of used and parts bikes . in a funky little are of sunnyslope down the street from the humane society the exterior looks unimpressive . in a rather dusty industrial area on a non-through street . the prices on the bike parts in town - so much less than sun or landis . also , no snobby clerks to look down their noses at those of us who opt for inexpensive bikes and opt to fix them ourselves . the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , so my son destroyed another tire . back to try me bicycle shop we go . same exact experience . great customer service ( while you wait , i might add ) and very fast . prices are reasonable and it 's in a good location . easy in out access . we 'll be back i 'm sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a flat this morning , and this shop is close to work ... did not even know it ! awesome , friendly staff , quick and expert repair , checked out other loose and squeaky things to ensure bike safety , and an assortment of stocking stuffers and santa-caliber stuff , too , in case your cycling pals need some ho ho ho . thank you ! i will be back . hopefully next time for fun and not a repair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for some used bike parts and they had them at a great price . they also stand behind what ever they sale ... .i had to return some used tires and they allowed me to do so with no objections ... they have a great selection of new and used bikes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am on vacation and the tire to my bob stroller got a flat . i called try me and they were so friendly and told me to come right in , no appointment needed ! that was a relief on a busy memorial day weekend ! my dad brought the tire in and they were done in 10 minutes ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys were super friendly and honest and they did n't charge me an arm and a leg . i 'm definitely going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very affordable bike tune-up , just do n't expect your bike to be cleaned like other bike shops do . i guess that 's where the extra $ 10-15 goes for other places . bike technician was very friendly and fast . bike was ready in one day . my wheels seem a bit wobbly , so i 'm not sure he trued them or not . once again , another service that other more expensive tune-ups usually include at other shops . this review is for the great , friendly service , not so much for the quality of the tune-up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely the best bicycle shop in the phx . jeff is always available to answer my dumbest cycling ( and life ) related questions . the tune up service they provide is second to none and the selection of new or previously ridden bicycles is the best . wether it 's bmx , mtb , cruising or hauling your trailer full of scrap metal through the slope with your tweakcycle the guys at try me are essential for keeping your two wheeled conveyance rolling hard .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good old fashioned bike shop . you cant beat it . can fix just about anything on a bike .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to do many century ( 100 mi . ) rides but age and ailments have changed that . i needed a bike that was more forgiving on my old bones . i went to several of the big name shops and was either ignored or dismissed or shown only high end high dollar bikes . when i walked into try me bicycle shop i was greeted like a friend they have n't seen for some time ( i 've never been there before ) . this is an old school bike shop like i remember as a kid . nothing fancy , just a great selection of bikes and accessories and world class service . i got a fair price for my trade-in and bought a great new raleigh hybrid . i 'm glad i found this gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's been there forever , as has the owner . new bikes , vintage bikes , good bikes , bad bikes - you can get just about anything you need - plus he does a good job on service at a reasonable price . worth looking for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place we found an stopped the sad day i had to drop a goo d friend off at the human society across the street . my wife was looking for a pink beach cruiser an they ha the perfect bike . like them so well i sold 10 year old trek 720 hybrid to a friend an found a nice gun metal mens beach cruiser for me . was a bit more than i wanted to spend at the time , but they are worth every penny great honest guys , that even buy older bikes", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great bike shop ! ! the owner is super cool and super friendly . he obviously knows his stuff i would definitely recommend the shop to anyone looking for a bike . he is always super helpful when i come in amd the prices are geeat too . definitely check the shop out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to rent bicycles ! we rented two fantastic bikes from the shop for a great price for the day and toured the paved paths by the canals . the owner was very friendly and knowledgeable about the area and where to go and what to see . we will definitely be returning to the shop the next time we 're in town to rent bikes again and explore more of the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner is a great guy , very friendly , takes time to explain things , and gives you what you need ! i bought a bike for my younger brother , which he rode around a bit , and decided he wanted something a little more rugged -- we brought it back ( with a flat tire and slightly bent rim - whoops ! ) and the owner offered to swap it out for a comparable bike , helped my brother pick one , and adjusted the seat -- - did i mention this was all within 3 minutes of closing time ! ? he stayed a little late to help us and then even recommended a restaurant close by ( wagon wheel - figures , right ? ) this area is shady , but the owner and the store is not ! 5 5 all the way ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to try me bicycle shop for small business saturday and it was everything we needed . we tried one other local bike shop before going there and was so happy we chose to purchase from try me . jeff helped us and was so knowledgeable and accommodating - he even installed our bike rack onto our car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a fan ! this place is so cute and so close to madison . it is south down fish hatchery until the road ends . then all of a sudden , you see the sign and one right and another left . the farm is small and cute . the walk to the field is not far and perfect for children . the price for strawberries is just $ 1.80 a pound . this place is really entwined with the businesses . these are some of the sweetest strawberries i have ever eaten . oh ! the staff . some of the nicest people you will ever meet . why not 5 stars ? their website could use some updating . as a small business , i can imagine it is difficult . however , without someone to answer phones and questions quickly , a website is necessary .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an outrageous and inefficient system to order . phone only and it does not work . one star is way too much . customer service is very important . yours is lousy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was supposed to go to piano bar but it was closed due to a taylor hicks show . stopped by here because the live band caught my attention . such a fun little spot to lounge around ( or dance ) on the weekends . minimum is 2 drinks to visit this spot . servers are all lovely and nice . why has n't anyone reviewed this spot ? so much fun !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after dinner on aug. 27 we came to le cabarer for drinks and hear some awesome music . the band was great they go everybody on their feet dancing the night away . they interacted with the crowed . we danced the whole night , before we realized it they were wrapping it up , and it was 1 ; 00 am . i recommend this place it is a lot of fun . the bartender is great i ordered a chocolate martini and it was terrible , i went to the bartender and told him i was not happy with my drink and he made me an apple martini and it was great . the crowd was so friendly and they were there to have fun and we all had fun . every time we come to vegas we hit this place because they always have great bands .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was fabulous ! the atmosphere was lively and the music was fabulous ! the band played songs that made people want to dance and waitresses did n't bother you too much and force you to stick to the two drink minimum . we wished we had discovered this place sooner and had come here every night ! such a blast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a beautiful place with great drinks and friendly , personal service . and the music was absolutely the best - `` the next movement . '' they engaged with the audience and made the night very memorable . their vocals are superb and they have a great repertoire . the audience was of all ages , dancing and having fun . no mention of a drink minimum , but `` the next movement '' kept me buying drinks and dancing to almost every song . what a gorgeous bar lounge and top notch act .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so my wife and i decided to check out this place tonight . they had a music group on with a few guys and a girl singing . ruth is awesome ! they are hitting all the notes in the crowd involved and dancing along with almost every song super entertaining ! really good environment not overwhelming with the crowd the crowd standing outside of the restaurant listening to all the music as well ! definitely a must-do especially if you are with your significant other or with a group of friends", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jim , thank you for the best martini in vegas ! great pour and ice cold ! what else could you ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to le cabaret paris casino in vegas with some friends after a pitbull concert on 03 19 16 and continued the fun dancing with the great band that was playing . i backed into a very distinguished cute guy ( literally backed into him while dancing ) and enjoyed dancing with him cause he felt good and not creepy . only regret is i did not get his 411 . so matt from alaska ... thank you for the dances !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had so much fun here on one of my down days rolling solo . super chatty people on holiday . top 40s cover band playing to the crowd and working the room . vegas seldom disappoints and this would be a great stop over on your way in out for the night to get it going . if you 're staying at the paris - swing through for a drink or 2 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "more interested in money than your teeth , . always pushing unneeded cosmetic procedures ( i 'm 50 , i dont need braces ! ) . horrible customer service . billing practices are irregular , confusing and they are unable to explain why we paid so much more than the estimate . they never returned any of my calls for explanation . we are getting a new dentist !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for five years , and i am very happy with the treatment and the dental service . they are caring , friendly , and professional . my previous dentists were nothing close this level of attention . i 'm treated like family here . the visits are always pleasant . i 've cancelled appointments on them , last minute , and they always just reschedule . i receive the friendly text reminders and when i show up , they see me right away . low volume . clean office . courteous staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience coming here . i received the service i wanted & the option to pay were reasonable considering i did not the insurance at the time . your opinion & needs are met first . great establishment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i are new to area and needed routine checkups . the office is clean and very nice . however a routine check up resulted in cancer screening , etc that was not covered by insurance and never been done in previous dentist visits . we were charged extras and not discussed prior to completion . i called to discuss and the billing gentleman mentioned they would credit account but what he really did was credit for future services . i am not confirmation they will not overcharge for again and we will be going to a different office moving forward .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have gone here for the past 3 years had some major issues with the work that was done originally , however had to keep going back attempting to get the work fixed . finally that dentist left the practice and there is a new dentist dr. patel . i was very hesitant at first being that i had so much incorrect work done the past few times , but all i can say is amazing ! ! ! ! she fixed my 2 teeth ( one that needed a root canal ) and even called me on the weekend to make sure everything was ok afterward .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "billing issues - chasing us for a bill when we have provided proof of payment . changed ownership several times . no email accessibility on their website . we are cancelling all future appointments for our family of 5 . after nearly 13 years we think it 's time to move on . they have not sent us to collections yet but if they do they will hear from my attorney .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was n't very happy when i got to know that i will be seeing another dentist here ( she would be my fourth one ) . theresa convinced me that she will be my last dentist as it 's not owned by a corporation anymore and is a private practice now . i am so glad i gave them a chance ! dr. kaur was such a wonderful person . her bed side manners were great . she spent quality time with me and explained everything to me in a language i could relate to . she will absolutely be the only dentist i see from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people here are very nice , friendly , and professional . i 've not had the best experiences with dentists in the past , but everyone here made me feel really comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't even know this store existed until after i went to every shoe store in the area with no luck of finding the specific shoes that i needed and in my size . i found this store online and thought i 'd give it a shot . so happy i found it ! ! everyone was very friendly and took time with me . they had the exact shoes i had been searching for and it was a great experience . this is my new spot for running shoes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little bit pricey but they have a good sale clearance section . the service was phenomenal . the woman helped me try on almost 5 pairs and even dug through the clearance for me . they watch you run and recommend a pair of shoes based off of that . summation : a bit pricey but worth the service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "elite is the go to place in the pittsburgh for running shoes . their staff is always friendly and inviting and they go that 'extra mile ' to ensure that you are in the proper shoes for your gait . i started shopping at elite when i was a middle school runner and despite the 45 minute trip there , it was always worth the drive . now , 10+ years later , whenever i return home to the region , elite is always on my list of places to go . it should be on yours too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i patronize the monroeville location of elite . i love it there . the staff is supremely knowledgable , helpful , and patient . i went for help selecting a new pair of running shoes , and i tried and retried about half a dozen pairs ( after being observed walking in the store and running on the treadmill ) . they really want to make sure you are in the right pair of shoes for you , so they take the time to help , to explain their recommendations , and to let you compare your best options .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very dissatisfied with the lack of follow up amey promised but did not deliver . she was helpful during the consultation , but left and said i could call or text with questions anytime . i texted her a week later and got no response . after submitting my paperwork to insurance , my claim was denied because amey incorrectly put `` 2015 '' instead of `` 2016 '' for my date of service . insurance directed me to have amey call them directly as the provider to make the correction . i called amey , and it took her 5 days to get back to me . she asked that i text her the info , which i did immediately . i have followed up with her 3 times to see if she called my insurance provider and had any issues and she has not responded to any of the messages . very unprofessional and lack of customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am incredibly pleased with the help that i received from amey . she came into my home to help me with my newborn and could not have been more amazing and was incredibly professional ! she came to see me immediately knowing the importance of my struggle . she was wonderful with my son and so very caring with all of my needs . breastfeeding is not an easy thing , especially for us new moms , so i am so blessed my friend referred me to amey ! ! i appreciate the constant support and feedback as well . so thankful ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "without the encouragement , support & knowledge i received from amey , dr becky , and my doula rebecca turrigiano , i can honestly say i would n't have a breastfed baby . my baby girl was born with both tongue and lip ties , from the hospital she had to be placed on a bottle . this broke my heart as i wanted so badly to breastfeed . my wonderful doula rebecca turrigiano , called amey and she was able to come right over . i continued to see amey . she was my sole source of believing i would be able to get baby to the breast . it was n't easy , i had to work through my babies tongue and lip revisions , her feeding discomforts associated with ties , was a slave to the breast pump , and continued to put baby to breast ... because of the help , confidence and encouragement i received from amey . i can now say at 2mo my my little girl is exclusively breastfed ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is amazing . she saved my breast feeding relationship ! she gave me support during that very emotional first week , and helped me get through some very challenging obstacles , as my baby was born with a short tongue and could n't latch correctly most times , which led to painful blisters . she 's also helped a friend of mine , and i would highly recommend her to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey was wonderful and so helpful ! i was very hesitant that i 'd have success after our consult especially after seeing 2 lactation consultants in the hospital . happy to say , i was wrong . i 'd highly recommend amey !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super thankful to amey and her support . from birth , baby and i had a very difficult time with breastfeeding . i was ready to throw in the towel when i decided to reach out to amey . she was easy and quick to schedule with and even accommodated meeting with me on new year 's day . she answered my questions , gave lots of great advice and reassurance . she followed up with me by text to see how breastfeeding was going . overall great experience and four months later , baby and i are still successfully breastfeeding !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey comes out to your home and really takes the time to answer all your questions in an environment that 's comfortable for you . as a first time mom looking to breast feed having an lc is essential and amey really did put my mind at ease . i found the hospital lc to be unhelpful and i spent the first week of breast feeding sore and ready to give up . after meeting with amey i am pain free and successfully breastfeeding my baby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is the best lactation consultant i have ever worked with . she 's a balanced mix of knowledgeable , caring , kind , and understanding . she worked with me extensively after my daughter was born with tongue and lip ties and was not gaining well . i appreciated her balanced approach and that she gave advice that was most beneficial to both me and my baby . she aimed to preserve our breastfeeding relationship while still giving my baby the nutrition she needed . best of all , she was an excellent shoulder to cry on during the hard times , and a cheerleader during the good times ! i would not hesitate to recommend her to any nursing mother .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is a heaven-send . she is full spectrum lactation consultant : general questions about breastfeeding through specific , tailored advice for each breastfeeding situation . i contacted her on a sunday ( very desperate due to my 3 day old crying due to breastfeeding extremely poorly ) . she responded that morning and came over the next day ! she covered everything , from the health of my pregnancy , to postpartum diet , and of course everything relating to my breastfeeding journey with my little one . she kept in close contact with me ( phone call text ) for any questions or concerns and even made follow up inquiries ! she truly has an incredible range of knowledge of all aspects of breastfeeding ; a true specialist . i am truly indebted to her for helping my 5 week old and i successfully breastfeed ! yay to happy babies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately i was not able to keep breastfeeding due to a recurring episode of mastitis and i was hospitalized at one point i wish i would 've called amey sooner to get my latch right as the incorrect latch and infection ended me up in the hospital . however when amey came over it was wonderful she made me very comfortable and answered all my questions . and yes i had maybe a few unanswered texts or late responses but cut the girl some slack she 's a mom and works for an ob office still ! if need be call leave a message to talk on the phone we all know life happens ! even though i did n't get to continue my breastfeeding adventure i 'm glad i got the time i did thank you amey for your help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was told by a few women that breastfeeding is hard during my pregnancy especially as a first time mom . now that my daughter is born , i realized that they were right ! it 's soooo fricken hard ! ! the first few days after she was born was the worse . i checked yelp for a lactation consultant and found amey . i texted her late at night around 9 or 10p and she responded and came to see me the very next day . she was n't cheap but you can use your fsa or hsa funds to pay for her services . she spent an hour and a half getting me comfortable with breastfeeding and showed me products i can use to help me . since then , she 's sent me follow up texts to make sure i 'm doing ok and when i had an issue a few days after our appointment , she got back to me right away . i 'm so glad i found amey and i highly recommend her if you need breastfeeding help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a mama of 4 , and pretty sure footed when it comes to nursing but i still manage to come up with questions and weird scenarios it seems with every pregnancy ! amey is always there to answer my questions , offer advice and encouragement . and she 's always super available which is amazing , since these questions do n't always happen during business hours . i recommend amey to every nursing friend i have !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is the best ! ! seriously she is wonderful . when i had my son i was having a lot of trouble breast-feeding , i went to amey for help and she did just that and more . she helped me find the best positions to nurse and she answered all of the questions and concerns i had as a new mom . i spent the first week in tears and sad that i was n't able to feed my son the way he needed so we started to supplement with formula , i felt terrible and i knew i needed help amey was able to guide me and teach me to nurse my son . not only is she full of knowledge and talent she is a wonderful person , very personable . i can not say enough positive things about her . if you are in need of a lactation expert reach out to amey you will be so happy you did . thank you amey ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is amazing ! ! ! ! she made it possible for me to get some sleep learning to bed share with my baby boy . breastfeeding is a breeze now and she helped me feel so much more confident . she is always available and answers all my concerns and questions that i have . and let me tell you as a new mommy i have a lot of questions you ca n't go wrong with amey . she is seriously a godsend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey woodward clark is the absolute best lactation consultant ! ! ! my daughter was in the nicu for 4 days and i was having a lot of trouble getting her to latch when we got home . amey came to our home and spent time blessing us with her knowledge , techniques and tools . i 'm now able to breastfeed my baby girl during every feeding ! ! i definitely recommend her ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is so kind , patient , and knowledgeable . she loves what she does and is so experienced and informed . i feel like she is really invested in our success- we had some trouble starting out , and even had troubles at about 8 months , but with her help we 've made it a year and still going strong !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey was great ! i was very frustrated trying to breastfeed my third baby . i have two other children , but never nursed them because they were preemies and had to stay in the nicu . she made it so easy and took the time to teach me everything i needed to know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey was absolutely incredible . she was very responsive right from the beginning . the in-home consultation was a exactly what my baby and i needed to get us started in the right direction . amey is extremely professional , knowledgable and caring . she adjusted her consultation based on our specific needs and i could n't have asked for a better experience . i would n't hesitate to recommend amey to any of my friends and family , thanks amey ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is an amazing lactation consultant . she helped me with my daughter 's weight gain issues during the first few weeks after bringing her home when i was struggling with breast-feeding . my daughter was born three weeks early and had trouble breast-feeding . i have the pediatricians breathing down my neck encouraging me to use formula and that 's when i called amey . she came to my home for my consultation and brought a scale to weigh my daughter . she also went over technique for latching and positions for successful breast-feeding . she did n't rush me at all and even takes post consultation text message questions . i always thought breast-feeding was going to be easy but after having issues with my daughter , i feared it was n't going to be an option . amey helped me through that and now i am still successfully breast-feeding my daughter . i could n't be more thankful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would not have been able to breastfeed my babies as well and as long as i have without amey . she is very knowledgeable and accommodating for her clients . she came to the hospital when my son was first born , and made several house calls over the years for both of my children . with amey 's help and guidance , it was possible to breastfeed two tongue-tied babies with minimal intervention . thank you , amey ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "breastfeeding is a journey for a first time mom and i ca n't imagine it without amey . she came to my home the day i came home from the hospital and answered all my questions plus put me at ease knowing my little girl was latching properly and getting plenty to eat ! i did n't end there and i have had tons of questions along the way but amey is always there to help me out . she has such a kind heart and is so enthusiastic about helping mommies breastfed and truly enjoy it . just like all the other reviewers stated ... she 's the best : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there 's no doubt i would 've quit breastfeeding if it was n't for amey 's help . she was a miracle worker for me and my first son and i 'm proud to have gone from hating every minute of breastfeeding to nursing for 2+ years . i thought i was one of the few who could n't breastfeed and had a low supply . she showed me how much that was n't true . not only is she an expert in her field , she is so passionate about her work and truly cares about all her clients . she visited me and my second son when he was in the nicu and that meant so much to us . she 's fantastic and i recommend her to anyone who wants to improve their breastfeeding experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is everything an ibclc should be - professional , friendly , knowledgeable , reliable . i could go on . she helped us with my daughter and diagnosed her with a lip and tongue tie that desperately needed revision . with our second child we knew who to call - amey of course . she came to our home when our son was just a couple days old and made sure we were getting off to a great start . i highly recommend her to anyone needing help or just making sure they are getting the best breastfeeding experience possible", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so thankful for amey and her ability to come and help my son and i . this is my seventh baby , and we 've struggled with a tongue tie in previous children , but our little one also was suffering from a tongue and lip tie , and amey came and confirmed what we were thinking and helped us get on the breastfeeding path that would work for us until we were able to get a revision done . not only is amey an extremely knowledgeable ibclc , she 's also a wonderful advocate of building a positive breastfeeding relationship with your child that works for you , and full of knowledge and information along with relationships and partnerships with other parenting resources in the valley that would help any mom . im blessed to not only experience her service and excellent support but to also call her friend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is great ! she was able to come to our house a few days after our son was born for a consult . she showed me a couple of breastfeeding positions , checked his latch , did a quick check for tongue lip tie , and answered our 1 million questions about breastfeeding and newborns . she also brought a scale so we could check that he was getting enough during the feeding . she followed up a few days later to make sure everything was still going well . we have n't had any issues , but we would not have hesitated to call amey for another consult if we were having any trouble .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are having any doubts or trouble breastfeeding call amey ! ! as a first time mother i was having a hard time breastfeeding and she gave me so much great information and stayed with me until i was completely comfortable nursing my son ! i recommend her 100 % ! and being able to keep in contact with her was very reassuring . almost 2 months later she still checks in to make sure we are doing well ! thank you so much amey ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if it were n't for amey i would not have had the opportunity to breastfeed my son . he was a nicu baby and i was told numerous times that he would n't be able to latch . just one consultation with amey changed all of that ! she was attentive , knowledgeable , and sensitive to my situation . fast-forward seven months later ... while i 'm not breastfeeding any longer ( i went six months strong ! ) i still feel that utilizing amey was one of the best decisions i made for both myself and my son . he has transitioned nicely to the bottle and solid food . i appreciate amey for all that she did i will definitely reach out to her again when i have my next kiddo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son breastfed fine in the hospital ; however , once we got home i learned just how rough nights can be while trying to breastfeed a newborn . i had two friends ( from different friend circles ) recommend amey as a lactation consultant . i texted amey and had an appointment scheduled less than 24 hours later . amey came to my house in goodyear and was a wealth of information . amey was kind , professional , accommodating , and incredibly helpful . after meeting with amey , i have messaged her a couple times to ask more questions that have popped up and she is always happy to answer me . i highly recommend amey as a lactation consultant . thank you for everything , amey ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i feel like five stars is n't enough to rate how fantastic amey was for our family ! as s first time mom who had a very complicated delivery , i was really struggling with breastfeeding and baby weight gain . amey totally save us ! she came to our house with kindness , patience and knowledge . i recommend her to any mom who needs guidance with breastfeeding . she is very reasonably priced and feels like having a friend come to your house to help you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is amazing ! i was experiencing extreme pain and having the hardest time breastfeeding my 5th child who was born with a tongue tie . she came to my home , helped me find a comfortable position , and focused on my healing until my son was able to have his frenectomy . she checked in with me regularly , and came back a second time to check on his weight and healing . she was so reassuring and made me feel so comfortable and cared for . i 'm so thankful for her and her support and i would highly recommend her to anyone needing support whether it be your first baby or fifth !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most irresponsible consultant i have ever met . i hope amey has changed her ways for the sake of the babies whose lives are at risk . it 's taken me a long time to write my review as i do n't post negative reviews often . however , when a lactation consultant does n't show up and keeps rescheduling it puts baby at risk . also she did n't weigh our baby or adviced that we should supplement with formula as he kept losing weight . she never showed up or responded to our texts . irresponsible !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my first mother 's day and i developed mastitis ... again ( within 6 weeks ) . i was already on antibiotics , but it was getting worse . desperate for help , i contacted amey and she got back to me promptly , even on a sunday , and was able to see me the following day . we did a weighted feed . she checked baby 's latch , helped with positioning , and had great tips to alleviate and prevent clogged ducts . readily available to answer questions before and after our session . followed up with me via text and calls . i highly recommend amey ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is so amazing ! breastfeeding was delayed due to some medical issues , so amey came to our house right after we were released to help work on breastfeeding . she did a before after weigh in to see how much he ate , and relieve some of my anxiety ! she checked in a week later to see how much weight he gained since she had been there . we had her come back to help with some latch issues , and she gives such great encouragement ! breastfeeding is still a work in progress for us ... but i know she is always there to help out ! thanks so much amey !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is knowledgable , kind and encouraging . she is a wealth of information and resources . her passion for mothers and children is evident in her practice . i am a mother of four , so certainly not a newbie . amey was instrumental in repairing my breastfeeding relationship with my youngest newborn , and i recommend a consultation with her for every mom , every time ( not just first time mommies ) . i should mention - amey is great with dads too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is my top recommendation for all things breastfeeding and even for overall maternal health . her experience and love for families is truly inspiring . thank you amey !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is fantastic ! ! ! she has so much patience and compassion , and love for her job . you can see it right away . she was soooo good with my daughter and myself . she has a lot of wisdom and helped identify my problem right away ! she comes with a lot of suggestions to fix the problem and follows up with you ! she 's just the sweetest . i really appreciate all her help", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey clark is so amazing . i made an emergent call and she got back to me asap , gave me great advice to help me with my emergency before i even booked an appointment . she got me in as soon as possible and helped me with things from feeding positions to clogged duct prevention and even weighed my baby and discusses ways to help baby better latch . i could n't be more thankful for her . she was very knowledgeable and even followed up with me several times after our meeting to be sure things were going well . i would highly recommend her to anyone in need of help with breastfeeding . thank you amey !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is an amazing ibclc ! she is warm , caring , and passionate about breastfeeding . her expert advise is just what any mom who struggling , or just wants some great beginnings advice , needs . i tell all of my friends about her . i 'm even considering buying her newborn package as a gift for my friend who is pregnant . amey saved my breastfeeding relationship with my second child and was there for me when i needed her support with my first child . i love amey !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey was absolutely a delight to work with . she is friendly , kind and caring and was very accommodating to come to our home for an in home consultation for our 1 week old . do n't delay contacting amey if you are looking for a lactation consultant , it 's life changing ! ! amey is awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found amy and her service very helpful with my journey in breast feeding , she came with good recommendations from a friend & i would happily recommend as well . the experience gave me the confidence to keep going when i felt i was loosing all hope of breast feeding my little one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey came highly recommended to me by two ladies that did n't know each other at all , quite the coincidence but not a surprise as she is amazing . i was four days into breastfeeding and unknowingly struggling with getting a good deep latch , i had watched a few videos and thought i was doing things properly only experiencing some 'growing pains ' . almost immediately amey was able to give me a couple small pointers that made all the difference in the world . within two days the sores on my nipples had cleared up ! my baby and i are now chugging ( no pun intended ) along almost 8 weeks later pain free ! ! ! amey also offers a free mothers group every wednesday morning at the birth nest in glendale for a little new mommy support , breastfeeding or not it 's nice to be able to chat with other ladies about what 's happening with our little ones .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is a nothing short of a miracle worker ! ! ! ! our son was born and wanted to breast feed immediately and did iso very well . even though he was feeding well i did not know that he had a significant upper lip tie which led to very sore , cracked & bleeding nipples . i text amey a question regarding latching and she was at my house within a few hours to assess . she is so responsive to any and all inquiries regarding our situation and has even referred us to a pediatrician who will assess our sons lip tie for possible revision . i can not say enough great things about amey and her dedication to her clients success ! ! ! she takes her business to a different level by ensuring her clients are doing well not just a day after her assessment but many week slater . i adore her and credit our success thus far of exclusive breast feeding to her ! ! ! thank you amey ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey was so great to work with . my only regret is that i waited too long to call her . if things are n't going well for you with breastfeeding , do n't wait , call ! amey came over when my daughter was 8 weeks old . after her visit , it was a steady upward slope to successful breastfeeding without pain ! the biggest areas that she helped with were latching and positioning . it made a huge difference ! lastly , the fact that she comes to your home makes the whole experience more comfortable and convenient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey helped me immensely . she was highly recommended to me by someone i trust and she returned my call immediately . she also traveled across town to see me the next day . i 've had cracked nipples and mastitis before ( with my first child ) so i knew enough to seek help quickly . she corrected my baby 's latch and gave me all the info i needed . i 've seen lactation specialists before , but i learned even more with amey . it 's been six months since i saw her and i 'm delighted to report my milk supply is overabundant . let me pause to underscore how fantastic that is . i never worry about whether or not i will have enough milk for my baby ... there 's always too much ! so i pump and give it to my toddler . with him , i struggled to produce which filled each day with anxiety and guilt . this time i was able to establish a strong supply from the beginning . thanks amey !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amey is such a blessing . she came and helped me after my second son was born and again after my third was born . i wish i had known her when i had my first ! all of my boys have had tongue and lip ties . after a very difficult ( and somewhat traumatizing ) breastfeeding experience with my first , amey has been very supportive , helping me develop a breastfeeding relationship that works for me and my boys . meeting with her before and after lip tongue tie revisions was pivotal and gave me the encouragement to keep going .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found michaels about 3 years ago , excellent work great prices and he 's really honest that is important . you will need to make an appointment because now he 's pretty busy , but he can always fit you in in an emergency .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my car is like my baby ! i 've gone to this guy 4 times with some big problems and some little ones . my dad was always my mechanic until i moved to arizona and when i called him one 115 degree day because my car was n't feeling right when i started it , he googled a local mechanic and told me to go to mike . mike has always treated me fairly which is actually hard to find being a single female . his prices are fair and when i needed a check engine light taken care of to pass emissions he had me take it to get tested and told me to just return with payment once i had passed . he was n't going to have me pay for the work that was done if the car did n't pass , since check engine light codes can sometimes be hard to diagnose . all in all , i have been very satisfied and trust mike with baby !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this place . i appreciate the effort and work michael puts in for his customers . he could have turned me away but he did not , instead he stayed late to work on my a c and made sure to update me every step of the way . the price was unbelievably fair ! ! ! ! i was shocked . i am so grateful and appreciative to michael himself because he showed he cared and was considerate . i received a recommendation from a family friend and could n't be more impressed . michael definitely seems like the trustworthy , respectful man . again , this is a recommendation . just be kind and call if you plan to come close to closing . ( will be doing next time ) : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after just one visit to michael 's auto repair for broken window regulator convinced me i 'll never take my car anyplace else ! ! ! service was awesome . cost was extremely reasonable after getting two other estimates . had been told by another shop that my brakes needed repair . michael personally checked them ( no cost to me ) and assured me they 'd be fine til spring . friends recommended him to me , and i would highly recommend his repair shop to anyone needing auto repair . so glad i finally found an auto repair shop i can trust ! ! thanks michael ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michael is honest , prompt , reasonably priced , and friendly . he even takes photos of items and explains them to customers to give added piece of mind . my wife and i have been coming here for years and want to recommend michael 's to anyone and everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "discovered a coolant leak a few weeks ago , and received two incorrect diagnosis before calling michaels . michaels was able to not only pinpoint the problem , but fixed it for a reasonable price in less than 24 hours . now i have another broken part , so i plan to revisit michaels for another repair . i recommend this shop fully .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this guy judst told me he could fix my car this morning now he said he ca n't do it . thanks for nothing mike . my business was coming your way", "score": "1"}
{"review": "michael is the best mechanic in the valley ... hands down . i have an older vehicle and it 's hard to find a good mechanic that will work on older cars and when i first visited his shop he told me and i quote. `` i love working on cars and older cars '' . i like that he shows and explains exactly what 's wrong if there is an issue . very fairly priced and the three times my car has been there , it serviced fairly quickly so he knows what he is doing . i would recommend his shop to anyone . thank you for the great service michael ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michael has been the best mechanic in the valley for years . he is always honest , shows you what the problem is , and fixs it in a timely manner . i 've been going to him over 3 years now . anytime my car breaks down , i know if i get it to michael 's it will be fixed . by far i recommend this place to everyone ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owners are great people and their food is as good as you would expect . the wife and i have been here several times and have never had a bad meal . eggs cooked to perfection and the french toast is our favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious french toast , western omelette and great customer service . will keep coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our food was good , and if you are a regular , this is probably a great spot . however , we felt a little left out , and our service was a little slow . so , a good diner for a bite , but it would n't be a quick stop .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so the family has been living here since around 2002 . we stayed because the manager was a fantastic lady who did her best to make this a comfortable and inviting community . but then the management changed and now we 're stuck with a put-upon looking young lady who does n't seem to care about residents and our concerns . we 've have a string of vehicle breakins especially in the poorly lit corners of the property . requests for a courtesy patrol have gone nowhere . we 've had squatters . i 've literally stepped over a sleeping vagrant to use the gym . it 's the bitter middle of summer in vegas and i 've had to call maintenance and counting to try to get the same problem fixed . they were candid enough to let me know the first two times they told me they replaced $ 4 and $ 5 dollar parts they were just joshing man ! you know how it is right man ? ! awesome . any other questions let me know here and i 'll answer them . got ta spread the word .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we moved here in july 2014 . we have had no issues . our neighbors are pretty nice and we all stay to ourselves . as in any apartments there is some noise but it is usually during the day . it is quiet at night . i have had no issues with old or new management .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there has been a sofa in the dumpster by building five for 3 months . cant access the trash area and have made several complaints . dog poop all over in grass and sidewalks , gross . cops here regularly . i have lived here for 6 years . not the same place as back then . change of management brought in people who just dont care about this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we lived here in a 2br 2b from aug 2015 - feb 2017 and over all it was a great place to live . the price is fair for what you get , its well kept and always felt safe . its def not 'luxury ' as the name suggests , as its very basic on the inside . seriously though i do n't think you could find anything better in henderson or las vegas for the $ $ $ . what makes this community shine the most was the staff . mgmt was always a pleasure to talk too and always made good on any concern or request . maintenance was always prompt and very friendly . they really care and after moving across town i miss them . my new place is a typical corporate complex where they care very little . bella terra was a lucky find for us in henderson and was always a pleasure to come home to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i searched around for a nail place . i chose this place because of their name . how awesome is a name like sassy nails . i went when they first opened and it was empty . before i came down i called them to see if they use gelish nail polish . they said yes and that is why i came here . when i got here i was told to choose a nail color . to my disappointment they did not use gelish nail polish but used a brand i never heard of . i decided to give them a chance anyway . i asked for a manicure with gel polish . most placed will give you a massage included in your manicure . this place did not . all they did was polish my nails . the gel nail polish came off within a week . very disappointed . i will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for at least 7 years and i will keep coming back . i love the staff and i have been happy with my pedicures and eyebrow waxing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only giving 1 star because my pedi was decent . the absolute worst gel mani i have ever received . 1 ) no manicure at all 2 ) did n't buff my nails so imagine how that looks with polish now 3 ) gel brush was hard ! and still used it 4 ) gel was dried out and still used it . i even said , `` do you need a new brush ? '' and she ignored me . the gel off one nail has come off after only 1 week . cuticle is a mess and gel polish is chipped on several nails . there is nothing worse than a disappointing day at the salon . especially in vegas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "affordable place since a gel manicure was only $ 25 . however , walking in is questionable to the legitimacy of the business as there are limited run down seats and a small cleaning area that is hard to see . it was okay for a first try , and my polish actually lasted 3 plus weeks without a chip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i want to start out with saying nam is the best . he took his time and did exactly as i asked . i have had trouble finding a good nail place and i have found it . they are reliable and good priced . i felt comfortable from start to finish . please give them a try and you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a fresh full set and everything was done well . however when i went to get my nails redone at a different salon they found fungus growing in between my real nail and the acrylic . the new tech had to file my nail completely off in order to get the fungus out . when i called sassy nails to let them know what had happened they were very unhelpful and said it was n't their fault . i would not recommend this place anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nam is the best ! ! ! this salon is under new ownership since and is amazing ! i had a great pedicure and my daughter had a full set of nails done . she is very picky and has tried pink and diva nails and has been very disappointed at both salons ... sassy nails did everything she requested and she loves the work ! ! give it a try and you wo n't be disappointed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love getting services done here at sassy nails . i normally make appointments at the last minute and i always get in when i want and i use nam . he is very good and he aims for perfection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ha and andy personalize their services to the customer 's needs . my husband and i are very appreciative of their nail services . we usually have the supreme pedicure and standard manicure . today ha and fay took care of us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "like a dummy i gave this place 4 chances.. i 've had nails on for 9 years and this is the worst place ever for me.. for acrylic nails.. they are always in a big hurry.. the place is dirty.. they do not file the acrylic down nicely.. it 's all chunky around the edges and done terribly ! the guy owner acts like you 're just a pain in the butt to be there.. it really is ridiculous.. i moved to vegas a year ago and for the people that are giving this place great reviews holy moly i 'd hate to see what kind of place they 've been to before this.. yikes.. if you get your nails done here you will be sorry", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the employees are very special and warming . i will always come here and send my friends here . i get a mani , pedi and my eyebrows waxed . faye is the only i trust with my eyebrows and i 've gone to multiple places . they do nail art as well . if you want a warming experience this is the place to be", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! finally a nail salon that is consistent and has a nice staff that seems to care about their customers more than just for money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new owners ! nam did a great job ! i received a pedi and mani i will be back again . they are in the middle of remodeling .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love andy and her wife i follow andy everywhere . , and they are very good on what they do . and very good price you will absolutely love them. , and all the people who works there are absolutely nice i strongly recommend it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is very accommodating . they close when you want them to close basically . no matter when you come in , they will happily take you . i believe that people who are kind to others ( especially the workers ) will get treated the way they treat them . i 've always been nice and pleasant when i come here and in return , i believe thats why i get the best service . faye does the best pedicure and kenny does the best manicure fill set . they give you a bottled water and or offer you soda if you are thirsty . they do : facials , manicure $ 25 , spa pedicure $ 35 , gel $ 5 , pink white $ 40 , eye brow waxing $ 10", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in to get a new full set , pedicure they were very very nice . i had my nails done by andy ( awesome ) he did such a good job he did my nails perfect ( im very picky by the way ) . nam did my pedicure it was wonderful ( great massage ) my toes look beautiful im so happy i came here . i do n't live close but i will definitely drive to see them every time . happy girl", "score": "5"}
{"review": "under new ownership ! the new owners are amazing ! my nail technician ha , andy and nam are amazing ! ha is very attentive and she makes sure your nails are done to your satisfaction . if you have been displeased with this place in the past , the new owners will not disappoint ! thanks guys , you 're the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went there this afternoon based on yelps review , so glad we did ! impressed by the variety of fishes they offer as being a food-court fast-food restaurant . miso-soup is as good as other two reviewers descriptions ! my favorite is mackerel sushi ! big portion but right for each piece , so satisfied ! sashimi is decent for me , but my partner likes them a lot ! the combination set is my another fav , since it 's hard to find such interesting set from other take-out type of restaurant . highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh fish . great prices . this place is amazing . like many others , i 'm a fan follower . i tracked them from j-town to chef depot and now to metro square . went the day it opened . great stuff . they have fish you wo n't most japanese restaurants ( monkfish liver ? have n't tried it yet . abalone ? so good ) . will echo the comment about the miso soup . it 's incredible . i believe they add fish bones to it to flavor it . and also commenting on the chirashi . the assortment of fish on there is great ! sea urchin ? how often does that happen ? and their sea urchin is delicious . sweet and creamy the way it should be . owner is incredible . have you ever been to a chinese food court and received fantastic service ? when we left , the owner came out , bowed , and thanked us for our service ! wish i lived closer so i could come more often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i custom ordered some sushi by pieces yesterday for lunch . price is very affordable and you get to pick your favorite sushi by piece . i think fish cut too thin , and too much rice . also i guess they try to stuff 10 pieces of sushi and 6 pcs of spicy shrimp roll into a box , the appearance is not too attractive . they also made a few mistakes on my order , that makes me disappointed . if you are looking for good value but can give up the quality , this is not bad for a sushi place inside a food court .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good sushi and japanese food for the price . fish is mostly fresh ( except for the sea urchins which sometimes are n't as fresh as they could be ) . miso soup is highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are two thing they are doing correctly , which is using fresh fish and nice quality rice . and these are the key quality for japanese dish . will definitely come back . this is part of the food-court , so i would n't bring my first date here , but lots space for kids . and the price are reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their seafood is the freshest i 've ever had in toronto and the price is so good . after you try the miso soup , you wo n't have it in other restaurants . the owner is japanese and he likes to do things the traditional way . you may have to wait a little while but it 's totally worth it . they are the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was super impressed with the quality of their fish given that this is food court sushi . much better quality than many restaurants that i 've been to . we ordered the 6 kinds of sashimi platter and a dragon roll . was so hungry i forgot to take pictures before i ate it but the presentation was also very impressive . one of the fanciest dragon rolls i 've eaten . big pieces of eel . there was mackerel in the sashimi platter and i am usually not a fan as i find it tastes really fishy . it actually did n't taste that way at all here . i could n't believe it actually was sweet and very yummy . i never eat food court sushi but tried it based on yelp reviews . glad i did and now upset at all the times i ate at metro square food court and did n't eat the sushi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently this is my favorite place to order take out from . the quality and freshness is better than any sushi restaurant i ever went to scarborough and markham . one thing i really like is they have some premade orders you can buy right away without having to wait for them to make , plus i rate this place 5 stars is mainly b c their premade sushi are still fresher than any custom order instant made ones from other japanese restaurants around my area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the place you can get the most freshness sashimi in an affordable price , where you can find it in a foodcourt ! sea urchin sashmi in foodcourt ? yummm ... .but their freshness change sometimes so depend on the season i guess . other than that , sushi and sashimi were really good and fresh with lots of variety , not just salmon but other fishes as well . the bento box were nicely arranged with rice , grilled fishes or cutlet pork chicken and side dishes . their side dishes change everyday , and it looked like those bento box you find in a supermarket in tokyo , this is their culture i guess , more authentic thanother bento box in a japanese restaurant ! it does remind me alot of memories in tokyo trip , where you can buy those bento boxes in 7-eleven . their beef don were good as well but it doesnt have much sauce in it . i come here for lunch alot so its a good place to got your take out ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious , plentiful and authentic japanese bento food . this is not your typical toronto faux-japanese cuisine that is served by koreans . the man in this food court stall was super nice as well . incredibly well priced for what you get .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . food is amazing and people are awesome . this is the real deal italian shop where you feel like at home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this place . it has great sandwiches and the pizza is tasting as well . ( just basic , but good ) . the service is very nice too ! they bring out your food and come back to ask for refills . its not the typical , `` order and sit '' kind of place . i feel like i am eating at a friends house and their mom is making you lunch . i would definitely recommend . ( and some people i know compare it to subs west -- which i believe has closed quite a few years ago ) . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to this place a number of times and i love it ! the food is wonderful and truly authentic . i love the lazanga , pizza with pepperoni , sausage and mushrooms , spaghetti and meatballs and italian sausage sandwich . you ca n't go wrong here ! oh yeah , the service is awesome ! ! it 's always nice to go somewhere where they know your name ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here tonight for a quick to go dinner . picked up two cold regular subs . i got a turkey - # 10 , and hubby got the salami # 6 . quite good subs , have n't been able to visit here recently , used to come by often a few years back , so it was nice the subs have n't changed . they were n't drenched in sauce , had a good amount of meat , tomato , lettuce and mayo , plus the bread is yummy too . nice change from other boring sub joints . lady was a little slow with taking our order but nothing too bad . the cook who brought our order out was quite nice , very welcoming", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome food great people they treat you like family or life long friends i recommend this place to everyone i talk to", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to bring your hungry teenagers ... pizzas were great and huge chicken wings with a fair share of dressing . service was great with the workers always offering free refills at your table . very friendly staff . i will be coming back go try the subs !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for years , but just picked it up for dinner tonight and thought i would review . this place is excellent ! the food is fresh and the service is so nice . the owner is usually there and she remembers my bf and i when we come in ( which is n't that often considering we live in mesa ... but totally worth the drive ) . i usually get pasta of varying forms ( lasagna , ravioli , manicotti ) and it is always good . it comes with salad , garlic bread , and a drink for less than 10 $ ! that is amazing ! i only wish they were closer so i could go here more often . their pizza is also really good , but i have n't tried the sandwiches yet . if you want to have great italian food with fabulous service for a real steal go to submarinos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just recently moved to a new location . same great food at a nicer location . great owners , great italian food ( i suggest the dinner special ) a great experience overall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i so miss this place . the pizza literally ruined pizza for me i cant find a pizza this good in utah . i worked here for a couple of months back in '07 . ate here everyday never got tured of the subs or the pizza . meatballs are the best ive ever had ever ever", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy ! ! nice little privately owned restaurant . staff is very courteous and checks on you often . very clean and cozy setting . prices are very very reasonable . i ordered the cheese pizza special ( slice of pizza , drink , and house salad ) for $ 4 . pizza is thin but tastes so great . will definitely re-visit and recommend to friends . do n't judge this place by the shabby surrounding neighborhood . former employees , this is a place to review the restaurant , not your short term employment with them which your explanation of paints you as completely incompetent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this restaurant last night and got the baked ziti with sauce . it was so good , i ate the whole thing ( and the portions are huge ! ) . my girlfriend got a sub with turkey , ham , bacon , lettuce , tomatoes and special sauce . she said it was definitely the best sub she 's had in a long time ! we 've lived in the neighborhood for a while and ca n't believe we did n't try this restaurant sooner . we ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in here recently and ordered the 12 '' # 1 for six bucks and some change which is a cold sub that consists of `` ham , pepperoni , genoa salami , capicola , mortadella , provolone '' and came with lettuce , onions , tomatoes , and an olive oil vinegar dressing . when i got home , i noticed that there was n't any mortadella on the sandwich and just a slice of capicola , in addition to probably half a head of shredded lettuce . however the rest of the toppings were more or less there . it was filling and decent-tasting , but the bread was n't of very high quality . despite the aforementioned , i 'll probably stop by again to try another sandwich or two . somebody in front of me ordered a veal parm sub which looked tasty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i work near this place and i recommend . i usually get the food delivered to my work but i have been inside . the atmosphere is your typical casual pizza joint . it 's located in a dumpy strip mall but the service is very friendly and it seems to be a family oriented environment . i 've only tried a few things but have enjoyed them . i like the turkey sub . the pizza is tasty too . it can be a bit greasy but it has a great flavor and i just soak the excess up with a napkin . i usually ask for it well done too . i probably order lunch from here two or three times a month . the customer service is great and they are very quick with their orders and deliveries .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very nice family operation . pizza was very good ( more like streets of ny ) the cold italian sub was tasty but on the skimpy side with the meats & cheese . all in all a good experience and we will give them another try real soon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "... .ive been here in the phoenix area for only 8 years and although i havent been to 'every deli and sandwich shop in the entire valley , ive been to a lot ! after many 'drive-by 's ' i finally stopped in for a sub last friday . i had the # 1 basic italian sub ... ..omg hands down , the best i have had in phoenix , e a s y ! great imported italian meats everything super fresh ... .and r e a l italian ! ! i went back today ... the the # 1 again ! and tried the meatball ... .best in the valley ! great meatballs again the best ive had in phoenix . this is a great sub stop ... .and possible pizza they have square sicilian i will be trying that soon and will let you know ... ... this is a 'no-brainer ' best subs in town ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not real impressed , the pizza slices just ok and the slices were small and a little over done , the hot sausage subs had no taste to it tasted plain jane , the potato salad and macaroni taste like they got it from fry 's just not good , this place is mediocre at best , just not a real italian place , more like a wannabe be italian , but the cold subs were good , i do n't think anything is made fresh , that 's my opinion", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fresh meats , a great roll and without a doubt the nicest people in town . this place rocks . threy also make a very underappreciated cicilian pizza . best i 've had . almost always the owners taking your order and they care about making sure your happy . i make special trips from ahwatukee all the way to 51st & northern just to eat at submarino 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for true italian dinners , sandwiches or pizza . such friendly staff and great service ! large portions at a great value !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "authentic italian . this reminds me of my nonna 's cooking . real southern italian specialties .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place rocks ! the value is incredible . big portions - just what one should expect from a family owned neighborhood italian restaurant . the pizza is new york style , the turkey sub has generous portions but the veal parmesan is out of this world good . the owners are usually there and they recently moved to a more vibrant location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good signs great service ! would definitely come back . thanks synthetic grass store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "krystina is amazing ! thank you for doing such a great job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "supersigns is very easy to deal with . they aim to please . i can always count on my orders by right and done quickly . it is also a fun and cheery environment . i have been using them fro years and have always been pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they made an awesome job for my business cards and signage . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used supersigns since 1997 for business cards , truck signs and whole truck wraps , and trade show booth displays . supersigns provided the creative talent in the designs that just stand out from the rest . just used them to create a new logo for us . i 'm very happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you guys are awesome ! thank you for spending so much time with us today and helping us with our vehicle sign ! we will most definitely be back for the other vehicles ! sally sonoran desert falconry", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place good people great work i always leave with a smile", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'd only ever taken my lab mix to the groomer at our vet to get his nails trimmed or petsmart . he 's a real difficult dude to get bathed and his slick labrador coat is surprisingly thick . all and all bathing him is a struggle at home . i decided to take him to millie and it was such a good decision . he was pretty unhappy about getting groomed , but millie kept a positive attitude and kept him calm . she kept emphasizing that this first visit would be our most difficult visit because it was all new to him and that the goal was to keep it as pleasant as possible so that he would happily return and they would establish trust . talk about the right kind of attitude for a nervous dog owner to hear when she is seeing her ( 70lb ) baby try to run from the blow dryer . i was anxious that he would be too much for her to handle , not the case . the is as clean as he has ever been , snout to tail . i 'm so happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have trusted millie to groom my dogs for around eight years now . she does excellent work , the dogs are actually excited to see her ( which is rare for this type of service ) , she treats my dogs like they were hers , charges a fair price and goes out of her way to accommodate my busy schedule . i live twenty ( 20 ) minutes away and , undoubtably , drive past several closer and cheaper groomers , but i love my dogs and would never dream of taking them to anyone else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kann ich nur empfehlen , wenn man schnell verkaufen muss . der durchaus engagierte herr spieler wirbt damit und suggerierte zun\u00e4chst , das sein von ihm ermittelter verkaufspreis erzielbar sei . bereits einige wochen sp\u00e4ter ruderte er wieder zur\u00fcck und jammerte , nun habe er bereits soviel arbeit auf das objekt verwendet , dass ich unbedingt mit dem preis runtergehen m\u00fcsse ; damit wurde ich ganz sch\u00f6n unangenehm unter druck gesetzt und wurde nach verkauf auch noch mehrfach aufgefordert , eine `` lobeshymne '' f\u00fcr die firmeneigenen homepage-referenzen abzugeben . deshalb : 3 sterne nur wegen des letztlich schnellen verkaufs , aber ich selbst werde ihn nicht nochmals beauftragen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "endlich mal ein immobilienmakler , der kein hai ist . die herrschaften spieler und seeberger aus stuttgart sind sehr angenehme pers\u00f6nlichkeiten . ganz dem motto : `` in der ruhe liegt die kraft ! '' sie bewerten die immobilien realistisch und setzen den verkauf in einer recht guten zeitspanne um . h\u00e4tte nie gedacht , dass ich mal einen immobilienmakler weiterempfehlen w\u00fcrde . tja , man lernt nie aus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich habe in letzter zeit verschiedene immobiliengesch\u00e4fte get\u00e4tigt , wobei es mir immer darauf ankam , einen zuverl\u00e4ssigen , aktiven und effektiven partner an der hand zu haben . wichtig f\u00fcr mich ist auch die vertrauensbasis . das ist mir pers\u00f6nlich bei allen gesch\u00e4ften , die ich get\u00e4tigt habe bei herrn spieler widerfahren . vom beginn der aktivit\u00e4ten bis zum vertragsabschluss , hatte ich immer das gef\u00fchl in guten h\u00e4nden zu sein . vor allem war mir , der gute sachverstand , schnelles reaktionsverm\u00f6gen und die guten kontakte , die die firma spieler & seeberger immobilien pflegt von gro\u00dfer wichtigkeit . ich kann nur empfehlen , bei jeder art von immobiliengesch\u00e4ften diese firma zu kontaktieren .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir sind mit der beratung von herrn tobias dei\u00df sehr zufrieden . herr dai\u00df ist ein kompetenter ansprechpartner f\u00fcr uns gewesen . er war f\u00fcr uns von anfang bis zum ende der abwicklung da . selbst bei der planung bzw . gestaltung , umbaumassnahmen stand er uns mit guten ideen und vielen informationen und kontakten zur seite . wir sind von herrn dei\u00df einfach begeistert , und k\u00f6nnen ihn mit guten gewissens weiterempfehlen . nochmal herzlichen dank herr dei\u00df .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nora arronte is awesome ! i have been recommending her to all of my friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. arronte is quite honestly the best doctor i have ever had . i have traveled and more around a bit and actually had a horror story doctor visit . i made an appointment with dr. arronte at providence ob gyn and after 3 years , she still remembered me . she asked how i was doing , what things i wanted to talk about , and how i was feeling . she is always there to comfort me and help me , give me advice and suggestions . she constantly reminds me that she is available , reach out to her on novant health if i have any questions or concerns . she referred me to a specialist for my issues and always seems to want the best for me . she never pressures me and is always open . i do n't mind waiting for an appointment because she is the most amazing doctor i have ever seen . providence - you are lucky to have her . i want to thank you all for always making my experience a pleasant one", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr jones is wonderful . she is very informative and down to earth . the office is nice and bright and they are family friendly . even the nurses are sweet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if your not into sharing food with others , do not come here . i have never been to an ethiopian food place before , so i was glad to try when the opportunity arose . everything is served family style , and you eat the food with injera bread much like you would a curry with naan at an indian place . they serve the food on huge platters , with different courses spread just a few inches apart . they have dishes that cater to vegetarians , and also those who appreciate meat . everything was seasoned well , and even for a meat eater like me the vegetarian options were refreshing and tasty . they offered several types of desserts as well , although none were of ethiopian origin . service was quick and efficient , especially for the large party we had on the night . if i were to crave something vegetarian , this place would be a sure choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to consume what lalibela 's has to offer is essential to a proper functioning system . it 's good for you . it 's also great not to fret over utensils , and rather ... use those fingers . great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is very good . i hit it up at least bi-monthly . if you 're vegetarian , this place is a must .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't live in phoenix anymore , but man-oh-man do i miss lalibela . i 've spent four years trying to find comparable ethiopian food in the san francisco bay area , and i just ca n't . who would have thought that phoenix has better ethiopian food than san francisco ? i always order the shorba ( soup ) and misir wat ( spicy lentils . ) the other vegetarian dishes are good too , but the misir wat really stands out . also , for some reason , the iced tea here is unsually good ... maybe there 's something special about it . i 'm coming back to phoenix for a visit this summer , and lalibela will definitely be one of my first stops . it deserves all five stars for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mmmm i love this place . i 've had lalibela in my regular lunch rotation for years . the servers are great and they are quick to suggest dishes for new people . the atmosphere is nice and cozy and the food is divine . some of my favorites : kye sega wat - beef cubes simmered in spicy sauce misir wat - red lentils simmered in hot sauce and herbs . fosolia - lightly spiced string beans cooked with carrots and onion . yebeg alicha sega wat - lamb cubes simmered in kibae , onion , turmeric and herbs . all this is servced with injera which is a spongy sour crepe , you use it to scoop the food off of the plate . the spices for each dish are powerful and unique , i do n't think you could go wrong with anything on the menu . after writing this review i know what i am having for lunch today !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to cafe lalibela a number of times , and every time i leave stuffed and satisfied . the menu is a typical ethiopian menu , with entrees , meat or vegetarian , served with `` injera '' ( flat bread ) but all the dishes i have tried have been as good or better than any other ethiopian restaurants i have been to . my favorite is the fosolia ( green beens + carrots ) , but really all the dishes are great . i went with some friends for the ethiopian millennium celebration fall 2007 , and was treated to a fully delicious buffet . would definitely recommend if you like ethiopian or are looking for a different experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i 'm in the middle of a fast . it 's vegan with even more restrictions . needless to say my dining options are very limited . lalibela seemed to be the perfect choice . the staff was so friendly and we were seated immediately . we ordered the vegetarian exclusive even though there was only two of us . the water tastes good here which is becoming harder to find . the food arrived quickly and tasted fabulous . the different lentil dishes were my favorite along with the yellow peas . the injera was very good . the restaurant was almost full but remained extremely quite . it is a very relaxing place to dine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best ethiopian food in phoenix ! went there 3 times during our 6 day stay . if you do n't like crowds dine on a weekday as weekends , especially for dinner , this place get crowded with discriminating foodies . service does suffer when super crowded but for food this yummy it is worth the wait and hassle . do n't forget to get some honey wine to complement the rich stews .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! after having a few other ethiopian feasts at other restaurants , lalibela is the best . the food is fresh & perfectly seasoned . tons of vegetarian options . can not complain about anything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "before i came back to wa i went to lilibela for diner with daughter and it was a good dining experience for my first time trying ethiopian food . i had the spicy chicken and lentils and it was delicious ! daughter had beef , lentils and vegetables and they were also very good . i highly recommend this restaurant for people that like trying different foods and are willing to experience what the world has to offer , if you do n't like spices , curries and different vegetables , this place is not for you . i will go back there as soon as i go back to az !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cafe lalibela is one of the best places i 've ever found to get ethopian food . the food is all reasonably priced and they have a fantastic selection - lots of new things to try . no utensils here - everything is eaten with injeera bread , which also adds to the unique experience . they have fantastic teas here as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "granted , this restaurant has been my sole exposure to ethiopian food , but it is _so_ good . for around $ 15-19 you can get an _enormous_ tray full of 10 or so different veggie and lamb beef dishes , all on a bed of sour injeera bread . great for sharing between 4-5 people , with extra bread on the side . as long as your dining company does n't mind eating `` with their hands , '' you 'll have a delicious , fun meal . good thirst-quenching drinks too . last time i was there , i wanted to try their `` voted best in the valley '' tiramisu for dessert , but they were out . : ( attentive service , still .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a carnivore , herbivore and omnivore 's mutual heaven . as long as you enjoy flavor , you 'll enjoy lalibela 's . we ordered the vegetarian platter , which comfortably fed four of us ( and allowed for some mindless stew-stained injera noshing afterward ) . favorites included the misir wat ( spicy red lentil stew ) , shiro wat ( a garlic-y , onion-y pea mash stew ) , and yekik alicha ( yellow split peas with onions and tumeric ) . of course , scooting injera from stew to stew , scooping up everything at once also seemed to be a pretty successful maneuver , even though it mixed the individual stew flavors . everyone else really liked when i did that ( not really ) . do i regret it ? no . i do have one regret though , which i shall reconcile upon my next visit , and that is that i did not leave lalibela wearing a cloak made entirely from injera . but hey , that 's why there 's next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this cafe provided me with my first ethiopian cuisine experience . it was delicious and i am eager to go back . the most impressive thing to me was their selection of vegetarian dishes . they had as many options as those with meat which i really appreciate ( does n't happen very often . ) the service was great . you can tell this is a family run restaurant that cares about their patrons . the food is very reasonably priced which make it easy to try a variety of dishes . we started with the shorba which is a lentil based soup . this was probably my favorite part of the meal , it was absolutely delicious -- -satisfying and hearty . we also had the vegetable combination which had 5 different dishes served on the injera , a crepe-like bread you eat the main dishes with . this is a fun way to eat ( with your hands ) and opened up a new world of foods for us ! ca n't wait to go back and devour a bowl of shorba .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite lunch locations , unfortunately i do n't go often enough because it 's not quite within walking distance of my office and requires getting in the car and driving . i was lucky to get to go today for a friend 's birthday , what an ethnic treat ! the food is always delicious , the hard part is deciding what 3 selections to pick , they 're all so good . it 's located in a little strip mall , but they 've made it nice and cozy inside , with ethnic colors , decorations , and music . i always enjoy bringing along someone who 's never been before , they 're always pleasantly surprised . this is a definite must do , you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've heard all the jokes ... '' ethiopian food ? i thought they did n't have food in ethiopia ? '' hilarious . now go and try this place ! it 's basically piles of meats ( wat ) or veggies cooked slowly with lots of flavors and served on injera , a sourdough-tasting spongy bread that resembles a large crepe . you tear off pieces and scoop up the forms of wat or veggies . i can not pick a favorite of the meats , although the alicha sega wat is very good . i love the misir wat ( lentils ) and gomen ( collard greens - very garlic-y ) . save room for dessert . a little known fact , but they have some of the valley 's best tiramisu . i happen to love their tres leches cake also . a smooth sweet finish to an otherwise spice-filled meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lalibela , you are my favorite ethiopian restaurant in the valley . i travel to you from sunnyslope as often as i can . everything you serve ( vegetarian ) is delicious , and i often think of your food . consistently delicious and satisfying you are . you have never disappointed me ; this is why you are one of my favorite places that i will never turn down if offered .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is consistently phenomenal here . there are plenty of vegetarian options ( meat as well ) and all the vegetarian food is also vegan . it is a family-owned place i think , and cozy . at least one of the servers seems totally depressed to be there . i think she resents it when you need something -- my main reason for only 4 stars . we just love eating here ! i definitely recommend it if you 're not afraid to stray from american meat + potatoes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "something amazing happens at cafe lalibela . the bread ( whatever it 's called , screw you elitists ) expands in your stomach and continues to do so for hours after the meal . shortly thereafter , you will fall asleep for twelve hours . it is n't really that unpleasant - you just wo n't be hungry again for another two days . the food is so great ! and filling and hearty , and just good ! nomnomnom . i 've never eaten ethiopian food before this , but somehow , it tastes like what mom used to made . warm , fuzzy feelings . if you can make it to dessert , have the raspberry mont cake . it 's a treat with several delicious raspberries at the base , surrounded by white chocolate mousse and a hard pyramid-shaped pink shell . i am so happy to live down the street from this fine establishment . nom !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yikes . i completely forgot about the fact that my boyfriend found a big black hair in the food close to when we were almost finished eating . how could i have forgotten that ? ? as delicious as the food was , that can never happen when you are running a restaurant . super gross : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a huge fan of this place and always will be . my boyfriend and i commonly come to eat , before seeing a show at gammage . the food is always good , the beer is always cold , and the waitresses are always incredibly nice . plus , i love their birthday coupons they send out for you to use the next time your in . i 'm almost positive they never expire too . so worth it ! if you like indian , thai , spices , etc , come . you wont be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the food and the people ! great to come with a group of people and just get huge platter to share . the lentils , potato and cabbage and collard greens are so tasty . they even offer gluten free injeera and a gluten free chocolate cake that is amazing . the ethiopian coffee is sooo delicious i can never pass it up even though it keeps me awake all night . its smooth and doesnt need any sugar or cream . they are opening a store next to the restaurant and you can buy some of their food at whole foods .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "right across the street from two tempe favorites , cornish pasty co. , and cheba hut , lalibela completes a triangle of great tempe spots . this restuarant is better than blue nile in every way . it 's nicer , the food is better , the portions are larger , and the service is nicer . the prices are very reasonable too , and their sourdough like bread is tremendous .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great stuff . very friendly . home cooking . what more could one want ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great place . if you like interesting foods ( indian , thai , middle eastern ) , you will love this place . my first experience with cafe lalibela was take home from whole foods . it was delicious . i figured i had to go to the source to try the food . it was awesome . i love the teff injera bread . their meat dishes are awesome and the portions are quite healthy for the price . if you are in tempe , you need to go to cafe lalibela .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ethiopian food obviously is n't a very popular cuisine in america but this place is definitely worth the try . if you are on a budget i would suggest getting the lunch time sampler for a little less than $ 8 and you can choose from three popular dishes plus your choice of rice or injera ( always get the injera for the full ethiopian experience ) . the best way to describe injera is as a spongy crepe that has a mild sourdough taste . this place is very vegetarian friendly . for my carnivores do n't worry there 's lots of beef and chicken dishes too . however , i would n't recommend mixing chicken and beef dishes unless your stomach is used to that type of mayhem . all of the food is very well seasoned and tender . my favorites are the duro wat , collard greens and potatoes and cabbage . the service is n't spectacular nor is the atmosphere , but the ladies get the job done and refill your cups on a regular . broaden your palate and give this place a try !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had ethiopian food at a place in little ethiopia in la years ago . i did n't love it but friends convinced me to try it again and i 'm so glad i did . my food was delicious and there are a ton of vegetarian options . i specifically recall disliking the injera in la but the injera here was fabulous . vaguely crepe-y and sourdough-y , it was the perfect compliment to my bonanza of lentil-based dishes . service was excellent and had we not been headed to the theater afterward , i would have kept my leftovers . i 'll be they 're even better the second day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's very non threatening , even a fussy eater will love it . i have been eating here since 1997 . it was half the size back then . they did very well and needed more space and took over rasta-tangs spot next door and expanded the restaurant to double it 's capacity . since then waiting for a table is rare . the food is amazing . the ethiopian honey wine is available to buy by the bottle . i buy it and guests at my home are always impressed . after running 10 miles in the morning i like to go here to get my injeera ( pancake bread ) carbo stores back up . the meats you can pick from are all great . i always ask for extra injeera , ca n't get enough of it : ) i have been to the other similar restaurant in tempe . no comparison . i tried it twice to make sure.. it was n't even close . lunch specials come with a drink and are served very quickly for those on a lunch break !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've eaten here five or six times now . my special lady and her family really like this place . and normally i have to , at least 4 stars worth of awesome . that is , until last time ... something in the service is just off at this place . there were three waitresses in the place , and we saw ours exactly twice . finally after waiting an extra 15 for the bill , once we had it we just walked it up to pay . best part , all three of them were just standing behind the counter gossiping away . its friday night , get it done right or do n't do it anymore . i think my feelings here are best summed up by steve buscemi `` the words `` too fucking busy '' should n't be in a waitress 's vocabulary . '' step it up lalibela , or i wo n't be coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is apparently an unpopular opinion , but i found this type of food unappetizing . essentially you select various types of meat and vegetarian options and they are served in little piles on top of a sour , spongey pancake . you tear off parts of the pancake to gather bits from the pile and eat it all together . they say `` you eat with your eyes first '' and perhaps that 's my problem here . the brown piles of food look all the same and just ... .not pretty at all . the taste was n't bad , honestly , but i ca n't really get past the visual . the restaurant was clean . the experience was fun and it was interesting to try food from the ethiopian culture . i just do n't think i want to try again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't know why it took me so long to try lalibela . tucked away in a typical tempe strip mall , lalibela had a decent crowd for 8:00 on a weeknight . and we found out why - the food here is superb . i ordered the vegetable combination and my parner-in-crime ordered the meat combination . his prefered the two beef dishes to the chicken . they are very generous with the inerja here . i loved the tikil gomen ( cabbage ) and the gomen ( collard greens ) , but all four of the dishes were wonderful . i also enjoyed the misir wat ( lentils ) ; my boyfriend said that the lentils were his favorite vegetarian item when he sampled all of my items . the fosolia ( string beans ) was good , but i prefered the other items . order their iced teas ! we had the tossign which was very refreshing and the yekemem shai - which is very similar to a chai .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place for lunch . they have a great lunch special , good price and delicious , and they 're quick for lunch ! and very friendly ! the worst part about coming here for lunch is the parking , if you come at noon it 's quite hard to find a spot because of the two other great lunch places in the plaza . anyway , for the lunch special you can choose three dishes from the 4 meats and 6 vegetarian options , plus you get rice , injeera or both . i love the spicy chicken , spicy beef , spicy lentil , collard greens , and potatoes . ( it 's difficult for me to choose just 3 ! ) it 's a lot of food at a good price . yum .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whenever i travel , i like to find an ethiopian restaurant . it 's usually in a part of town one would n't experience whilst staying in the business district . and it 's usually an eatery , run by a husband and wife team , that 's friendly to solo eaters , as i sometimes am . on top of all that , ethiopian food is honest -- it 's meat and veggies in straight-up yummy sauces , good for your body and mind ! here in tempe , lalibela is a good example of that down-home mom-and-pop cooking , eth-style . it 's also a great spot to bring your friends and family . when you do , try the sampler platters ; they 're the best way to eat ethiopian , emphasizing the communal nature of the feast ( eaten with hands , not flatware ) . the teas are delicious too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for lunch , friendly service and tasty food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is very delicious , but the blue nile up the street is my favorite ethiopian . i recommend everything but the lamb . i really like their doro wat , too . the shuro wat and collard greens . its very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always interested in experiencing different cultures , this was my first endeavor with ethiopian food . went with a couple of gfs for lunch today and we all tried the lunch special sampler . my sampler was comprised of alicha sega wat ( beef ) , doro wat ( chicken ) and fosolia ( string beans , carrots and onions ) accompanied by injera bread . we all found the injera bread to be `` interesting '' as we were expecting a different texture . with hindsight , we felt we should have ordered half rice and half injera as we were all trying things out for the first time . other than the unexpected texture of the bread , the dishes were tasty ( okay but not earth shattering ) . service was okay ( only saw one server for the entire restaurant ) . my rating is 3 . i would come back if a friend wanted to try but i will not initiate a return just because . of course , i encourage anyone to give them a try to see if it satisfies your taste buds .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had sworn off ethiopian food after not liking the bread at my first ethiopian restaurant . this place has reversed my view . i just ate here for a second time in a week . i have had the beef and chicken stew . i love how tender the meat is and the spices they use . i also like how they prepare their collard greens . their homemade cheese was a pleasant surprise -- not as salty as i expected . i was happily surprised by the bread . i was expecting something with the texture of a sponge or carpet -- not that i know what either tastes like . their bread is slightly sponge-y but closer to crepe wraps . the ladies that work the front are perfectly nice . it 's funny to see a mom and pop place like this next to a papa john 's pizza . i am now a fan of ethiopian food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is really cool ! love the food there . lots of options and not pricey . injera is the best !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was very friendly , albeit untimely . we were one of only three tables in the restaurant and we were left waiting a long time for both water refills and our check , each time our server was talking and laughing with another employee at the front of the restaurant . the dining area was very clean but restrooms and what i could see of the kitchen did n't seem super sanitary . the food was good , but nothing that 's going to blow you away . my favorites were the yellow lentils and stewed chicken . pretty sure the `` lamb '' we were served was actually goat . we frequent a birria ( mexican goat restaurant ) and goat has a distinctive flavor , as does lamb which we frequently eat at home . goat is also quite a bit less expensive than lamb . we did n't bring it up to the server but would just like truth in advertising . a little pricey for the amount of food you receive , especially when you consider the complete lack of ambiance and slow service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "eat with your hands ! this place is fantastic ! i love this restaurant . the misr wat ( red lentils ) and tikil gomen ( cabbage and potato ) are my personal favorites ! i love everything about the experience . the friendly and helpful staff can guide you through the menu and ordering . try the iced tea it is bold flavored and unique .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i love eating exotic food . ethiopian happens to be one of our many favorites . we have tried many different ethiopian restaurants , mostly in chicago , and this place ( to our surprise ) was so much better than anything we had back home and at a better price too . here are our favorites : the fish , red lentils , cabbage with potatoes , and the collards . soooo good . we always max out our plates when we go here . not a speck of food left on that large tray . always happy to come here and love to crave it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm salivating thinking about the lalibela exclusive - the sampler plate for three . my friends and i ordered it and our pants were bursting at the seams when we were done ! and we still had n't cleaned house ! i definitely recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for the first time today with my sister for lunch . small and quaint restaurant . service was fast and efficient . i had never had ethiopian food before , and had been putting it off because honestly , it just did n't sound like something i would eat . boy i was wrong- it was very good ! flavorful , and just filling enough without making you feel stuffed . i was n't sure how spicy it would be , so i ordered the mild beef . it was n't spicy at all , so i know that next time ( and yes , there will be a next time ) i will be braver in my ordering . : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "took some friends here the other night , following the tempe oktoberfest , and had the big platter ( plenty for four of us ) . it was tasty , as always , and i think the newbies enjoyed it as well . for those concerned about trying this cuisine for the first time , just imagine that it 's like italian meets indian food . at least that worked for us . definitely check this out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent place to try and most probably fall in love with ethiopian cuisine ! the flavors are absolutely delish , and the variety of choices leaves you with something new to try every time you go . i personally love the chicken lamb stew and the veggie platter . this is a place we usually take our visiting friends family to try out..overall a nice little place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is so good , and amazingly i seem to prefer the vegetarian offerings ! ? ! the injera is a bit of an aquired taste at first , but now i love it . ( see pic of the vegetable combination ) they once went over and above customer service-wise . i 'd ordered one of their combos and a soup to go . the combo and injera come in a few containers , so it was n't until i got home that i realized the soup was n't there . i called to speak with a manager , and asked that instead of a refund , the next time i order can i just have the soup comped . he said no problem . so , the next time we ordered , when i went in to pick up my order , not only was the soup comped , but they comped one of my two entrees as well . i tried to refuse but they would n't let me i 've never eaten in , and i do n't know that i 'd want to , but it 's excellent for takeout and leftovers", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lalibela is a friendly , mom and pop style restaurant . we came with a large group ( and reservations ) for dinner . we shared the meat combination , family style . each combination platter is listed as serving 3 people - but we had 4 people per order and it was more than enough . the food is the best ethiopian food experience i have had . the major flaw was very slow service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved it . i had the vegetable platter and ate the entire thing and almost all of the injera . to drink i had the iced herbal tea . just in phoenix for one night and i 'm so glad i tried this place ! i may try to time my return trip so that i can eat here again in several days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say whether or not blue nile is better than lalibela . they both seem to have their pros and cons , which do n't necessarily have to do with the food 's flavor , but more so personal preferences on texture , price ( blue nile is a bit pricier than lalibela ) , and types of offerings ( blue nile seems to have a more extensive menu than lalibela ) . personally , i prefer to flavor and textures of blue nile but not so much to pay the difference in price . so , i would choose lalibela over blue nile .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like to think that we are adventurous eaters and since it was az restaurant week and i was just fresh off a plane from chicago and starving ... and it was a bit late in the evening ... we decided to give cafe lalibea a try . it was good and interesting food ... we 'd never been to ethiopian food before ... and i would definitely have it again . staff was helpful , the amount of food was a great for the price and it was definitely tasty ... if you 're looking for someplace new to try out and are in the mood for something you might not have tried before - definitely check out cafe lalibela ... !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i think the food is comparable to , if not slightly better , than gojo on thomas . but gojo is so much cheaper . doro wat should come with an egg .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lalibela is significantly better than blue nile , which is the other ethiopian place in town . portions at lalibela are larger and the food is also much better . i 've tried all kinds of different dishes , from the various meat dishes to some of the veggie dishes and even some of the interesting beverages they have , and it has all been good . if you 're looking for a unique but good dining experience , this is definitely a good place to go to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you know how sometimes you know you 're full but the food is so good you just keep eating and eating and then get mad at yourself afterwards ? that 's what happened to me at lalibela with the spicy combination . it 's actually not spicy as in `` hot '' - more like bursting with flavor . i 'm not normally much of a beef person , but the kye sega wat was my favorite part of the dish . it was so good . the server was n't around much but we were pretty busy chatting and chowing down so it was n't a big deal . also , the injera here is different from the stuff at blue nile - i guess this one is less authentic and if you 've had the other stuff you 'll notice the difference , but it still tastes good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two coworkers and i came here for a weeknight dinner a few weeks ago . there were several other tables , including a large group . the large group did slow down our order a bit , but when we did get our food , everyone enjoyed it . i had the doro wat , `` spicy '' ( not spicy ) stewed chicken , and misr wot , `` spicy '' ( not spicy ) red lentils and a side of injera . the food did n't look extremely appetizing , but everything was very good . our server recommended three items per person , but i definitely felt like two with even half the injera was enough . we did have several minutes of waiting on our server ( for water , our check , etc ) , but i will blame the large party for that . i would n't hesitate to come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "still the best in town . i frequently dine here solo or get takeout . the staff know my usual order ( kitfo and shiro wat ) . they are always super attentive and amazingly sweet ! does n't get any better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am upping the rating . best vegetarian options anyone can get . can not go wrong with the vegetable combo . g approved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this little gem thanks to a friend 's recommendation . the spicy meat combo plate was n't terribly hot ( medium heat at best ) , but savory and delicious . while good , the injera was fairly mild and did n't have as strong of a yeasty tang that i typically expect . the iced black tea with chai spices ( `` yekemem shai '' ) is a perfect accompaniment to the meal : the bright flavors provided a refreshing , palate-cleansing break between bites .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "5 stars for the food , service , and location . i love , love , love eating here . the spices are unlike anything i have ever eaten before , and it is absolutely addicting . wonderful for children , vegetarians , families , parties , or getting together with your classier and hard to please food snobs . the only reason i rated a 4 instead of a 5 is the sheer upset my stomach was in for 24 hours following the food . i know that over time , it will get better , but if you have a cautious or `` not-withstanding of new spices '' kind of digestive system , beware !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no complaints about cafe lalibela . i now know where to get my ethiopian fix in the valley . we ordered some kind of large platter , with vegetarian and meat selections . it was delicious . we also had some ethiopian red wine that paired perfectly . mmmm . injera .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "def had better . seems they cater to the locals ... had high hopes and totally disapointed . went for the meat dishes , not sure how the vegetarian plates are .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cafe lalibela 's decor is authentic , understated , and clean , and their staff is friendly and accomodating . we opted to try the lalibela exclusive , which is a suggested combination platter for a party of four . we loved every single thing on the platter , as it had a different flavor that mixed well with the platter in its totality as well as the soft , spongy injera bread that it comes with . additionally , the ethiopian beers were tangy and a must-try . we had a terrific meal and a great time , and i was impressed with how well their suggested combination plate worked , given that many preset options at other restaurants are n't necessarily all the best plates they have to offer in one package . i highly recommend this restaurant to all ethiopian food lovers as well as those who would like to give it a try for the first time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a must when you are visiting phoenix az and craving ethiopian . my husband loved the meat dishes and i loved the vegetarian offerings . they had a different type of injira . it was still quite good . parking might get tight . plan on coming early .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , to be fair , i 've never had any other ethiopian food before . ever . and , this place always gives me a wicked stomach ache , so some sort of spice they use or something does n't agree with me . but , it 's delicious ! and it 's vegetarian options are so tasty too ! so , i 'll continue popping a pepcid and coming here for years to come", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wanta try something a little different and good ? ! hit this place ! ! ideal to go with a few friends and split the big combo ... gives you a little bit of everything and oh so good ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've had ethiopian food before , with lackluster results and so decided that i did n't really like it . but then my parents offered to take me here and pay for my meal ( free food ! ) so of course i accepted . first off the place is small and may look kinda shabby on the inside , but the atmosphere is curiously intimate . i felt like we could sit here for hours savoring our meal and they would not care ! all the ladies that work here are awesome and very attentive . i ordered the vegetarian plate , which comes with three different items plus a small salad & lots of their bread . man , the salad was so good , the dressing is to die for ! i loved everything on my plate and i thought i did n't like ethiopian bread , but that was before i had lalibela ! it was very good and i would so come back here . next time i want to try their soup !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is not that extraordinary but the food ... . oh boy , that 's another story ! because of this restaurant i am absolutely in love with ethiopian food , it tastes wonderful and i crave injera all the time ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! their spicy platter is to die for ! we have been coming here for a long time and they never disappoint ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crazy good vegi platter . gobbled it up . washed it down with a unique stout from ethiopia too . very friendly staff , highly recommend . will be back next time i 'm in phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply put , non better . i have been a patron of theirs for about 4 years and have never had a bad experience , the service is always good and the food is awesome ! for meat eaters on the fence about being a veg , this place just might push you to the other side . all the vegetarian dishes are yum . check em out , you wont be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has been a favorite for us as vegetarians for years and when we went vegan a couple years ago it became an even more prominent part of our diet . the vegetarian combo is perfect for the two of us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is not the ethiopian food i know and the meat quality is poor and it is over priced i would not recommend this to anyone", "score": "1"}
{"review": "delicious ethiopian food right here in the valley . given the typical lack of cultural food options around here , this place is not only a jewel but an absolute staple in this city . i have always ordered food to share and dug in with my fingers but i 'm sure you could do it otherwise if those things do n't sound like fun . always seems like everyone around me is on a date of some sort when i go here . perhaps it 's a way of impressing on your potential-significant-other that you are worldly and open-minded ? maybe it 's because you need a partner in crime to embark on an adventure like ethiopian food ? who knows , but it seems to work for couples who are looking for a fun dinner option .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe i forgot to review this place ! i went a couple months ago with a friend . we were both a little worried that we would n't like it , especially because i had ethiopian food once before and did n't love it . well , i did end up liking this alright ( not my favorite , but definitely not bad ) . i asked the waitress for her suggestion and she seemed a little exasperated with me ( but what do you expect ? ) . at her suggestion , i got the key sega wat ( spicy beef stew ) and the misir wat ( spicy lentils ) . both had a lot of flavor , but neither was really spicy , which disappointed me . i do n't know how soon i would go back here , but if i did ever feel like ethiopian food again , i would give this place another shot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chester 's favorite . chester has been going here for years , and the food and service is always improving . the yellow split peas give a mellow balance to some misir wat ( spicy red lentils ) or chester 's new favorite , cold spicy brown lentils . the cold brown lentils are peppery , lemony , and so fibrous ( be careful ) . food is served with injera , which is a spongy crepe like bread you use to eat the food with . gluten free injera is also available . soon they will carry their stuff at whole turds , too ! chester ca n't wait . p.s . chester says , `` do n't forget the tums ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ethiopian is so tasty , especially at lalibela . blue nile is good but lalibela is better taste-wise . great prices too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "five meats ! that beats our family staple of three per meal . oh , i guess you could get that by ordering a meat lovers pizza which would be served similarly on a round piece of dough , but you would n't be living on the edge - come on , real ethiopian food served by iman look-alikes ! okay , it was only four different meats , chicken , fish , lamb , and two beef stews , but each was uniquely flavored - could have used some indicators about which was which - did n't really matter , we made it , the chick peas , lentils , and collard greens disappear so fast that names are meaningless . maybe the image of lean people ekeing out any type of sustenance from the land made our hands move from the communal platter to our mouths in a continuous rhythm while the food was plentiful . that was my first experience with african food and the spongy sour crepe-like injera bread , and i ca n't wait to introduce the kids to finger eating !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to cafe lalibela for the first time today for lunch . the lunch special was very reasonably priced , and offered a taste of several ethiopian dishes . very tasty food at a good price ? yes please . i 'll be coming back for more very soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best vegetarian resteraunt in the valley . you will not find anything better . a++ dont let the name ethiopian get in the way . try it for yourself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delightful ! i went with some friends there for a birthday celebration . we ordered one of the sampler dishes with meat . omg . i could not stop eating . it was phenomenal . i had had ethiopian food once before and thought the injera bread was too weird . i now realize that other place did n't make it right . i highly recommend cafe lalibela to anyone who loves ethiopian food or enjoys middle eastern food and wants to venture out and is n't afraid to use their hands to eat , as is the ethiopian culture .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great ethiopian restaurant in tempe . compares very favorably with ethiopian restaurants in washington , dc , dallas , and new york city ... we ended up at an ethiopian restaurant ( cafe lalibela ) . we ordered lamb , chicken ( doro wat ) , beef along with potato , green beans , and turnip greens for veggies . very tasty . silky bread here compared favorably to addysbia in dallas . prices were incredibly low . if i had n't completely destroyed the usb card reader , i would have pictures of the great food . also did n't get to take a picture of the girl in the corner that got viper dubbed the name `` mr . obvious '' . her boyfriend looked annoyed . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dinner for two on a friday night at 6:45 with no wait ! our server was very friendly and helpful . i had the hot coffee leaf tea ( or something like that ) which was good , much like a traditional black tea , not too strong . my friend tried the honey wine , which she liked . it tasted much like mead i 've had in the past , sweet with a good kick of alcohol . we got the chef 's favorite and vegetable sample plates , everything on it was good . i 'm not sure what the cheese like stuff is , it was a bit bland , but i guess it was probably meant to be sprinkled over the salad . lalibela 's will be thrown into my rotation when i 'm feeling like something a little different .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had ethiopian food for the first time in solvang , ca and fell in love . i tend to like tangy food and boy did this cuisine deliver . rich , savory , tangy flavors.. drools this place has delicious , authentic , affordable food and good service . the only thing lacking is the environment . the setting is a bit boring and dated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first visit to lalibela . i was promptly seated and provided a menu . my guest and i opted for the vegetarian combo platter which is supposed to feed a party of three . now being from ny , i am very familiar with good ethiopian and eritrean foods . lalilbela was satisfying but not up to par to what i am used to . the customer service was fair but an overall pleasant experience . i am open to visiting again in hopes that i will gain more appreciation for this location . overall a b- .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "overpriced , inconsistent flavors , odd hours . cuisine itself , however , is very enjoyable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been there many times and loved it every time . i tried many things from the menu and they are amazing especially for the spicy food lovers . prices are reasonable but the lunch porsions can be a little bigger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i now know why ethiopians are so skinny , their food is gross and a huge pain in the ass to eat . i would n't eat it either if it was all i had . the whole eating with your hands might be quaint for some folk , i just find it welfare and cheap . call me crazy , but i enjoy a utensil now and then . i say to the folk of ethiopia `` treat yoself - get some forks '' . all in all i 'd say that 's as close to ethiopia as i hope to ever come , and the next time someone recommends this restaurant or type of food , it will serve as grounds to immediately never speak to them again and put a horrible curse on their sad existence .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ca n't see what other people love about this place . it was just okay . less variety and more expensive than most ethiopian places i 've gone to . i prefer gojo on e. thomas about 10,000 times more than cafe lalibela . will not return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we went with other cs in our culinary tour . they were kind to sit all of us ( more than 20 persons ) . good service , and the ladies were patient to take our order . we had the party trays , which says it is for 3 , but it was good for 5 average persons . you get to try more than 4 different things and be satisfied . it is all about trying ... and this is a good place to start !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here is great ! there are vegetarian options ( for those that care about that sort of thing ) but , i 'm a fan of the spicy combination . it 's the spicy beef stew , chicken stew ( doro wat ) and lentils . it comes served on top of injera . injera is the ethiopian bread . the flavor is similar to sour dough and the texture is sort of like a thicker , more stretchy cr\u00eape . it threw me for a loop upon first bite and then continued to grow on me.the doro wat was so impressive i taught myself how to make it . the portions do n't seem that big until you start eating ... then you realize some of it is going into the box . then again , i may just be weak willed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is pretty good . i came from la and went to little ethopia on fairfax and was spoiled with all of the ethiopian restaurants out there . i really like the spicy meat options at this place and the fact that they have gluten free injira . they even have a decent lunch special . service is quick and the staff is really friendly . they also sell some of their products in whole foods now which is convenient because i live much closer to a whole foods . if they made sambusas here , they would probably get 5 stars ! that may be the america in me but they are sooooo delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had lunch there this past weekend . yum ! ! ! the service was excellent . the food was delicious ! really delicious ! ! i 'm vegan and like locally sourced ingredients . that 's what they have here along with dishes for omnivores , too . i had a sampler platter ... four dishes and their special bread . it was amazing . looking forward to eating there again , soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "four of us enjoyed dinner there this week but within hours three of us had major stomach issues which to put it mildly put a damper on our enthusiasm for this restaurant . be warned . we had beef , chicken , salad and vegetarian dishes . caveat emptor !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "consistent ethiopian food . always fresh and tasty . for some reason ethiopian food tends to be polarizing - either you love it or hate it . but , i 've taken several friends here and they all have loved it ! they have recently branched out by having their food sold at whole foods in tempe . nice to see food from the continent reach the masses . i wish them continued success !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for some authentic ethiopian coffee . think i got it , came out in a clay pot pored into a tiny coffee cup . tasted like a fresh espresso , and seem to have a little more caffeine then a cup of coffee i am used to . i might venture into some food next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place might be my favorite restaurant in az . the food is all incredibly affordable , always served very quickly and the options are great . this place boasts an impressive vegan and vegetarian menu and literally everything on it is amazing . service is always good as well , my drinks are always refilled , food comes fast , and the staff is very kind . overall , definitely recommend ! great way to experience ethiopian food and great dinner out without spending a lot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was real dissapointment because i really trusted the reviews but i realize there are couple of important factors . 1. this is college town 2 . az ( no offense ) is n't the capital of great food . 3. a 20 yr palate is different from a 40+ yr old palate . sorry to be such a snob but truly this food was just okay . if you 're a foodie and really know great ethiopian i would suggest you do n't eat here . while the wait staff are really wonderful the food was just okay , presentation is nothing like usual ethiopian fare ( family style ) . the dobo wat was ordinary and my favorite ( gomen ) was tasteless . they did n't include that grumbly cheese and my doro did n't have the typical egg . the sauce lacked flavor .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my tip for you ? go with 2 or 3 or 4 friends and get the exclusive combination . that way you 'll get a chance to try a lot of the great representative dishes . that is what i did recently while visiting from out of town . the four of us shared the combination and it was a perfect amount of food for us and a good variety of things . the greens ( gomen ) are some of the best i 've had . the meats that we had were flavorful and interesting . the lamb ( yebeg alicha sega wat ) was excellent . the rentals were good but the chickpeas were a little flavorless . but everything else in the combo was a home run . i took family members who never had ethiopian food and they really enjoyed it . best i 've had in a long time . be sure to fight over the injera that has soaked up the sauce from each dish that was sitting on it . it is some of the yummiest parts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . i just tried the other ethiopian restaurant in the valley , and was disappointed , and my gratitude for cafe lalibela multiplied . the food here is fresh and authentic , and the staff are really nice . i 'm so lucky to live down the street ! tons of vegan options , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time having ethiopian cuisine , and i can not wait to go back . we came in with a group of 6 adults and 3 kids , so we zeroed in on a couple of family platters . the experience of eating family style with your hands was just as good as the food itself - maybe even made it taste better ? reminded me in many ways of indian food , which we eat quite often , without the heat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing injera . we got the lalibela combo platter for 3 . delicious chicken and beef , only wish the lamb was n't sold out by the time we ordered .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had n't eaten ethiopian in over a decade before visiting this cozy spot in tempe so i was expecting to be wowed . even though we were standing at the entrance for a little while before a table was cleaned off , the waiter cordially greeted and seated us . it 's a family restaurant so they can handle large groups . we ordered a meat platter and a veggie one . the food was okay , not incredibly flavorful ( the way i remembered ethopian food. ) . at first glance i thought the lamb was chicken and to tell you the truth , i could n't taste the difference . the beef was obviously red meat , but tasted only slightly different from the other meats . the yellow peas tasted lightly seasoned , and so did the cabbage . i thought the green bean and carrot mix was the tastiest but unfortunately we had only one portion of it . the injera was okay - there was an ample amount of it . did n't order dessert because nothing screamed ethiopian dessert . what they served i could order at several other restaurants .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . i have yet to have something there that i did not love and i have been there plenty of times . the food and experience is wonderful , there are plenty of meat and vegetarian options on the menu and the way it is served will make everyone happy . the food is brought to you on a plate on top of injera , a flat , spongy , moist bread with a taste similar to sourdough . pieces of injera are torn off and used to scoop grab bites of the portions , no silverware . they have traditional ethiopian drinks and liquor , too . they have lunch specials where the portions are served wrapped burrito style , which was my first experience and absolutely amazing . cafe lalibela is a must , something wonderful to experience , a delightful culinary peek into another country and culture . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how ironic . it was around 26 years since we had eaten ethiopian food . we just do n't have any near home . when we were in phoenix around the 24th of august , we celebrated our 25th anniversary at this restaurant which was within 5 minutes of our motel . they were very busy with quite a variety of clientele and the food was delicious . we only wished we could take some with us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice retaurant in az ... nice selection and very authentic . i definitely recomend this place if you are in phoenix area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great stuff we got the two person vegan platter . all items were great . prices were reasonable and service was very friendly . i would definitely go again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so very excellent ! my experience with ethiopian food is limited , and i desperately wish i lived closer to tempe so that i could fix it by going to cafe lalibela all the time . my companion and i got an assortment of vegetarian and meat dishes ( i forget what the special was called ) and all of the meat options nearly made me cry from joy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lalibela feels like a place you 'd imagine stumbling into on the streets of addis ababa , close to where the owners are actually from . the food is consistently fresh , delicious and reasonably priced and the selection of ethiopian beverages is a lot of fun to explore . improvements : the staff is extraordinarily reserved and a couple ceiling tiles need replacement .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great ethiopian food in phx . the vegetarian combo was awesome . just the right amount of spiciness . the injera was lighter and thinner than i have before , but very flavorful . i thought it was one of the better injeras i have had . the food is great , the price is low and you will always leave full . you ca n't go wrong . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i work nearby and this is my favorite lunch spot . $ 8.99 for their lunch special is a great deal where you get three dishes plus injera or rice . the service is friendly and the food comes out quickly . you ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu . misir wat and yekik alicha are my two favorite dishes . i always get those two and vary the third option . they recently opened a market next door where you can buy food to go , injera , spices , and other ethiopian items . i recommend the berbere spice . it 's incredibly versatile and one of my favorite spices . i use it frequently when cooking at home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible injera , it was not warm or fresh at all . i have been to many ethiopian restaurants . they explained that i must have gotten injera from places that serve fresh injera out the oven . wth", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was great . service was wonderful . will come back again next time we are in the phoenix area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! i had initially started coming here a few years ago , when i was a student at asu . the place was just as awesome as i remembered it - and everything on the menu except for the injera is gluten free . as someone with celiac i have a new appreciation for this place . they even have gluten free injera that can be substituted and it is amazing ! thank you cafe lalibela , i 'll be back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my girlfriend to cafe lalibela for valentine 's day , because no hallmark holiday would be complete without injera and spicy lentils . she was an ethiopian neophyte and also has a spice disability , so she ordered the mild beef stew , collard greens and the homemade cheese , which was similar to feta , but milder and not as salty . i ordered the vegetarian combo : collard greens , the cabbage and carrots , green salad and lentils . the novelty of using an neatly rolled spongy napkin as a utensil makes me blissfully content and causes a childlike glee at subverting the norm . the did not have honey wine , which was a disappointment , but we did order the hot tea with cardamon , cinnamon and other treats . the portions were more than filling , although the garlic in the collard greens would cause the entire cast of twilight to run for the hills . overall , it was a lovely meal and i would give it two food stained thumbs up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious and fresh and the staff are so nice ! tons of vegan options too ! we will be back ! they also sell some of their items at whole foods .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my third time here and once again it was a really good experience . we ordered # 21 and it did n't disappoint . 21 has beef , yellow peas and a potato carrot cabbage dish . all were well made and flavorful . i love the sourdough flavor of the 'bread ' -- not too sour to be overwhelming but a kick to know it 's a bit different . service is always ok ... not exceptional but usually given with a smile . seating is never a problem , even with a larger group . we 'll be back again !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when it comes to traditional ethiopian fare , this joint ca n't be beat in the valley . my favs ? the shorba soup ( a vegetarian take on the traditional shorba ) and the misir wat ( a spiced red lentil dish ) . and while it 's not ethiopian , the tiramasu is a must-have !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh man this place was great . i am persian and the food is very reminiscent to persian stews . lots of meats and veggies . the rice was delicious . the cold lentils were so freaking good . citrus'y , spicy , seriously try the cold lentils . i ill absolutely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no complaints . it 's been over ten years and the veggie plates did not disappoint . meals for two are the ticket as in full course . mango juice is great . had to top the birthday bash off with some authentic ethiopian coffee . ( see pic ) everyone enjoyed their meals and of course i shared the coffee with three others that happen to like a little java . stop in enjoy some good food and great service . peace .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i love ethiopian food , and there 's a couple of restaurants that specialize in that type of cuisine and while they are all good this place is the best of all of them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got the spicey combination it was good but too greassssyyyyy ... nice staff maybe next time i 'll try the vegetarian dish ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my stepdad took me and my mom here to try for the first time . i never had ethiopian foods before but i 'm always up to try something new . we came here right when it opened up so it was empty . the layout of this restaurant is very simple and very traditional looking . i love the pictures that are hung around this restaurant . we first started off with their lentil soup . it was good and had a very similar taste to a tomato soup.. all three of us ordered diff entrees . it was definitely very different compared to what i usually eat but it was still very good . the meat was placed on top of this spongy looking crepe which tasted like a sourdough bread . i got three diff kinds of meat : beef , pork and chicken which had the right amount of sauce over it ! ! it had so much flavor and tasted very good with the crepe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ... where to start ... right when you enter the eatery , the environment is very friendly as well as the staff ! the food was great ! and being half ethiopian , i know quality ethiopian food . their injera had a doughy texture and was amazing and i really recommend the lalibela exclusive if you 're coming with a group or with the family . you can even also add other entrees with it and i really recommend their shiro wat too . price was also reasonable and you will leave stuffed and satisfied ! ! lalibela wo n't disappoint you ! great ethiopian restaurant overall ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soooo delicious ! i really miss this place . the veggie dishes are flavored to perfection . the lunch specials are an amazing deal and the owners servers are friendly and attentive . i only wish they served organic produce and meats !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is good and they give generous portions . the interior is nicely furnished and has several pictures and items from ethiopia . their wine selecton looks good but i have only been here for lunch . you ca n't go wrong with any of their combo dishes . one warning though , this place might make you a bit gassy ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing ! the mild beef stew ( forget how to spell the ethiopian name ) is excellent , and leaves a sweet aftertaste making you want more . the yellow split peas and vegetable dishes are also very good . and the price is very affordable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was tasty . i ordered the veggie combo , and was a little disappointed that it did n't come with more of a variety of things , especially for $ 12 . but what it did come with was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place especially if you bring the whole clan and get the meat and veg combo plates to share . very nice server as well . lemoncello cake was the only disappointment , just a basic lemon cake .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is not the most authentic ethiopian food , but it is one of the better ones in az . the food was full of flavor and spice . the sour injera ( spongy bread ) with alicha sega wat ( beef stew ) is delicius . i also enjoy getting the combos which includes three different stews . it 's a great way to find out what you like .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was wonderful . $ 7.99 for lunch . quick service . friendly staff . great food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had come here with my friends on a weekend . great ambience , polite people . food is healthy and delicious . being an indian , i found ethiopian food is very similar to the indian food . i ordered a veggie platter that comes with around 4 types of dishes and a big janjiera ( very much like a dosa ) . i absolutely enjoyed the combination . there are good options for vegetarians and vegans as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just went in to pick up a to go order for my mom and after having one bite of her spicy lentil wrap with cabbage and potatoes , i know that i will be back in about 4 hours for dinner . it smelled amazing inside , the woman at the front counter ( who was also serving ) was very sweet and helpful , and the ambiance inside was perfect ! ca n't wait to come back tonight and indulge !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the spicy combo was excellent and i would def recommend it to anyone who likes a bit of spice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a lot of veggie and meat options . veggies are more bland , but i still enjoyed the lentil type stuff . the combo meat dishes were pretty flavorful . it was my first time having ethiopian food , so ... not bad . ca n't compare to other places . friend ordered a special hot tea that 's supposed to be good for people with a cold ( indicated in menu ) . she told me not to get it because it tastes like `` earth '' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there 's no other way to describe cafe lalibela other than saying that it 's truly a gem . we have traveled to phoenix a couple of times and every time we come we have to visit cafe lalibela . we would love to try other meals as the food is divine , but we always order the same thing - the lalibela exclusive platter . it 's an incredible medley of wonderful ethiopian dishes . you ca n't go wrong . if yelp had 10 stars , this place would get it . aside from the incredible food , the service is top notch . make sure you ask for mona , she 's truly special !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was flavorful and plenty of it . eating with only your fingers is quite fun - make your momma proud . my girlfriend won the best dish of the night - lentils and chicken and cabage carrots . it all had kind of sweetish bitterish spicy flavor . i had the lamb and jalape\u00f1o dish , which was kind of greasy . you eat with your fingers and can scoop up the food with the bread they give you - a tartish type crepe , which goes well with the food . i 'd be happy to go back and try something different . if you are used to frozen pizzas and burger king , you might want to stick with that as this experience might bit be as enjoyable as those who are more open to what they consume .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg , oh so good . gives me gas and makes me tired after lunch , but it 's well worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "go here if you are looking for simple flavorful homemade style of food . we ordered the lalibela deluxe which consisted of 4 non veg items and 6 veg items . though it 's mentioned as a platter for 2 , we were 3 and it was more than enough for us . they serve additional injera along with the platter . all in all it was a great experience and good food . will go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was spotty ( we literally had to go get someone to refill out waters ) . food was good , i 've only eaten at one other ethiopian place ( zemam 's in tucson ) but the food here was on par with what i 've eaten there . the injera was wonderful and tasty . the dishes we had on our injera platter included : lentils , lamb , chicken , collard greens , cabbage and potatoes . the decor was simple , with ehtiopian art adorning the walls . the woman who was our waitress was nice , but not very attentive . i would probably go there again as the food was good , but considering that there were n't even that man people in the restaurant ( four tables when we arrived , but two left pretty early into our meal ) . so considering they could n't even take care of two tables leaves me wondering if their service is also this spotty . on their business card it also says they have great tiramisu . sadly , i did not get a chance to try it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was the best meal that i 've had in a very long time . i had the fish , spicy chicken , and lamb . i also loved the amber beer which had a mellow , smokey , slightly chocolaty flavor . but bitter at all . a word to the wise , spicy on their menu means flavorful but very , very mild heat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only place i 'll eat ethiopian cuisine around the valley . i 've had it in a few different cities and i still think this establishment is the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first yelp ever ! and cafe lalibela is most deserving to get my first yelp . i have been eating there since 2003 . back when i lived in tempe , i wanted to try something different , and ethiopian food was one thing that i had never tried before . and in one sitting , cafe laibela made ethiopian food my favorite ethnic choice . i still stop in whenever i go to tempe . i highly recommend their lamb dish called yebeg alicha wat , but if you are more of a beef person , then you 'll like kye segwa wat . try their kootee tea too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was amazing ! i love ethiopian food and this one ranks up there . was a little disappointed that it was n't authentic to the point where we would sit on the floor , but otherwise , i have zero complaints about the food itself . there were three of us and we got the platter for two and it was plenty for all of us to get full . and i ca n't say enough about a restaurant where you eat with your hands - best way to eat in my opinion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time trying ethiopian food . overall : not bad , but i 'd request a side of white rice . the entree-accompanying bread is somewhat sponge-like and was exciting at first , but my friend and i were over it by the end . for 2 people , we ordered 2 meat & 2 vegetarian entrees . i ca n't remember the names but here are our entrees , in order of most to least favorite ( but they were all great ) : beef stew , spicy chicken , peas tumeric , and green beans carrots . amount was good , but maybe a little too much . probably could have split 3 entrees , but we thoroughly enjoyed picking at all 4 !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for 15 years & it is always delicious & consistent ! ! ! the owners staff family are super sweet & genuine . my personal fav is the veg platter & the soup . my daughter is a big fan of the injera bread too . it is not close to me , but i am more than willing to make the trek to get take out when a craving hits , which is often ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been waiting to try lalibela for a few weeks and was extremely excited to hit the cafe up last night . i must say , i was a tad disappointed . we had great service . my drink was never dry and we got our food really quickly , but this could be because we got there at about 530pm and there was only one couple eating . the food was good , but not overly flavorful . we got great portions , but i think they were a little overpriced . the cafe itself is relatively cool . they have some interesting painting and artifacts on the wall and are in an easy to find location . i will go back again . it was good , but it was n't great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love ethiopian food , and i love cafe lalibela . their vegetarian combo plate is always reliably filling and flavorful , and the spiced iced tea hits the spot in the summer weather . my meat-eating friends tell me the meat dishes are great as well , but they recommend doing a combo rather than the big plates of just one type . apparently too much of one gets overwhelming . i alternate between here and blue nile because i love them both !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have no idea what i just ate but it was so good i cried a little . service was very nice , wood panel walls remind me of the shining . spicy pork thing was ridiculous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum yum yum is what i have to say about this place . i live right near it . do n't go often but when i do it never disappoints", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first foray into ethiopian food and i was impressed . it 's a cross between indian and morroccan , with the wonderful addition of injera . i loved the family style , non-utensil , get your fingers dirty style . i had some definite favorites , but without labels on the 15 items i tried , i have no idea what my favorites were ) . looking forward to going back for more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty good . i 've only had ethiopian once before , but the food was delicious and delivered quickly ( we ordered the staples , meat stews on spongy bread ) . reasonable prices also . they had a log of vegetarian dishes i 'd like to try in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was excellent . everyone in our group raved about the flavor and quality . however the service was simply awful . the waitress clearly did n't care to be there , and we did n't get a single drink refill the entire time . not one . not even water .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service is slack but the food was great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish i could agree with all the great reviews as well , but i ca n't . we went right after shabbat was over , and it was very busy ( saturday night ) . there was food , paper and crumbs all over the table and under the table where we sat at . the food taste good , but nothing in comparison to what i am used to . the injera bread was ok , but not great . had to keep asking the waitress for refills and napkins . overpriced for the food ... my opinion . i have experience ethiopian restaurants in american ( southwest region ) and this just did not impress me . limited parking when it is crowded in that plaza .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was a bit too different for me , but i think we all enjoyed trying it . i do n't expect we 'll be back until we have friends visiting who are very adventurous . everything is stewed or sauces served with their sourdough crepe bread to scoop it up with . we loved the collard greens the best . the beef was great too ! be warned - they use a huge amount of butter . if you 're sensitive to dairy , you 'll have an upset stomach later .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally got to go here again for my 2nd time after a long wait from the 1st time . i enjoy this place , it is very different that almost anywhere else we go both in food and atmosphere . the lunch special is very affordable and gives you a chance to try 3 different foods .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing flavor fusion . wonderful staff and great food . was pleasantly surprised definitely worth a try , especially for vegans and vegetarians !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thoroughly enjoy the food and service . it is my daughter 's and my go to place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place , first time trying ethiopian food and it was fantastic . got a couple beef dishes and one vegetable for a fairly reasonable price . all the food is served with warm injira bread which is kind of like a sourdough crepe that is awesome . if you 're in tempe and looking for great food at a reasonable price this is the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eating with a fork is optional - how great is that ? ( not a first date recommendation my friends ! ! ) good service always . interesting menu options always . wishing i brought more friends so we could order more variety - always ! personal favs - the collard greens and the spicy beef , skip the rice and eat more magic sponge stuff ( i think in the bible they called it 'manna from heaven '' ) . all round neat place to eat especially if you get bored with mainstream corporate chains like moi !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a few weekends ago my sister and i decided to try ethiopian cuisine . wanted to try something different so we went to lalibela on a sunday night . the restaurant is n't fancy by any means . i had no idea what the food was going to be like but we were pleasantly surprised . the staff was very helpful especially in the menu choices . we chose the veggie and meat combos respectively . the only thing we were n't too fond of on the place was the collared greens . everything else was delicous . if you 've never eaten ethiopian before its a trip . instead of regular utensils there is a bread called injera which is kind a spongey flatbread . basically you scoop up what you want to eat with said bread . they do serve beer did not try any , the chai tea was very tasty . subdued and not too spicy . the meals seem to be served family style for sharing which is perfect for small groups . if you are willing to step outside the bounds of conventional dining you will definitely enjoy the experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband & i used to go to cafe lalibella about 14 years ago when we lived in tempe . we 're back in phoenix & went to get dinner & cafe lalibella was as awesome as ever . their veggie entrees are exceptional . i swear their food is the best ethiopian food that i 've eaten , & i 've lived in nyc , philadelphia & seattle . get the veggie combo , the spiced tea & some samosas . enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is delicious ! plenty of vegetarian options . great prices . i love i ! the menu is huge . i am a vegetarian , so i have only tried the veggie options , but i love them all . the food is amazing , and the lunch special gives you the opportunity to try several of their amazing dishes . you can also choose a side of rice , their spongy bread or both . i always get both . it has been awhile since i have been there , but i love it so much i have wanted to give them the five star review they deserve .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could say i found this gem on my own , but alas i stole it from az centrals list of top ethnic restaurants . i agree ! ! we went for lunch and the lunch combo is cheap and a good size portion ! the food is flavorful and unique . depth of flavor was impressive . if applebee 's is your idea of a good dinner this place may not be for you . but if it 's something out of the ordinary you crave , head to cafe lalibela", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very interesting food . you combine three or four small dishes . they have different variations of meat , vegetables and lentils . you eat with your hands and use a special type of bread as silverware .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the food is crazy delicious and the service is good . they are quick at lunch and have great lunch specials during the week . i have never had a bad meal here . the menu is great and everything they make is delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i eat here at least once a week . i love the food , the gluten free injera and the service is pretty consistent . been a go to spot of mine for many years now ... will continue to be that..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the mild platter , with the mild beef , lamb and some sort of veggie dish . the flavors were excellent , and all melded well together . it went very well with the light ethiopian beer . i was interested in trying an ethiopian dessert , but they did n't have any that night . very fast service without being pushy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so delicious ! perfectly filling without feeling stuffed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in to this place only to find it extremely packed so i knew it had to be good . typical ethiopian restaurant ambiance . large servings and meats were full of flavor . the only thing i was n't big on was how they served the injera in wooden baskets , but that 's just me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is delicious , but it is extremely overpriced . you 'll pay 6 bucks for 1 scoop of veggies . if you 've never had ethiopian food you should try it then look up the recipe and make it at home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , i do not get why so many people like this place unless they like it because it is ethnic and different . i went with a group of friends , some of whom are vegetarian . we had 3 children with us . it is in a strip mall on university . it has very basic decorating . the owner was our waiter , his wife was in the restaurant and so was his child who ran around the whole time . we ordered 2 of the large assortment platters where you get a scoop of everything . we ordered injera bread and various drinks . i frankly felt overcharged for scoops of food that were clearly not freshly prepared but froma steam table . who knows when it was prepared ! sorry if you do not agree but food from a steam table is not worhty of the price they charge . i will not go back again . this is not the first ethiopian restaurant we have been to and not the best .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never had any kind of african food that i know of , but this place is fantastic . i really like the sour bread injer with the wat . i 've been on a special diet for a while and this fair right into it and it tasted delicious i recommend this place to anyone who likes to try ethnic food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time going and first time trying ethiopian food . they got my order wrong and it was n't even busy . the taste of ethiopian food is good and is similar to indian food . ok not exactly though . indian food is more vibrant for the taste buds and colorful to look at and the flavors are just wow lol ... i 'm indian so i could be bias . lol but it was a cool experience to try something new .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place ! it is a hole in the wall treasure ! i have got so many people addicted to ethiopian because this place is that good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been obsessed with lalibela for years now . i have been trying food from all over their menu and look forward to the days that i have enough friends to get the large platter of yummy goodness . if you have not tried you definitely should great food and amazing staff . try some of their country 's wines and beers . you will enjoy this little culinary adventure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is so nice to go into a restaurant and be able to relax . the restaurant is very clean and comfortable which is important to my comfort . it is our first visit to this restaurant . there are meat selections but the meat eaters choose to share the vegan platter with us . there was plenty of good food for all of us and everyone was totally satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cafe lalibela is great ! i 've only had ethiopian at one other restaurant ( in dc ) , but as far as i can tell , this place rocks ! we order the vegetarian platter . i 'm a pretty picky eater , but have no issues and love trying everything in the platter ! the service is great - i 've been here on weeknights as well as weekends and they always seat us quickly and the service is superb . the injera is amazing - order extra !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like this place . we 've eaten here twice now and the food is consistently good . i met a woman from ethiopia who said it is very authentic food and she also recommends lalibela . the staff is very attentive and the price very reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "1st time here . the food is excellent . a nice alternative to mexican , fast food , or sandwiches .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . their iced tea with cinnamon and cardmom is refreshing , and the food is of high quality . my favorite is the mild beef stew . no gristle or fatty chunks , just tender meat and lots of flavor . friend of mine had the chicken , and it is spicy and i 'm not very keen on hot spiciness , but it 's so good i think i 'm going to just order extra rice with it next time so i can get through it . yes it 's worth it ! hey- if you 're cursed with wimpy taste buds , you do what you got ta do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty solid ethiopian food . my only comparisons are chicago-based , but this was a nice find . ( this is really late ... so i hope they 're around and still serving the same i had - it was awesome ! )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an interesting place to go eat ! the food is always so yummy and it 's an experience visiting this restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great success for my first taste of ethiopian food . i am a sucker for easy going and calm restaurant environments , and this place totally hit the mark . i enjoyed reading through all of the different options one could choose to eat . although it has been awhile since my first visit ( thus , i 've forgotten specifics as to what my date and i ordered ) , everything tasted great . i enjoyed the vast variety of vegetarian dishes to select from . i believe i ordered a spicy lamb dish . regardless , super yummy and i love the excuse to eat with my hands . definitely recommend to try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love ethiopian food ! i came here for lunch and ordered the vegetarian platter , green beans and bread to go . the presentation was nice and colorful and the aroma smelled nice . when my boyfriend and i started eating , the food was very bland . it all tasted like it soaked in water then stirred to look fresh . it was depressing ! i then had to go to me cabinet to add some basic flavor to make it edible . i did n't spend money for nothing so of course i 'm going to do what i can to eat it . would i try this place again ? maybe , in hopes that i came during rush hour and the chef had to quickly make food . but i would n't plan going out if my way to try it again as i live in north scottsdale . if i 'm in the area , maybe and i wo n't get it to go do i can address any issue if there is one with my food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really good , really unique . i had never had ethiopian food , but we went out with ( vegetarian ) friends who recommended it , and we 're always game for something new . super-friendly owner and waitstaff . the food was super tasty and lots of fun . i decided to pass on the meat dishes and go veggie like our friends did , and we had a wonderful array of stews . i ordered the vegetarian was terrific . a couple of lentil dishes , chickpeas , split yellow peas , string beans w carrots & onions , and a potato cabbage mix . really tasty , and fun to pick up the stews with the injera ( kind of like a firmer crepe pancake . reminded me of eating a mix of moroccan , lebanese and indian foods . so good . the iced black tea ( with cinnamon , cardamom & cloves ) is a great accompaniment . we 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very clean and nicely decor . friendly staffs and good food . the lunch special is 3 combination of your choice for $ 8.99 come with either rice or injera bread . beef lamb chicken lentils cabbage or collard green . i had chicken , cabbage and collard greed+injera , it was delicious but need more stronger flavor . when you check in on yelp , you 'll get 1 free soft drink , which is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was excited to try my first taste of ethiopian food so we drove all the way to tempe ! i ordered the spicy combination with chicken , beef , and lentil stews and my boyfriend go the meat combination which also had the spicy chicken , spicy beef , and a buttery chicken stew . these meals came with something called injera which is like a tortilla like flat bread that is soft , chewy , a bit like sponge texture . everything was delicious ! my favorite was the spicy chicken stew . the flavor was bold , the chicken was tender , and with the injera was awesome ! overall it reminded me of some of my favorite indian food at punjabi tandoor . the portions were large and the service was great . next time , i want to try their tiramisu which won best in the valley !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place rocks ! i had never experienced ethiopian cuisine before here , but after my first trip to lailibela , i 've been hooked - i have even taken three friends on separate occasions to this place . i have very severe celiac disease , and i have not experienced a cross contamination issue here once . the service is great , helpful , and kind . ca n't wait to return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have gone to lalibela a few times 1 ) 1st time with my mother and wife . the food was good . we are all familiar with ethiopian food . maybe the food was a bit americanized , as we have eaten ethiopian food elsewhere in the usa . we got a standard vegetarian combo meal . 2 ) i have taken a few of my work colleagues to this place , as i work nearby . they were from toronto , and others were from italy . for having never eaten ethiopian food before , all were impressed . they found the food good quality . one of my colleagues called the food `` yummy '' .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cafe lalibela was soooo good fascia was amazing ! ! ! the dodo wat was good and best ethiopian food in phoenix ! i loved my server fascia i am a very foodie person and cafe lalibela is the best ethiopian restaurant in phoenix az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome experience ! the food excellent . what a great combination of flavors . i recommend a sampler to try a few things at once . i had never been to an ethiopian restaurant and had to go to youtube to learn how to eat it properly . turns out the video was shot in this restaurant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time having ethiopian and i can tell you that i was very pleased . i thought all the onions ( because they have onions in everything ) would get my tummy upset but it went down smooth . i assumed the lamb stew would be the best thing about my entr\u00e9e ( # 5 , 8 and 9 ) but the spiced red lentils were amazing . the injera takes a little getting used to but after awhile , you just ca n't help yourself . even if you order the half pot of ethiopian coffee , share it with a friend because they bring out plenty . my only complaint is that i 'm not fat enough to really pig out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at least a solid 4-star rating ! we went there last night as a party of 3 . my wife & i had eaten at blue nile a few years ago and enjoyed it , but on this occasion we took our sister-in-law to lalibela for a new experience . we were all pleased with the prompt greeting , seating of our choice , and efficient , friendly service . we ordered the 3 person assorted platter with several choices each of meat and vegetarian dishes , nicely spiced , with ample injera to mop it up with . added a bottle of wine and a couple of ethiopian beers and the evening was complete . no one went home hungry , and all were plotting for our return visit ! you ca n't go wrong choosing lalibela , especially if your group enjoys trying new cuisines and loves great food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first experience with ethiopian food . all i can say is wow ! amazing ! ! ! ! the food was fabulous and the staff was very friendly . a nice family restaurant . we will be back very soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love ethiopian food and although this place is ok , i have had better . i did n't care for the service we received but the food was good . there are other ethiopian restaurants i would pick before heading to this one but if you are in the area and want to give it a try it 's a great option .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty inexpensive , and still the best ethiopian spot in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really tasty food . great price . friendly and relaxed hospitality . i had the `` three meat combination '' wat platter . it was sublime !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great ethiopian ... only reason it does n't get five stars is that i 've been to adams morgan in dc and had some really great ethiopian ! for the valley , this is one of the best places to find ethiopian and the vegetarian platter is very good . plus , they have sweet wine here ... guaranteed to make your visit even better ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i came here for an early dinner . neither of us know much about ethiopian food so we opted for the lalibela exclusive to share . it was a little more pricey but came with tons of food and choices . we dominated the entire meal and then shared a slice of tiramisu made homemade by our waiter . the service was great and the atmosphere authentic . we 'll be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic food , great service . spicy combo is delicious . something for everyone . not a fan of sharing food generally , but came as a couple so it was ok . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered the sampler platter which was plenty of food for three adults . for my first ethiopian experience i was very impressed . the food was delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! ! ! the staff is very friendly ; it has a great atmosphere ; and , the lunch special can not be beaten ! and , if you are a vegetarian , there is plenty for you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "surprisingly good ! we order a vegan plater that was for 4 people and it was just right . this was my first time eating ethiopian food and i can say that it was really tasty and i will definitely try it again . i 'm not vegan myself , but some of the people i was with were . i think i will try a meat entree next time but i would totally happy with another vegan platter . the waitress brought out this giant platter with all kinds of different foods on it . there were bean recipies , salads , and several things that i was unfamiliar with but were delicious ! all the food was served on a bread that reminded me a little of a crepe . it was also really good ! i 'm glad i was warned ahead of time that you generally just eat with your hands , which in all honesty was n't a huge deal as the bread i mentioned was also served on the side so you could kinda make a taco-like design . lots of fun !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're in the mood to be adventurous , this is your place ! ordered what was essentially a sampler platter with a variety of meat and vegetarian specialties , which you are supposed to scoop up with a thin and spongey , sour-dough-flavored bread . service is a bit slow in the times that i 've gone , nevertheless , i 've enjoyed this unique cuisine and would return when my ethiopian food cravings return", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely great . the food was wonderful . you ca n't find ethiopian everywhere so if you are nearby you should eat here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time as well as my buddy 's first time to try ethiopian food . needless to say , we are both adventurous and open-minded foodies ... however ... we were not too impressed . i ordered the spicy meat combo that had lentils as part of the order . the `` wat '' is meat that is comparable to a spicy beef stew and is served with `` injera '' , a spongy version of the mexican tortilla or a french crepe . at this point , i do n't have any other place to conpare this to , but i 'm not running back for seconds anytime soon . there was nothing spectacular to wow me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yum ! ! this place is terrific ! we live far away from the closest ethiopian restaurant so we really had to take advantage while in phoenix . this place did n't disappoint ! the injara was perfect , the beef stew lunch special awesome , and the red lentils superb . we will have to return when back in phoenix . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place used to be a favorite lunch spot of mine when i was living nearby ! it was always so tasty , colorful and fun ! the service was always pretty good ! my only complaint is that my belly was always quick fill to up with injera ... that stuff is intense and soaks up everything . i think there 's still some down in my stomach lingering from last year .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am not sure the right number of stars for these guys . i 've never had ethiopian food before the staff was very helpful and their menu was smart for people like me . we got the platter for four . it had samples of several items and allowed us try most of the menu items . great plan for your first trip . i decided i do n't care for their `` bread '' . it is likely their bread is perfect . but i regretted not having a fork after eating several bites with the bread . make sure you accept their offer of a fork . i wanted an authentic experience . i will go back and use a fork ! if you like my reviews follow me on yelp . thanks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places in tempe ! ! ! ! amazing food ! great libations ! absolutely nothing on the plate is bad . you leave feeling full , but like the good type of full ! full , yet energetic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best ethiopian food i 've had in arizona . i had ordered vegetarian menu of gomen , shiro wat and fasolia . the quantity was generous and i feel two entres would have been sufficient . we also ordered tossign and koranti drinks , these were amazing too . house dessert of tiramisu was perfect way to end it . ambience is great . i 'd love to visit here again and i 'd highly recommend this place for ethiopian cuisine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a road warrior and enjoy finding new places that are not main stream . the best food is always homegrown locally owned , reasonably priced and causes u to wish they would go main stream . cafe lalibela is a fantastic restaurant with superb food , friendly and prompt service , and a casual atmosphere . mona brought me the spicy combo ; some chicken , beef , lentils , watt and cabbage . it was delicious ; i at everything to the point of no return . ( that is when u are full , know y should stop but ca n't ) . fresh , complex , tangy , healthy and unique is how i would describe my meal . i will come back next time i 'm in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "foursquare tells me i have been at this place 64 times . i must have missed a lot of check-ins because i eat lalibela at least once a week . i have been going for years and have taking dozens of people and never had anyone not like the food ( ok maybe one ) . this place rocks , the staff are great and the misr watt . mmmm for me i get the lunch special misr watt , misr watt and misr watt with extra injera !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never actually go to the restaurant but i bought their food at phx whole foods . they are rly good ! also the lady that usually represent cafe lalibela is friendly and helpful . whole food moved stuff around and i thought they no longer carry cafe lalibela foods until the lady pointed it out . i would recommend sampling their green beans .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place should rename itself after its red lentils . they 're so good it 's bonkers . that and the crepe that everything is served on - grand stuff . the service was great and food comes very quickly . they weirdly play npr jazz while you eat which kills the whole experience . also , avoid the cabbage ( npr jazz in good form ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you got ta give 5 stars for authenticity and delightful tasty dishes , so flavorful . eat with your hands scooping up delightful hot dishes on the spongy ethiopian bread . wash it down with st. george beer , a strong lager .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not my kind of food but the vegetarian options are available .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "looking for a candlelight dinner on fine china ? do n't come here . want to eat your plate and lick your fingers ? you 've come to the right place ! the food is always hearty and full of flavor . vegetarians also do great with plenty of non-meat options . come with an appetite and well manicured nails .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ... you folks in phoenix tempe do n't realize how good you have it . i live in austin , tx but was in phoenix on business this week . i was dismayed at the lack of good food near my hotel , but then i discovered lalibela . i 've eaten at many great ethiopian restaurants ( including red sea in dc ) and this is definitely one of the best . unlike the ethiopian restaurant near my house , the injera at lalibela is very light so you do n't fill up on bread before you finish eating . i had the chef 's combo , which is doro wat , gomen a small salad and a side of a light , crumbly white cheese which pair really well with the gomen . i 'll probably be back in az soon on business and i 'll definitely be back at lalibela again for dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a local treasure . the food is up to the standards of the great ethiopian restaurants of washington , dc . get the doro wat and ask for an egg . the dark ethiopian beer is an excellent accompaniment . the people who run this place are always very welcoming and the atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best key sega watt ( spicy beef cubes ) in town ! my only complaint would be the high prices and lack of service on water refills ( when i 'm eating something spicy , i expect lots of water refills ) . it 's definitely filling and the ingera bread is actually really healthy for you ... it 's made with teff , a type of flour . if you like meat , do n't let your tastebuds miss the key sega watt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cafe lalibela was the first international food i tried other than mexican and american chinese . i went against my will , but now it 's one of my favorite restaurants . the food is incredibly flavorful and while it may be a little `` unique '' for most americans you wo n't regret trying it . if you are a vegetarian or vegan , this restaurant is a must for you , although meat lovers will enjoy it too . my favorite dishes are fosolia ( green beans ) , tikil gomen ( potatoes , cabbage & carrots ) and doro wat ( spicy chicken stew ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best ethiopian food ever ! ! ! ! so yummy and service is always consistently great . food is fresh and delicious ! updated 11 15 we moved a year ago to the dc area and after trying about 10 ethiopian restaurants here we still have n't found one anywhere close to as good as cafe lalibela . my kids missed it so much that we asked them to freeze and overnight some to us . they did and my kids were ecstatic ! so grateful to salem and everyone there for doing that for us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in last night again to cl because i was craving the tasty food , so clearly i 've become addicted to the flavors . the staff are very kind and the vibe is nice with ethiopian art on the walls and authentic music that sets it apart from many restaurants . when i first started coming i would order the spicy plate of varieties , but lately i 've been stuck on the manager 's favorite plate which consists of three items plus a salad . the next time i visit , i 'm going to try the lamb cubes cooked with jalapenos . when friends come from out of town , i 'm going to direct them to this unique place ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely worth a visit . a lot like efes in food style . i wish the bread was more pita-esque . personal preference of mine . a little disconcerting at the bottom of the plate when everyone 's bare-knuckling it into the grub .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their tikil gomen is really good ! i could eat just that , but i 'd recommend getting the set meal and letting them feed you a little bit of all the great things on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family 's favorite ethiopian restaurant . i usually order the spicy combination . instead of the meat combination because it is really just a spicy meat combination . the lunch specials are also a good deal with good portion sizes . my daughter has counted lalibela as one of her top five favorite restaurants since she could count to five . it was nice to have a restaurant that did n't serve pizza in the top five . she usually has the red lentils even though they are a little spicy . my wife loves the vegetarian combination . and a bottle of honey wine completes the meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first ever taste of ethiopian food - it was great ! ! ! they even gave me instructions on how to eat it . the meat combination was terrific and the vegetarian combo looked equally good . this place is a must try for everyone . i 'll be back for more ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first experience with ethiopian food ! i was hesitant , as it is a cuisine i knew little-to-nothing about , but holy moly - i was so surprised . four girlfriends and i ordered the vegetarian exclusive ( i believe it 's called ) which is meant for three people , so we also ordered the vegetarian platter meant for one . we hardly finished the exclusive , there was so much food ! everything is so tasty . i was worried about the injera , as i have friends who do n't like the consistency of it . i really loved the fresh sourdough taste of it , though , especially mixed with the flavors of the different wats . after my first visit , i was so excited to take my boyfriend there - we made dinner plans with friends of ours within two weeks of my first trip ! i absolutely love lalibela and it is quickly becoming one of my favorite stops for delicious vegetarian food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time and will definitely be returning . we ordered the vegetarian special and the lentils had great taste and it was an explosion of flavors . the service was fast and friendly and they took the time to explain everything on our plate . if you are a vegetarian this is a must and if you are not , still try it out you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've tried a few other places in the valley and this place does it the best for me . i am vegan , and they have a crazy variety of dishes to choose from . all of which are pretty decent , i ca n't for the life of me remember the names lol . service can be a little slower , but it 's usually just one or two people working the floor . i do n't mind waiting a bit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the spicy combination it was wonderfu , l the meet was tender and so flavorful . i look forward to returning and trying something else next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a fun dinner . the atmosphere and experience are both wonderful . i personally really enjoyed the food but our group had a hard time with a few of the dishes . it is definitely more of an ethnic type of food then most cuisines . the style of eating and atmosphere make it a great experience that i feel everyone should at least try once .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service a little slow at peak hour , but friendly and welcoming . very good food . my family enjoyed it a lot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's hard not to go overboard on a review of cafe lalibela . genuine ethiopian cuisine that is glorious . my favorites are the red lintels .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the best ethiopian restaurants in arizona . service is great . food is authentic and mango juice is the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excelllent food . i had first tried it when there was an event at asu and i knew i had to get more of it ! the restaurant itself is very nice and the staff is friendly and helpful ! since i 'm not a huge meat fan i ordered the peas , cabbage , and sauce with that delicious bread they give you so much of . i 'm obsessed and will be a regular visitor for sure ! it 's a bit pricy so make sure you have the funds , but well worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ate here while spending a day in phoenix on vacation . it 's on par with other ethiopian restaurants we 've tried and the food was yummy . if you 're an adventurous eater , just want to try something different as a change of pace or are an ethiopian cuisine fan , you 'll definitely like cafe lalibela .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for our first ethiopian food experience , we opted for the lalibela exclusive - a huge sampler of most of their menu offerings . did i mention how much food this was ? ! definitely too much for 2 people ( the menu does state for 3+ ) , but we were greedy and indecisive and i thought this was a perfect choice . we liked everything on the 18+ inch tray , but our favorites were the doro wat ( chicken ) , key sega wat ( beef ) , tikel gomen ( cabbage ) , and misir wat ( red lentils ) . their iced teas are yummy and service was informative and attentive ! the sampler was pricey , but now that we know what we like we can order more cheaply . definitely worth the unique experience . we 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is so over priced and mediocre i ca n't even eat here at all . the best place to get ethiopian food is ethio-african spices in phoenix . do n't go anywhere else . trust me . i spend 50 dollars on just me and my boyfriend at this cafe and the food is dripping with grease leaving you with gas every time , and the injera is n't that good . if u want perfect ethiopian cuisine for a fraction of the cost sorry but you have to go to phoenix .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very very tasty food . the bread they serve is called injiera and has a unique taste ( looks a lot like the indian dosa ) . they have a huge selection , however , my personal favorites have been : 1 . misir wat 2 . tiatim fitfit 3 . doro wat they can get really busy sometimes and take a long time to serve groups , so it would make sense to call ahead - reserve a table and if you are familiar with the menu order ahead", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my very first try of ethiopian . went at lunch hour . selected menu items 3 , 4 , 5 . 1 meat and 2 vegetarian . the food came out within a minute or 2 - so they must have some buffet line inside . the food kind of tastes like a underspiced indian food . i almost wish the sauce was with goat or lamb . the service was non-existant after the food trough drop off , so we just walked up and paid . i guess i did n't find ethiopian food that remarkable - sorry . . .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a little hole in the wall ethiopian place ... but really good food . i enjoyed the combination plate and everything i ate that day service is really good the only negative is that the curry they use on the different meats it all taste the same . definitely need to add some new flavors to give me dishes", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what does an indian do when they are bored of indian food but still want the flavors and the dining experience ? they go to cafe lalibella . absolutely delish ethiopian food with tastes so similar to home . going to this place always makes me philosophical- we are more alike than we think . try the veggie platter because then you get to try everything . in the non veg , the chicken stew is the best . the communal dining experience with one large plate and just sharing among friends makes the experience even more enjoyeable . the service coud be a tad slow but can be forgiven and forgotten . finally , i absolutely love the tres leches here ( who knew ) . highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lalibela has the best ethopian food around . the flavors are all amazing and everything -- veggies and meat alike -- is stewed to perfection . i would recommend the `` lalibela exclusive '' or one of the other samplers . if you do n't eat red meat , just ask them to substitute those portions with their favorite alternative . try on the ethopian teas or the delicious stout with your meal . the staff is also incredibly friendly and of course , everyone loves to eat with their hands , right ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic . i recommend coming here for the lunch specials , which are very reasonably priced . we had them cater an event recently and they far exceeded expectations . plus , they are a family-owned business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "perfect for date night or family night . my kids love the exotic flavors you eat with your hands . the service is always fantastic and food is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked here for dinner , in order to enjoy the warm phoenix air and the late sunset . having never tried ethiopian food and having seen the ratings , i thought i 'd give this a shot . fortunately , i was preceded by an apparent regular who was introducing the restaurant to his out-of-town friends ; i got some food recommendations and a peek at how to eat without utensils . i chose the meat combination ; a combination of doro wat , kye sega wat and alicha sega wat , served with selata . all of it was excellent . service was fine , although not overly attentive . i would have enjoyed more water , but there are n't many waiters or waitresses that keep up with my water needs . food : 5 service : 4 setting : 3+ ( not bad , but not particularly exciting , either ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i visit here at least once a week , and it never disappoints . amazing food at a decent price . many options for vegetarians . misir wat is personal favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "injera bread as the base with alicha sega wat ( beef stew cooked with onions and turmeric in clarified butter ) , doro wat ( chicken cooked with onions in clarified butter with berbere a chili paste ) , yebeg alicha sega wat ( lamb cubes cooked in onion and turmeric and kibbeh or clarified butter and a vegetable tikil gomen ( cabbage , potato 's and carrots with turmeric ) . as usual they give you enough for two to three people and i am bloated trying to finish it . the meta lager is a smooth mild lager and the rift valley syrah is on par with any wine i 've had from the bekaa valley or france very smooth with hints of pepper and black berry . this is a must visit place if you are in the phoenix area . i will be coming back here a lot", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited lalibela for lunch and ordered the 3 item special with chicken , beef and red lentils . the chicken and red lentils were great - moist and flavorful , and some of the best ethiopian i 've ever had . the beef was good , but not as good as the chicken or lentils . i 'm a little bit conflicted on how to rate the experience , because although the food was delicious during consumption , the aftereffect was a feeling similar to being repeatedly punched in the stomach . as good as the food was , due to the heaviness , i probably wo n't be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place ; great food and atmosphere , i however have maybe been there thirty times and have yet had good service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for my first time to try ethiopian food and as a vegan this place is awesome ! i got the vegetarian combination plate and really enjoyed it . the service was very friendly and i will definitely be back . oh and they import a couple beers from ethiopia so thats really cool too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would have given it 5 starts but the service was a little under par . the food however completely made up for it ! first time trying ethiopian food and will definitely be back ! so many vegetarian options !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! service is so warm and friendly , and the food is awesome . come check it out , yo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously the best authentic food we have ever had ! this is our all time favorite restaurant and have been coming here for years ! try it , you wo n't be disappointed ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food at cheap prices . pita ( pork $ 4.50 , chicken $ 5.00 ) came stuffed , more than enough to feed you if you 're hungry and the souvlaki was juicy and tender . no overcooked burnt bits here ! the greek salad was good , the lettuce was fresh and there was plenty in a large size for 2 to share . oh , and there 's even complimentary bread and service that will ensure you 're never thirsty on a hot summer 's day . bored of your dinner companion ? the outdoor patio seating is equipped with a tv . network is sr1 and wifi password is floridarestaurant123", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is authentic greek . great price and quantity . you know the food is good when it 's packed with greek locals often . also amazing take out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best greek food in town . very traditional . very very nice . everything very good . they play greek music . they a do lamb on a spit . chicken and beef souvla very good . everyday different greek soup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "florida has the absolute greatest , most authentic , greek food that i have ever had in my life ! ! ! the potatoes , the lamb , the souvlaki , the broccoli , the salad , the rice , the bread , and especially the tzatziki ! ! ! ! ! there is no substitute . it 's like bbq sauce ... not to be taken lightly ... this tzatziki is always homemade by the owner , helen , herself ! ! ! they are also the only greek restaurant in toronto ( or anywhere else i 've ever seen ) that has an authentic rotisserie grill room ( where they cook the lamb ! ! ! ) on the beautiful outdoor dining patio . the waitresses are wonderful and considerate , and every time i eat here , there is always friendly conversation with the bartender and patrons . ( and between us , i have seen local and international celebrities in there more than once ! ! ) ; - ) plus they pour whiskey the `` american way ! '' : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for the minute clinic and was extremely satisfied . the nurse practitioner was very kind and helpful . i was in and out . registration was easy . the pharmacy staff seem very exhausted yes , but until you 've worked in such an environment where people blame you for their insurance flaws then you do n't fully understand . they are just the face of the bad news .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the store is located close to home and usually has what i 'm looking for , although the pharmacy is absolutely terrible , slow service . do not even think about going through the little pick up window , you will be waiting for forever ! thinking about getting my prescriptions filled somewhere else because of how long it takes each time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would not even rate this , place ! horrible pharmacy ! bad customer service ! ! dont go there on sunday because the techo behind the counter ( red hair ) has an attitude problem everytime i pick up , my rx . oh also the automatic refill does , not work because it will call you and your rx will not be ready when you get there . the only reason i go there is because thats the provider that , my health insurance has , on their network . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this cvs pharmacy location is convenient if you are staying at the courtyard marriott willoughby - as it is just a couple of doors down from the hotel . i stopped in to see if they had a single serving bottles of tomato juice or v-8 juice for next morning to go with my vitamins and medications . of course they did not - seems to be a theme in ohio - i could not find this size beverage at most of the drug stores i visited - one out of five carried what i was looking for . i ended up buying the large bottle of v-8 , sticking it in the mini-fridge in my hotel room overnight , drinking what i needed , and leaving the rest behind - which i hate doing as it is wasteful . i also picked up some toothpaste here . service at the register was prompt .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst pharmacy ever . i have had nothing but problems every time . the line inside and out is always very long and the staff can never seem to find anyone 's rx . although they are open 24 hours it does n't make up for the hassle", "score": "1"}
{"review": "welcome to the new second cup ! craft coffee bar ? pour over ? steampunk ? espresso ? phone charging station ? a barista that knows about coffee profile and can do a decent pourover ? i just love the new concept .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good coffee and pastries , rude af cashier who had no patience for non french speakers . terrible experience and after such a great day in montreal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was a good experience , but the coffee experience did n't blow us away . the space was really pretty , airy , and open and the service was friendly and very helpful . my boyfriend ordered a black coffee and i ordered a latte . both were so-so . the black coffee honestly tasted like it had been brewed too long and was super bitter . the experience was good - a great place to meet someone for a cup of coffee - but do n't expect it to blow you away .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly service . vibrant atmosphere . busy location . like any chain coffee shop , the quality control is n't as consistent as it could be , but this is certainly one of the better second cup locations i frequent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's new years eve and not many stores are open just to chill and not being traped home , gladly this little coffee shop was open , service was good and fast , coffee and desserts average but is a good option if you just want to chill outside home in the cold .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here a bunch because the coffee was good but the waitress was extraordinarily rude when we came later on to pick up croissants", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location has the best customer service ever ! ! ! i enjoy grabbing my coffee on my way to work everyday.. very sweet team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was staying right down the street from second cup caf\u00e9 for a few days and it became my regular stop for my morning coffee . service was friendly and prices were reasonable . i do wish that they had the beverage list available on english as well , but overall i was satisfied every visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this spot served as a safe haven for the cold . i 'm not used to 7.f weather lol . in sheltering here , i was advices to try this by a few friends visiting montreal too . this was deemed as the canadian version of starbucks . i ordered something simple , a caf\u00e9 always does the job right . medium caf\u00e9 was smooth and this place had a milk bar which i thought was interesting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gamer heaven ! ! ! flashback games is a fantastic place to go and explore . i stumbled upon it while visiting the reptile store next door and could n't have been happier about it ! i have been completely happy with their inventory and ca n't wait to go back and buy more treasures from them . everything i 've gotten from there has worked great , and the customer service goes above and beyond ! my boyfriend 's son saw a lego game for the 64 that he thought he might like , so they let him take it for a test drive right there at the store . we must have been there for over an hour last night , just talking to the owners about our interests . i ca n't recall a better shopping experience , ever . if you 're looking for a place where you can let your geek flag fly in good company , or just want to take a walk down memory lane with some gaming consoles from childhood , look no further . you 've hit jackpot : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my brother and i wanted to purchase two specific games tonight and found out that this place is basically the only one opened till 9pm . we came in at 8:45 `` yes i 'm that kind of customer : `` but the guy behind the counter was still really friendly . we ended up purchasing three game instead of the original plan because they had a rare game that was pretty cheap . so with all this being said , because the employee was so friendly , and the other employee that rang us up was so friendly , i have to give this place 5 stars . plus they actually do have a really good selection and the store was really clean and bright so that 's a plus : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend has been talking about this place for awhile and finally i got the chance to go with him . this game is seriously a walk down memory lane , considering i grew up with all of these old games and consoles . not only that but the two lady 's who were working there were extremely friendly . my boyfriend was thinking about getting the atari that they had there and the owner told us we could pick out 5 games for free . that 's right free . we were both shocked and could n't believe it . this place was so great and i seriously ca n't wait to go back again . all the prices were really fair compared to other places we have gone . definitively try this place out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i left a message on their facebook wall asking about a snes game , and got a reply instantly . i came in the same day to pick it up . the selection is more diverse than a second-hand shop . they also have a snes hooked up to a tv and free arcade games . i spent some time playing super mario world and chatting with ashley behind the counter . very friendly place ! the prices are about the same as a bookman 's or zia , but i prefer to give my money to support a local business , especially one that really cares about their customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my four little grandsons here this past thursday , july 11 , 2013 . we were all pleasantly surprised to find such a nice , clean , and very well organized store with whatever anyone could be looking for . it was fantastic . we could have stayed in there for an hour just browsing . the prices were right and not overpriced . we bought three x box games and they were in mint condition . when we have more money we will be going back for some nintendo 64 games . the staff were very helpful but not pushy whatsoever . they were very nice and appreciative of our checking their store out . we will be going back soon without a doubt . it has parking right in the front and easy to find . the location is close to asu . we live in east mesa but it was n't too far to drive . it had a much better selection then the other places we have been to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend purchased a game for me ( in error - `` punch out '' vs `` mike tyson 's punch out '' ) and i called to ask if they had the desired game in stock . i was informed that they would not accept the exchange unless the item was defective . `` mike tyson 's punch out '' costs about $ 10 to $ 15 more so they would be benefiting from the sale . in the end , they lose a regular customer and a sale in one fell swoop .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after frequenting just about every game store in arizona and las vegas , i felt this store was really lacking in selection , customer service , and atmosphere . i was looking around for awhile just browsing , while the customer service rep was playing video games . one of the girls behind the counter was very friendly , but that alone does not make up for this lackluster store . later i went to gaming zone and fell in love , so all was not lost .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "heard a lot of mixed reviews of this place so i had to come check it out . ashley was friendly as soon as i walked into the door . they have a decent selection of great titles and not an overhaul of common games on display . store is neat , clean and spacious and most importantly , prices are very fair . i would recommend people to come here and buy retro video games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing selection of reasonably priced games . friendly staff . everything i have purchased from this shop had worked . also well organized . also they do n't put the price tag stickers on game labels , and use stickers that are super easy to pull off without leaving any mark or needing to clean off sticker gunk . why cant every game store do that ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always had good service , got better price for selling trade in then anywhere else . they 've had items for $ 20 that were for $ 35- $ 40 at fall out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful store with beautiful people always smiling and cheerful ! great game selection and positive energy all around ! this place is awesome and everyone who works here is very knowledgeable ! i 'd party with everyone who works here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in today , friendly staff , a couple free play arcade games . i was impressed by how many nes games in the box they have . i will be bringing in some games to sell soon . i saw alot of shipping boxes behind the counter as it looks like they do a big online or ebay busiiness . this place is right down the street from my job so i will be in frequently !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "way better service and quality than any other place i 've been to ! they are always friendly and have well stocked , clean , organized shelves ! we 've never had problems with any of the products we bought , and if we did we know we would have no problem taking it back since they stand behind the quality of their products . careful once you start you ca n't stop : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite spot for classic games in the east valley . great service . knowledgeable staff . killer prices . it keeps me coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son is into `` retro games '' and someone told him about this place . it is great . the staff seems very knowledgeable of the games that they are selling , and offers good advice . a good selection of cables , controllers and other accessories so that you can start using your old consoles again . the store is very very clean and well maintained . my son says he does not mind ditching his regular trips to a gamestop ! ! ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love going to flashback games . they always seem to have what i want , which have generally been semi-popular nes and snes games that fallout and the game zone seem to never have copies of , but maybe that 's just been good luck . nonetheless they have always delivered , they have a cool arcade section , the store if decorated in nostalgia that makes me want to live there , and the staff are super knowledgeable about the product . when i needed a new nes an employee reached out to me via a facebook group and informed me flashback had ness that have been refurbished , and have new pin connectors for around $ 54.00 ! that 's awesome ! so i picked one up . great place ! go to flashback games !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe the bad reviews on this place , i am a big time retro collector and this is the only place i will go to buy games in the east valley . great staff , i end up spending hours here just chatting about games . it 's nice to have a place that does n't sit at the computer looking at high prices on ebay to find prices", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a hidden gem , the staff is friendly and they have a wide selection of new or retro games and systems ... . not to mention they are reasonably priced too . i found me new game store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner is really cool guy . had no idea what wax packs were and helped explain it to me plus they offer used games at great prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love flashback games . josh and his sister are awesome . it 's not very common anymore where when you chine to a sore where they remember you let alone your name . they remember your kids , what kind of games they dig and consoles they 're playing on . i ca n't recommend them enough . other than we drive all the way from apache junction to visit the store chat em up and buy games . they 've always had what we wanted in stock . and once my wife was after a video game from my original playstation days that he found and held onto for me specifically . they 're awesome people . your should definately go there before any big box store anywhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff was friendly and welcoming . it has a nice selection of reasonably priced , desirable older games . i purchased a sega genesis from here , along with some games and they work great ! this store is a smaller , family-style business , so keep in mind that the selection wo n't be as vast as stores such as gamestop , fallout , etc . they do however buy games often and work hard to keep their inventory interesting , and that , paired with their customer service earns them 5 stars from me . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the absolute rudest , most unprofessional game store i 've ever been to , and i 've been to a lot of gamestops . snobbishly sluggish responses , incredulous looks of distrust , and patronizing arrogance make for an overall unpleasant experience . i went here three times , willing to give the benefit of the doubt twice , but the third visit was the final one . the only thing they got going for them is the bawls guarana , of which they actually have a really good selection . i 'm honestly astonished they have n't gone out of business yet . for what it 's worth , i left a very similar review on facebook , and they soon after disabled their page ratings ( as of this writing ) . sneaky snakes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been shopping at flashback ever since they opened ! they always have a lot of solid inventory and everything is priced fairly , and i 've never had an issue with any used product i 've purchased . the staff is always fun , friendly and willing to help whenever i have a question or need some help , which is why i keep going back ! they also set up some tables in the back of the store , and they have a couple of games up at the front , so its fun to stop and play whichever game is up that week while perusing the selection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time to this place . overall a very good experience considering i had to get a state inspection and everybody knows how that goes : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quick and nice , they have fixed my tire without charging me money , really good to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my car to the dealership for a horrible squealing noise . they claimed they could n't replicate it , did my 42,000 mile service , and sent me on my way . immediately the car was squealing again . i randomly chose lifetime since i was passing by today and hoped they might be able to figure out the squeal . they were short staffed but immediately test drove the car and five minutes later they 'd removed the left rear wheel , removed a stick which was stuck in the rotor , remounted the wheel and would n't take any of my money . five stars . i 'll be back for service here ! and never going to the dealership again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a problem with my hood latch . it was small enough that they fixed it for free ! really nice guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome service . the mechanic called me and left a message like i instructed . when i called back he was more than willing to make some suggestions that will help solve the problems with my car . he was very courteous , helpful and so pleasant to work with . they even allowed me to leave my car on their premises until i finished work . customer service in this industry is usually amiss so i appreciate it when someone take the time to think about the little things that make the fosters life easier . you wo n't regret it , take your car here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not come here . in total $ 2870 hkd was exchanged which is equivalent to $ 453 cad however they only gave $ 258 cad . this is $ 200 less than the actual value ! ! lost a lot of money . buyer beware ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hm ... 4 or 5 days could n't possibly change the foreign currency that much , could it ? or maybe it 's because i changed my usd to cad at the airport ? at the airport , i got $ 105.62cad for $ 100usd . here , i got $ 108.77cad for $ 100usd . how i already spent $ 90cad in the past 4 or 5 days is beyond me . ) :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go here ! ! the absolute worst place you can do business with . absolutely horrible in terms of exchange rate . 1usd = 1.07 cad , but the place gives 1usd = 1.01 cad then charge 5 % fee . let my husband exchange money without me , 400usd turned to $ 380 cad when it 's supposed to be $ 430cad . my mistake , do n't let your husband go exchange money alone , and be knowledgable of the actual exchange rates . what a rip off .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stay away . the $ 3 the person before me scored is great , but just exchanged $ 300 cad for $ 2000 argentinian pesos . great to find that currency on a saturday until we got home and checked the exchange . should have been $ 174 cad . i understand rates fluctuate , there are fees and it 's a negotiation , but this is either a very bad mistake or it 's criminal . buyer beware of course , we should have checked their rate and checked online ( why else do i carry around a huge phone anyway ) but still , this is just taking advantage of people who do n't do this very often . terrible . i will update this review if they resolve the issue ( not holding my breath based on other reviews ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cant believe someone gives this place 5 stars ... check the photos i post ! ! ! and their 10 % commission", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shit rates , zero of the sign boards were working , asked cranky old lady behind glass , quoted $ 30 below bank rates , complete ripoff , avoid like racoon feces", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not rent from this company . they will not refund your security or pet deposits . i left my home in great condition ( spent 2 whole days cleaning it from top to bottom inside and out as well as having the carpets steam cleaned all after we had moved all furniture out ) , my two dogs that i payed $ 600 in deposits for never damaged a single thing ( did n't even dig a hole in the yard ) , and did n't get but a measly $ 300 back from the $ 1700 i gave them . i am going through litigation now and building a case against them . if any of you past clients that have been robbed of your deposit would like to contact me , please do so on here . there is power in numbers here folks . do not rent from desert realty ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "warning ... do not deal with this realty company , they like to scam people and not return the security deposit . mary , who deals with returning the money just admitted to that , and i am so glad i was recording our conversation . we had so many issues before moving out , and we had to file 3-4 repair requests before anyone would even bother to show up.. horrible service , they lie and scam people..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "surprise ... got my full security deposit back . there was plenty of paperwork i amassed given all the legitimate and reasonable repair requests i made and documentation of my cleaning of the unit . with this company i would suggest scheduling and being present during said inspection . as with any rental , make sure you have proof of carpet cleaning . take pictures upon move in and after cleaning at move out with a current newspaper that clearly shows the date . be leary of deferred maintenance that could be pinned on you . know the facts and do n't pay for items you did not break or excessively wear out . good luck . p.s . when turning in the keys at their office the secretary got an attitude about the mail box key that they never gave me which was the fact on the original lease . watch your back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "google is my friend i found this company on google , then i realized that we do collections for this company and was willing to give them a try . i called and spoke to amanda she was very polite and provided all the necessary information . she gave a break down of all the fees and what not . i already knew what property i wanted to move into so that was easy . the $ 20 application fee to see if the owner of the property would lower the rent and approve me . they actually did lower my rent and let me break down the deposit . i have never had to give a deposit anywhere so i was sketchy to do so now . any way they have made this process so much easier for me by breaking down the deposit and lowering the rent . will keep updating as time goes . for now i could really honestly recommend this company .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i spend most of my days making sure that the people working for me provide an excellent customer experience every day . so when someone acts like my problem is insignificant , i want to scream ! my refrigerator is dead . service guys said it needs to be replaced - at 10am ... . now it 's after 4pm and they have not relayed the concern to the property manager , therefore , the homeowner is not aware that i have no refrigerator . does desert realty care ? sure does n't seem like it . very abrupt on the phone with an `` oh well , sucks to be you '' attitude . could they call the service company ? no . never a please or thank you when you call for help . i wonder if the owner of my house knows . living out of a cooler for the weekend is sooooo not fun .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "looked at one townhome with amanda wright and wanted to rent it . someone beat us to the office and rented the townhome . two days later we looked at another townhome and decided to pass . amanda told us `` she just did n't know what else she could do for us . '' was very rude when we decided to pass on the townhome . i am glad we did not rent from this company after all . the reviews say it all . i suggest you go elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wished i would have read the review before renting from desert realty . we paid a 1900.00 for security and pet deposit . they only refunded 30.00 of it stating several things that had to be replaced . that house looked better when we moved out then when we moved in . we replaced carpeting in all rooms , painted the entire inside , and replaced all the locks . its a good thing we decided not to buy a house through them , i would hate to see how much that would of cost us financially .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "desert realty has been managing my property for over 10 decades . i never had any issues with the renter and the rent . any issues or concerns from hoa when addressed to desert realty absolutely taken care . never worry about my property even though i live in california . they are the best ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terry robertson and desert realty have managed various las vegas properties of mine for almost 30 years . they are the best ! property management is an intense , high stress business with a high burn out rate . terry 's organization is very disciplined , responsibilities divided among several people yet structured for communication with forms and procedures for everything , . . . nothing is left to chance . never a `` oh , i forgot , they called '' or `` i thought you were going to do that '' . my tenants are taken care of which means less turnover and vacancy for me . they carefully screen the tenant applicants and insist on prompt rent payments . they are knowledgeable of the ever increasing landlord tenant laws and fair housing regulations . that keeps me out of trouble with the law and fines . i get individual property financial statement and a check mid month . they are the best , do n't waste time with the others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been renting from desert realty for over a year now . they have responded very quickly to every maintenance request that has been called in and everyone in the office has always been great ! i read some of the reviews on here and cant help but think people may not have portrayed their experience completely truthfully . i myself work in property management , and you cant bash a company because you did n't get your way or did n't get all of your deposit back for not leaving the property in rent ready condition . in short , desert realty is wonderful 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how do you expect to do any business when every single listing on your website is always rented out ? keep your website updated . you have like 5 listings total and 3 5 i asked about are already rented ? maybe remove them off your site and other sites too . pretty stupid move imo . in regards to the reply : i was on your website -- not someone else 's . called about 3-4 properties and out of the handful you had , all were rented out . i doubt they were all rented out within a day . feel free to try again though .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had some time to kill before a dinner in the area , so i wandered in here for a little fun and experimentation with colors ... it 's a new shop , so i 'm not really sure what the deal was , but i walked around for about 10 minutes and got nothing ... after 5 more minutes , i saw a lot of nice brands and products , but i was n't acknowledged by anyone , so i just left ... if you know what you want and you 're just looking to pick up an item , feel free to give it a whirl ... if you 're looking for attentive service , i do n't know where you should go in the area , but i would n't expect it here ... lol", "score": "2"}
{"review": "in here to pick up a replacement straightening doo-dad for mrs k. , we found a huge variety with prices ranging from $ 10 to beyond $ 250 . we managed to avoid getting asked if we needed any help and managed to avoid buying anything else . how does that happen ? lots of stuff if you 're looking for gifts , too !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went to buy all new makeup . the lady in makeup was too busy talking to another employee about how rude the staff at sophria is tgat she could not be bothered to wait on a customer . guess i will go to sophria . they might be rude but they will wait on the customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a new ulta ; it looks pretty spiffy . the first week was awesome for trying out new brands and colors . all the testers were fresh and new and not skeevy to dip into . the makeup section had a lot of space for makeup artists to pitch product ; alas there were none available . whereas sephora seems to be staffed with people passionate about makeup , ulta merely has retail workers . ulta is picking up some new brands that sephora does n't have ; juice beauty , lipstick queen and just recently mally . still fun to look around and swatch products on your arm , just do n't look for any help in how to use them . if you like ulta and and make up shopping you will probably enjoy it ; but let 's face it it 's not what it used to be .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we 've been spoiled by the service at our local ulta . had some time to kill today while other family members were shopping for furniture and decided to see if the new fall colors were out yet . we were n't acknowledged until my daughter had a question about a particular brand and the answer was sketchy at best . the staff needs more training about the lines they carry and about customer service . many of the products are less expensive elsewhere , so they need to step up the service aspect .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible customer service . at the make up section , employees are not paying any attention to customers . they are doing make ups to each other . oh my word . what the heck . only one employee seemed to be interested in helping and greeting customers . if you know what you want to buy and need no help then go ahead . otherwise i would go to the ballantine location . they have the best staff there . always asking questions to see if customers need any assistance . this ulta is getting worse and worse with their customer service . they need help . can someone contact their corporate office to send some help here ? such a waste of a what seems to be a great location . very disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ok . so i know this can be a shock but i have never purchased anything in an ulta before . sure i have been with friends but this was the first time i set out to buy me some quality makeup . the great thing about this store is that they have everything from high end to drugstore brand cosmetics and everything inbetween . they usually have great deals going on their products like the hair care lines . they offer a waxing bar as well . if you visit their website you can usually get some coupons for your purchase as well . i had to take a star away because a lot of the drug store brands were unstocked or opened already so i think they need to pay particular attention to that . i love that there is a great selection but find that this location needs more staff on the floor to attend to the shelves and make sure items are kept in stock at all times because i was really bummed that a lot of things i wanted to buy were n't where they were supposed to be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the store is rather new , about a year old . i love the convenience of it ... a lot easier to get to than the mall . i like how ulta offers higher end make up brands and your drugstore brands . it is a one stop shop ! not only is it for women , but they sell men 's products too . i always go to ulta to get a facial by barbara . they use dermalogica products which is great because it does n't break my face out and barb is just amazing ; i always leave there with my skin glowing . there have been a few times the store is out of my favorite products , but i know it 's a distribution problem . if you are looking for great deals this is the place for you . be sure to sign up for a rewards card and if you forget it they can look it up by your phone number !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been going to ulta for several years . i received a christmas gift of dolce and gabbanna light blue and after less than 10 uses the sprayer malfunctioned . as a 25+ year retailer i thought no problem i could just exchange . there is no cost to the retailer for an exchange like this . i was simply dismissed with a comment that i should reach out to the manufacturer versus trying to come up wiht a solution . i am extremely dissappointed and will no longer shop at ulta .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "customer service really sucks at this location , the cashiers never seem like they want to be there and always seem so `` dry '' . i had to ask the girl how she was doing because she simply just grabbed my items and starting ringing me up . i think that 's the rudiest thing you can do ! also she just handed me my change and did n't say anything , like have a good day or nothing ( again ) comes off as very rude ! i come to this location all the time because it 's closest to me but always the service is horrible employees just stand around and talk , i do n't believe i 've ever been asked am i finding everything okay , when most the time i 'm not !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "takes some time to get assistance but the store always looks nice and when they are available the sales associates are very nice and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible experience with the salon ! ! ! be sure that you ask them about everything they do ... i was charged for a temporary glaze treatment without being told the cost and never agreed to ... also i had explained i was going home after and styling was n't a concern of mine . the stylist said well i will just throw a few curls in for you ... then as i am walking up to pay i realize she charged me for it ! i went back to confront her with the extra services she had tagged on without discussing the costs and explaining it would be extra and she just said well you can talk to a manger . i had asked her if she could just trim the ends and it was $ 37 and then when i got home the next day and straightened it ... it 's not even ! very upset that i was there for 3 hours and my hair looks worse and now i need to go somewhere else to pay to have it fixed !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i think ulta as a whole is great , just not this location . if you want to feel welcome , be greeted , or receive any assistance try a different location . this store is seriously lacking in friendly , professional associates .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i honestly only go to this ulta because it is close to me . it is always crowded and there is never anyone who can help you because they are so busy . i went on a monday night and waited for almost an hour for someone to color match me . i still never got it done .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrible customer service when you walk in the door they do n't even notice you 're there . they ignore you and are n't any help .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is your one stop shop for all things beauty . they have everything you can think of . also , most of the time there 's a discount coupon on retailmenot.com . there 's also a section with miniature sizes of beauty products , which is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoy coming here for makeup . they offer some high end products and some drugstore products . the store location is in a convenient spot in the university area . the store itself is very large and well-lit . some days the store is a hot mess and other times it 's organized- very hit or miss . staff is pretty friendly . they do n't really walk around to check on people which can be good or bad dependent on your personality . i typically prefer to be left alone . sign up for the rewards program- it 's pretty awesome . overall , nothing too great but nothing too horrific either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is definitely my favorite ulta location . they 're usually very well stocked and the girls there are so great and friendly . i had a sweet girl named brittany check me out today and she was amazing . i love when cashiers are super friendly . it really makes my day : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a average ulta location nothing out of the ordinary , but i like it ! the sales associations always greet you and ensure you 're finding everything . there 's a nice selection of men 's and women 's perfumes and colognes . they carry most of the high-end mak-up lines along with opi and essie nail polish . ulta is a beauty one stop shop ... get your makeup , hair products , skin care , false eyelashes , and much more here ! if you 're a make-up beginner ulta is a good place to stock up on make-up essentials . if you 're thinking of a new hair style or color ulta will have everything you 'll need for the new look . always check the website before purchasing , they usually have a coupon you can use in store .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time customer experience ... .very slow ( 2hrs + ) for a simple oil change , cliff tried to insist additional work was required when it was not . could n't wait to leave and wo n't be back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yeah ... . had a negative experience about 5 years ago . never purchase extended warranties . this applies to tv 's , furniture , tires , etc . burning your own money ... .. will give you greater pleasure ... .. then dealing with these goons ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so bummed these guys shut down . i was in a bind back in september and needed my new plates put on my car . a very nice gentleman went out and not only changed my plates but gave me new screws for them . i should mention it was also after closing ... i promised i would be back because of the service . i kept my promise but when i went back they were closed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a good experience . there was a slow leak in a new tire which i had purchased elsewhere while traveling . the manager helped me . when checked it was discovered there was a problem with a bad seal . the tire was reset and the problem solved . no charge . i offered to pay but was told it was not a big deal . we then had a discussion on building goodwill . next time i need service in scottsdale this is where i will go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my car here to have a high pressure power steering hose replaced . they did that just fine - but what they also did was to loosen the bolts on my differential and all around the engine so i was blowing oil out . went in with a power steering leak and came out with a huge - i mean huge oil leak . i guess they under estimated this female customer . sad thing is i was so pleased with their work and price on their power steering hose i recommended them to a friend . she took her car in and came out with major engine issues . i would not go to this place of business if you are female or even if you are a male if you know very little about cars - you will have more problems than you started with . if i could give them negative stars i would - but since i have to give them a star it is only a begrudging one star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what was supposed to be `` one to one and half hours '' for an oil change turned out to be more like 2 1 2 hours . i have also recently been to a mechanic and they had given me a heads up that my car needed some service soon ( ie battery needs to be replaced ) but that i had probably a good 6 months before that was necessary . goodyear on the other hand all but insisted that they charge me an extra $ 500 for a bunch of extra work i do n't need . told them to keep their quote and just give me the service i asked for . definitely not coming back to this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hey all this place is great ! i needed a oil change in a bad way and these guys hooked me up . they got me in and out on a lunch break and you ca n't beat the yelp deal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after being turned down by another shop ( see my yelp review of ale maria 's ) i decided to try kim 's . i 'm so happy i did . i needed two pairs of pants hemmed . i dropped them off on a thursday evening . i was n't in a rush to get them , so when she told me it would next friday i was n't upset , but i was a little surprised it would take that long . but like i said , i was n't in a rush . fast forward to saturday morning ( two days later ) . i get a phone call from kim 's letting me know my pants are done ! two day . $ 20 . i could n't have asked for more . oh , and the pants are perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the little old lady that does the alternation is so cute and sweet . she reminds me of my grandma . this place reminds me of the oversea tailor shops . i got two pairs of pants shortened . yes , i am vertically challenged . i brought them in on a friday , she asked me when i needed them . i was not in a rush , so i told her when you can get them done . she said wed. anytime . they fit perfect now ... : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came in the first time and i saw an old witch work there . she is so rude and unprofessional . she keeps trying to tell me if you do n't like my price then go somewhere else when i 'm not even say anything about the price . do not use this business ! if there an option for -5 star , then this business deserve it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "she did an awesome job on my uniforms in a very short time . would highly recommend her services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "goooooo mrs. kim and ray ! for 20 years has done outstanding work for me and my family . thank you for everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "polite , professionalism and great service . replacement product for shower broke and the company came out at no cost to replace the part in a timely matter . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very quick ... and reasonable prices ... work was superior and professional jody", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't make the same mistake i did . this guy ripped me off . he charged me $ 475 for a garbage disposal replacement when he spent $ 50 on the garbage disposal . he said it was a good garbage disposal , when i looked it up online it was the cheapest garbage disposal i could find . i confronted him after i found out most plumbers in the area charge around $ 200 for what he charged me $ 475 . turns out he also charged me over $ 300 in warranties for a $ 50 part . this guy will lie to your face , i think he believes his own lies even . do not waste your money on this guy in this tough economy . i should have shopped around more before i let him charge me too much . live and learn i guess . i just found out this guy was caught on camera on dateline nbc see for yourself . http : video.today.msnbc.msn.com today 43020325 # 43020325", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a horrible experience with no worries rooter ! i will be updating my full review this week . run away from this horrible vendor ! i will be following up with the registrar of contractors with a complaint as well as the bbb . adrian was indeed caught by chris hansen with dateline nbc . you can see the video here : https : www.youtube.com watch ? v=royodqg8tjk", "score": "1"}
{"review": "talk about superior service available to anyone anywhere in the valley ! i called up on a weekend to get my tubs fixed and they had me booked in to be seen pretty quick -- a few days -- especially considering how far they had to come ( tolleson avondale ) . the work was done while explaining everything to me , not trying to pull a fast one using technical terms . the first company i called was offering a lower price , sure , but without a service guarantee ( which is what sold me , this az water will wreck your showers if you 're not careful ) . you get what you pay for , and with how tricky plumbing can be , why not spend a little more ? i always shop local and home repair services are no exception .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company tried to scam me big time ! they tried to charge $ 700 for a repair another plummer did for $ 200 and they diagnosed the issue incorrectly . they also tried to charge $ 1500 just for coming out . on top of it all their plummer was n't even licensed ! ! ! run from this company ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "response : your exclamation is totally in accurate so i called the company for a price quote to remove a kitchen sink and install a new kitchen sink and to use the existing faucet . the garbage disposal needed to be taken off and then placed back on . there was no major retrofitting of the drain coming out from the wall . a standard kitchen sink installation . my jaw dropped to the floor ! $ 3500 . so i was n't sure i heard him correctly . i thought perhaps he may have misunderstood me or i him . i reviewed what i wanted and he reaffirmed the price . bla hahahahahahaha ! ! ! be very afraid !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "way , way , way , way overpriced ! ! ! do not call these people ! ! i was told one price and by the time they finished , the price had increased by $ 200 . i had no choice but to pay it ! i called and talked to the owner and told them i felt `` ripped off '' . i found out later about some friends of my daughter that used the same company , and had the same experience as i did !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! now a days all you find most plumbing companies are b s repairmen who just want to sell you some other service you did n't call for . this company is to the point , and honest . they show their care for you and your family in that they do n't b s you and try and upsell , instead he knew how to handle the emergency . love that charm and take charge attitude that mr. joe has for his work . very knowledgeable and helped us save a ton of money ... my ins paid for everything after my water heater flooded our home ... call joe and like me you 'll have no worries . we are a family of 4 , and really i do n't mind to admit , i could n't afford the emergency , and mr. joe saved the day . thanks no worries for helping us . i know i 'll be calling them from here on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this shop , they have everything i am looking for , just go its great . favorite foods : - pickled veg to lift any stir fry next to the till area - dim sum galore - good deal on fish and prawns - great prices for rice , noodles and soup noodles - interesting snacks for work lunches plus points - huge selection of amazing foods - inexpensive - friendly and helpful owners - bang in the center of town for me - they have offered to order in specifics for me in the past minus points ( just being picky these do n't really bother me ) - tiny and cramped - not open on sundays", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this will be a short but sweet review on my third asian market that i do love as well as the other two i frequent . this little store is hidden on a little side street off nicholson st. has a lot of the staple asian cuisine ingredients one needs for delicious homemade asian food . not the biggest selection but the basics . besides you could get most of the fresh food you need for asian dishes anywhere up and down nicholson st . so it covers most bases . i always feel welcome when i come in and the prices are not to bad at all for the quality . they also have a little frozen section you can browse in and get anything from frozen fish to frozen chicken feet ( ugh ca n't imagine theres much to eat there , but i would try them if offered to be polite of course ) . so if you live in the area and your craving asian or want to try your hand at making kung pao chicken and need the ingredients this is the place for you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think this shop rocks ! ! there are quite a lot of ready meal super noodle type things which i am not really a fan of , but they also have a great range of condiments - i found my long sought after yellow bean paste here . they also sell really good mochi which i just lurrve so much ! i love that most of the labels are only in chinese , it 's a good opportunity to ask about new ingredients and to discover new tastes . only issue is how to get their frozen edemame up to st andrews in its still frozen state ... ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a tiny store that 's packed full of lots of chinese and south east asian ingredients . it 's a little bit chaotic and it can be a bit challenging to find the exact ingredients you want but it sticks a good selection of stuff . there is a good variety of drinks , sauces , noodles and sweets . they always have the ingredients listed in english on the back but often the cooking instructions are n't that clear and i 'm sure there are things that i 'd like to try but do n't have a clue how to cook . the staff will help you find things if you ask but otherwise they 'll just leave you to get on with it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly ! i 'm from out of town and stopped in for a beer . i do n't know anyone . the owner comes up to me and offers me some free pizza with two more in the oven ? i miss the ohio hospitality and this place is the perfect example of it . so good ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is only one reason to go here . okay , maybe two . great hot pizza and good cold beer . the service is hit or miss and the ambiance is , well , typical local bar style . we 've been here a dozen times and things really do n't change despite the `` new ownership . '' but , hey , you can get a good pizza , a couple of beers , maybe play some trivia or watch a game on the many tvs . or , if you are really lucky , you can catch karaoke night ... .frightful , but entertaining nonetheless !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped at the frog for some food walked in the door it had to be 90 degrees in the place we turned around and walked out , we keep trying the place but it never changes . nobody wants to sweat while they eat", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what had potential has fallen like a rock to the bottom of lake erie . a change in the kitchen staff a year ago was a godsend , but they have since bailed , and so has the food quality . pizza is still good , but that 's about it . everything else from the kitchen is either frozen and reheated , or from gfs . had the lenten perch , it was tasteless . the broasted chicken is good , so i 'm sure it will be off the menu by the time you read this . the wait staff is slow and totally inattentive . they will bring you what you ask for , but at times i feel like a signal officer on an aircraft carrier trying to land a drink . and do n't ever expect something for nothing . the fine art of comping drinks has yet to find its way to se strongsville . and , keep your eye on the drink prices . they change more often than i change my underwear ! glad to hear the outta towner below was favorably impressed . cleveland rocks !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our 1st visit and we will definitely return ! friendly , attentive staff , clean restaurant , and delicious pizza ! we had a minor issue with our son 's order , the manager immediately corrected it & gave our son a water bottle to take home . top notch experience ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love their drinks and pizza ! ! very unique and tastes amazing . i got their loaded potato pizza and tried several different drinks -- all great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nachdem auch hier nicht mehr viele traditionelle b\u00e4ckereien \u00fcbrig sind , gilt es die noch verbliebenen , qualit\u00e4tsbewussten zu unterst\u00fctzen . die b\u00e4ckerei treiber hat dabei eine sehr gesunde mischung aus gr\u00f6\u00dfe , die zum \u00fcberleben notwendig ist , und qualit\u00e4t gefunden . das sortiment wird immer wieder erweitert und angepasst , im winter gibts apfelbrot und eigentlich findet man f\u00fcr jeden anlass und gusto die richtige brot- oder br\u00f6tchensorte . ein tipp : der tag der offenen t\u00fcr ist lohnenswert und man wei\u00df wo sein grundnahrungsmittel brot herkommt . offen hat der treiber in der schwabengalerie bis 21 uhr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "produkte und pr\u00e4sentation super ! service miserabel ! sowas von unfreundlich !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when you walk in the mall you get this wonderful smell from this bakery that you have to stop by and check it out ! their products are always fresh and their quality is great . they are ideally located in the heart of vaihingen so you would n't have trouble reaching them !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bakery treiber is located in really good place , in big shopping center of stuttgart-vaihingen schwabengalerie between vaihingen s-bahnhof and campus of uni stuttgart . the most important 'features ' of this bakery are excellent quality and wide choice of products ! my favorite one is apple cake : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nach einem einkauf liegt dieser b\u00e4cker sehr gut und man kann sich noch schnell ein paar b\u00f6tchen oder ein brot kaufen . die brezeln schmecken vor allem sehr lecker", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best vets ever . we 've used tri-city for multiple years for multiple pets . from regular check up 's to broken bones to the very sad putting down of some beloved pets . we board our dogs there too . tcevh is a world-class vet hospital staffed by world-class doctors and staff . dr 's cromer and clack rock . the staff is first class -- friendly and professional . they care . a lot . now if they 'd just stop calling us when they get some abandoned animal in ... ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you love your pet stay far away from this place : my friend and i took his min pins there back in march . his one min pin had been losing weight and drinking an excessive amount of water . once there they did the exam and said there was nothing wrong with her . his min pin continued to lose weight and continued to drink an excessive amount of water . one month later we take her to different vet and she was diagnosed with diabetes . : - ( she now requires insulin shots and is blind and going def due to this place saying there was nothing wrong with her . so once again : if you love your pet stay far away from this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "several weeks ago , our beloved dog , oliver , injured his cruciate ligament in his leg . we tried resting the injury in the hope it would heal , but to no avail and it became evident that he was in need of surgery . initially , we contacted a specialty clinic and we were overwhelmed at the projected cost of the repair . after several phone calls to various vets , tri-city veterinary hospital was recommended to us . what a blessing ! we brought oliver in for a consultation and he was deemed an excellent surgical candidate . his surgery went well and he is recovering without complications ( full recovery will take several more weeks ) . doctors cromer and snyder exceeded our expectation in educating us regarding possible treatment options and provided oliver with outstanding medical care . in fact , the entire staff treated our dog with compassion and genuine concern . it is obvious that tri-city is passionate about the quality of care they deliver and the well- being of the clients they serve .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my two cats here and sadly , had to put one down . they were an okay establishment but nothing that screamed world class in my book . when my daughter came across a newborn cat on the sidewalk , i drove straight over to the vet where i had spent upwards of $ 2,000 on animal visits over the previous few years . upon bringing in this day-old kitten with little knowledge of how to keep it alive , i was told by the office manager that they do n't take animals in off the streets . they get paid by the county to take in animals . and with that , i was no longer a customer of tri-city east . family vet care of mesa , however , won me over ... read their review ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is fabulous they were more then accommodating and very helpful ! ! you guys just gained a new customer thank you sooooooo much for your help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've taken our dogs to see dr. cromer for 28 years . our dogs are always excited to see him and he always remembers their names and the names of our past dogs . there will always be vets that are cheaper , but i love the personal connection and care that my dogs get .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love dr cromer ! i have been going here with my fur babies for 25+ years and recommend him to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been taking all my dogs to see dr cromer for almost 9 years now . he has the best `` bedside '' manner with my `` kids '' . he greets them first and i love that . i can always get in when i need to . i have even had dr cromer call me personally at home for test results or just to make sure my dogs are a ok .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as much as i love dr. cromer , unfortunately i feel like this place always tries to just get me in and get me out paying a ton of money . i came in for a check up for my girls since i 'm moving and they did nothing in the room . told me about all the shots they needed , etc and took the girls into the back . came in 2 hrs later and said i was done . no doc was even gon na come in ! ! ! i told them i had questions so they eventually went and got dr. cromer . he was amazing , always is . but the rest of it over shadows him . i 'm glad i 'm leaving soon !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everyone in this office is really nice and helpful ! you can tell they care about animals . the vet was honest about my cat and did n't try to pressure me into any extra tests or exams . convenient hours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its kinda like an upgraded version of massage envy -- be a member and you get a second massage at a lower rate . frustration : i do n't like al a carte massages & the bed is n't heated . perks : the staff were friendly and professional -- the facility was extremely clean ! i will stay with my day spa as they always seem to have the customer `` wow '' factor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just got a massage with heather . i feel so bad saying this but she was not good at all . i am leaving more stressed and pretty much feel like i didnt get a massage . this was a bday present to myself and it sucked . everyone was super nice and she was also , maybe it was just an off day but it was really off . im very sad about it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst massage ive ever had . i went in yesterday and paid 60 $ what a waste . i told the lady light and less presure please . i was like she wasnt listening . like she didnt know what the difference between light , firm and deep was . i went in yesterday because i just wanted a nice relaxed swedish massage . i was in so much pain . at times i just wanted to just get up and leave but i didnt want to hurt her feelings . i do not recommend to anyone . at one point when i was face down she was pushing it so hard that i felt the end of the bed was choking me thats crazieeee ! ! ! ! . i will never go back there again . im so sore today . like you know when you go work out for 4-5 hours and the next day you feel horrible well thats exactly how i feel .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was very happy with my experience ! my therapist ( stacey ) was friendly , easily identified my problem areas and adjusted the pressure to my liking . i opted for adding the hot stone enhancement and it was most definitely worth it ! ! ! ! ! excellent place ! i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely go with stephanie ! she is excellent ! i love her technique and the stretches she did for me . she also taught me a few things to improve my posture and how some stretches help with my problem areas . absolutely recommended ! a++++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in to purchase a 3 hour massage . was told i was was purchasing a massage package for 6 hours . signed up , and hated the service . used it once never went back . 2 months later , they were drawing $ 60 from my bank account . told me what i signed was a membership . oh the topper offer was you have already been charged for the month , nothing we can do about it . scammers ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i truly enjoyed my massage here so much.. you walk in and it smells so delicious and the music just makes you completely mellow . the therapist really concentrated on my personal needs . i totally loved their sheets . i get massages often and never have i felt sheets like this before . i had a 90 minute message with a coco-mojito foot scrub . it seemed like the time just flew . the therapist was so smooth and gently but put deep pressure where i needed it.. i am a out of towner but when in town i will defintely be back ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terry brings a professional , confident and calm management presence to massage heights operations . he is friendly , helpful and poised . he makes a difference every day and he is one of the major reasons why i go to massage heights . in a world with a a lot of massage options , terry is the differentiator .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my visits here have become something i look forward to , greatly . it 's very basic , get your hour , go on your way . i go to joseph , who is great and attentive . there was confusion in my first month , and it felt like the manager was insisting that i was wrong when i explained that the associate who signed me up for the membership did not explain how the 49.99 a month worked . basically , getting a massage anytime before the automatic withdrawal happens cost 39.99 , but can not be applied to your automatic withdrawal . you will still be charged your membership price . at which point i exclaimed it was deceptive and b . so it was very nice that terry ( the manager ) reversed the 49.99 charge , and the following month i came at my scheduled time . the people up front are friendly and fun to talk to . i probably will renew my membership when it is time to do so .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place -- kind and cordial receptionists , cozy beds , and very affordable membership rates . both of my parents and myself have memberships . i 've been coming here 1-2 times a month for years now but the massage i received today was over the top . new therapist named carmelita was so ridiculously on point ! ! her attitude and technique made me even more at ease , knowing i was in such good hands . no plans on cutting my membership any time soon , ca n't wait for my next appointment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a member for 2years . it 's a nice clean place with good massage therapists & bad therapists , like anywhere else . i have found my therapists , i need a heavy hand & deep tissue does n't cut it for me . the only downfall is the paper thin walls & the badly trained support staff . at least they got rid of the perfume aka aromatherapy that they used to have outside in the waiting area . after many months of having coughing fits from they cloying smell they finally took that away ! ! the price is the same as the other 2 competitors down the street .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome massage spa ! from the moment you walk inside massage heights , you immediately begin to decompress ! they have extremely skilled therapists , and work hard to remove your kinks and knots . i 'm currently a client , and will continue to be !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! the therapists are always friendly and professional . never a hassle making an appointment . would be nice if the massage lasts the entire time ( 60 or 90 minutes )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing massage from ryan ; professional and skilled . i got more pain relief and increased mobility from this one massage visit , than i have from my recent chiropractic care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had the best massage today ! i came in to get a 90 min massage and i was brought back into this very comfy room . the massage therapist was carmalita ( do n't know if i spelled that correctly ) , but she was awesome . i let her know some areas that were bothering me , but ultimately i was there just to relax and unwind . we started the massage with me face up , which usually it 's down . she focused on the areas i asked her to and i was completely relaxed even caught someone snoring in the room , but i quieted her down lol ! ! just kidding ! best 90 minutes wish it could last all day ! thank you carmelita and massage heights you made my birthday wonderful ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "festive fun with a choreographed tunnel of lights paired with different local choir music . it 's fantastic the tickets are free and the show is the right length - about 15 minutes of watching and listening before the opportunity to walk through the tunnel of lights . i loved it ! it was n't what i expected and the choir music is n't live but it 's still great fun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "of course we have a street of light ... edinburgh is anything but ordinary during the holidays ! i had friends in town visiting and we timed a trip to wings around the 6:30pm show , which meant we snuck onto the street and bypassed the need for tickets . however , it seems on days that are a bit drizzly , you do n't really require pre-booked tickets - something to keep in mind for those planning to visit on a supposedly `` sold out '' evening . the display is beautiful , especially at the end when they light the whole street . it really is a sight worth seeing but i have to admit , i was a bit disappointed that the music was n't live . i think having a live choir would have made this truly enchanting . as it stands , it 's still an impressive display and well worth taking 15 minutes out of your evening to see . bring hot chocolate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this display is really pretty but why oh why is there not a live choir ? i would rather have coughed up a couple of pound for the music to be live than have it pre-recorded . my friend & i were looking around the whole time wondering where the choir were standing & when we realised it was n't there felt a little bit deflated . awesome concept though & it is nice to see people braving the weather & getting into the christmas spirit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so its a pretty cool thing happening by the royal mile , but i kinda expected more . a really pretty display , but yea , its just ... pretty . the show lasts for about 15 minutes and the choir is not live like i thought it would be . i did book tickets online even though it 's a free event but was n't asked to show this when we arrived . overall , its a pretty cool thing to see . i 'd suggest making an evening of it and checking out the christmas markets on princes street afterwards or enjoying a few drinks at a local pub nearby .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i loved the lights and singing . i would n't bother to make a special trip to see them but if you are in the area the make sure you see them . the singing is recorded which was a little disappointing but the timing of the lights was spot on to the recording . tickets are n't really needed especially on a rainy weekday evening so it 's worth trying to get in even if you do n't have tickets .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really great to have outdoor activities in our city such as the street of lights especially in the winter when everyone need a little more tlc . the lights dance to the harmony of the choir and because it takes place twice a day the street are busy but not mugged which is just what you need to pleasantly be enjoying the event . although the event said to book your free ticket online we did n't need them to get in for some reason . the show lasted 15 mins though i was maybe a little disappointed with the colours of lights which were predominantly red and blue , it was nice though nothing i was completely wowed with .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when i heard about the street of light , i assumed it would be a permanent display , turned on whenever darkness falls . however , this is absolutely not the case . there are specific `` show '' times that you can turn up for and see the lights , coordinated with some pre-recorded choir music . the lights are nice , for sure . there are plenty of photos on here , so you can see for yourself . however , i 'm glad i just happened to be on the royal mile at the right time . if i had planned my evening around seeing the lights , i think i would have been disappointed , particularly with the lack of live choir singing . this really could have been a big opportunity to create an excellent festive event with live choir , and fantastic lights . as it is , the street of light is worth seeing if you 're around the area , but make sure to go at the right time , and do n't change your whole evening plans just to fit in the lights !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it dazzles with somewhat lots of lights and has pre-recorded choirs tuned to lighting display . sure it 's good but i would n't say i was overwhelmed by it . mind you saying that it 's good for kids and it 's free . i ca n't complain too much as it was free . it 's set on the royal mile and it 's a ticketed event . it last around 20 mins and your welcome to wander through the lights whilst listening to the choirs . there is about 4 choirs that sing a song each . all very good but pre-recorded . it 's a lot of standing walking around and it 's outdoors , so wrap up warm and be prepared for the seasonal scottish weather because you ai n't protected - at all ! i had a good time , but i 'm sure the kids would enjoy it too if you have them !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beautiful display , lights coordinated with the ( recorded ) choir music . it 's on for about 15 minutes , they light up the whole street at the end and you can walk around a little . they do two shows per night , and there are free tickets available online it is not necessary to book the tickets , which is good - i did n't remember to do it before going . i was a bit disappointed with the whole thing , though , and i 'm not entirely sure why . maybe because i was expecting the choir to be live , or the lights to be more colourful . i was still pretty impressed by the display , it was fun and i had a nice time ! i recommend that you go if you have the chance .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i first laid eyes on the street of light on the bus home . oooh , shiny ; i was drawn to the dazzling bright lights in the distance . so , i made sure to visit the next evening that i was close by . i did n't take part in one of the free ticketed choir events but just walking through the tunnel of light was a dazzling thing in itself . of course , it 's not unmissable as others too have said , but it 's a pretty nice little addition to edinburgh this christmas and could have you feeling in the festive spirit . this is a teeny tiny bit tainted by the 'virgin money ' sponsor that shines from every illuminated archway . but yes , ooooh ... shiny , indeed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i appear to be one of the few people who truly let her inner child loose for the street of light , and who was n't that bothered by the lack of a live choir . all i can say is : event featuring a lovely light show along the royal mile coupled with a quaint selection of ( for us ) songs from the gay men 's choir ( you rock on guys ! ) -- and it 's free ? i 'm all over that like a duck on a june bug . i say bravo to edinburgh for its never-ending efforts to entertain and provide for the good people of the city . sure , i would 've loved to have seen the gay men strutting their stuff live , but i respect their efforts even recorded as they were . that coupled with an impressive light show in the rarest of moments free of rain in edinburgh as of late , i was bopping along in great spirits ! yeah ! encore , encore ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two shows per night with free tickets via virgin online . only 20 minute show but really great atmosphere . singing along under the lights is a fun way to start getting into the christmas spirit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked this my partner did n't . the music is prerecorded and the lights flash on and off in time with the music . it 's christmas and it 's free and when we were there the crowd was cheerful and family friendly . now you do have to book a ticket but it 's 20 minutes of free festive entertainment in a city that can be really pricy during the holidays .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this company is by far the best company i have ever worked with to move . i have moved approximately six times in the past 15 years and have used tnt for every move . not only are the owners a delight to work with but their employees have always been professional and courteous as well as going out of there well way to do the best job possible . everyone i have referred to them as been happy as well . right now i am in an impossible situation and one of the owners tom is going out of his way to help me . thank you tnt for making what could be a very stressful move that much easier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used these movers three times for a reason ! they are always on time , professional , and courteous . my items were always given great care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tnt was the only moving company i called willing to schedule me without knowing how much stuff i needed to move or where i was going . i had sold my home and had 2 weeks to get as much stuff sold as i could and move the rest to storage . they were very accommodating ! the crew arrived on time , did n't complain or pressure me for tips as other companies have done in the past . they were courteous , took good care of my things and worked efficiently . i will use this company again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heart todd and tommy . they are the t and the t in tnt moving systems . i 've used this company for four different moves . the last move was quite possibly the best experience ever . they go the extra mile , they do not exceed their quotes . i was moving my things from storage in charlotte to my new place in dc . i did n't even make it to meet them in charlotte . my mother met them and they managed to get everything into the size truck i had rented and even went the extra mile by wrapping a lot of my furniture for the move that had n't been properly wrapped . everyone showed up , on time and with all the supplies they needed . i highly recommend t-n-t moving ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "paid $ 300 to move a spinet piano that i bought for $ 200 . they broke the slate stairs at the sellers house and refused to accept responsibility . the stair replacement cost me and additional $ 300 . total bunch of jerks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "professional and a perfect move , could not ask for more . i have moved a lot with my company ( who pays for relo ) and this move was up to me and on my dime . tnt offered competitive rates , a very clean truck , super professional movers who got the job done fast and with no incidents . i will definitely use them again if the need arises and make referalls to friends , neighbors , etc . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moving is one of my least favorite things to do and i 've been burned in the past with other moving companies . i entered into my move this past weekend hesitant , but i quickly had a change of attitude after meeting the crew from t-n-t moving systems . joe , josh , and ken did a local charlotte move for me last weekend and it was flawless ! they demonstrated professionalism , were courteous , very friendly , and extremely efficient . i felt like the were very respectful of my time ( service is billed by the hour ) while at the same time not rushing through packing so my belongings would be secure in the truck . do yourself a favor and hire t-n-t moving for your next move ! the rates were very competitive and there were absolutely no hidden fees for the move . i would use t-n-t moving systems for future moves and will be recommending them to anyone i know who is getting ready to move . thank you joe , josh , and ken - you guys are great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well with so many glowing reviews - my husband and i called and filled out the online forms on their website regarding free in-home estimates and have to yet receive a telephone call back . each time we call , we can never get a person only an answering machine .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i go to culver 's once in a while but not too often . they usually have good soups . today i went through the drive through and ordered george 's chili ( although i do n't know who george is ) and a side salad . the chili was good but not as good as `` lisa 's '' chili . the side salad was very small but all in all it was a good meal . the drive through was quick and the people working were friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like their custard , though i 'd much rather go to jarling 's for that . the hot food is n't great , and is n't terrible . what it is is overpriced . that said , that 's not what keeps me from coming back . what does is the policy of giving you your ice cream , then having you pull forward and wait for hot food . by the time i 'm home , the ice cream is melted every time . very inefficient . if i do go , i only go for the ice cream during the winter when jarling 's is closed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a culvers in a college town . service is fine . i 've had nicer , more enthusiastic service elsewhere . i ordered a salad with chicken . the breast was hot a juicy , the salad was 90 % iceberg . i hate all the toppings and chicken and left most the lettuce behind . it was good for a quick meal after 9pm .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a pretty good spot for a fast food burger . the cheese curds are salty , fried , cheesy deliciousness . i have n't been impressed with any of their sandwiches or the fries . the price is a little high for fast food , but it does taste like better quality than the usual fast food suspects : mcd 's , arby 's , hardee 's . drive thru service is incredibly slow as everything is supposedly cooked to order . the custard is really good and i love that kids ' meals come with a free sundae , any flavor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great burgers and their fries are good as well . the staff is friendly and the inside is clean . i like how they bring the food to your table . my only complaint is how you wait in a parking spot when going through the drive thru . maybe they can find a way to be more efficient with this . small issue aside this is where i 'll go when i want a burger . almost as good as meatheads or five guys .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this culver 's no longer have fried chicken on their menu . it was absolutely the only thing they had that was fresh and good . the fish and shrimp are frozen out of a bag and dumped into grease and it taste awful . i will never ever step foot into a culver 's again . nasty food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a fav . they have good oreo custard cement mixers and cheese curds and that 's about it for me . their burgers are supposedly amazing but then again , i 'm not much of a burger person .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "also all the negative reviews are about price , so go get shitty service somewhere else along w crappy food . boom", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the deluxe was a very nice steakburger , even if it had too much lettuce . the wisconsin pub burger was one of the best burgers i 've ever had . it 's cheeses and seasonings produced this salty , garlic flavor that i 've never tasted in a burger before . it was phenomenal ! the crinkle fries were crispy and delicious , and the onion rings were well battered and fried . further , the cheese curds had a fantastic , crunchy batter that was well spiced . finally , the root beer ( caffeine-free , i had the diet ) was delicious , sweet and smooth : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the burgers are tasty , but they 're much more expensive than other fast food burger joints . it 's definitely worth trying at least once if you 're into burgers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it looks like a fun place , but it 's really just average fast food . i had a chicken sandwich and a side salad and a small drink and it was over $ 8.00 . i guess the people seemed friendly enough . i probably wo n't return anytime soon , since i think most every other fast food restaurant is better and cheaper .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "culver 's - oh how i love thee ! ! those butterburgers , creamy frozen custard and fried cheese curds make my arteries scream and my behind expand but my tastebuds rejoice the entire time ! wish we had them in the city , on the other hand , it probably would lose its appeal if so easily accessible !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very fresh tasting burgers that actually taste like hamburger . buns and cheese and other toppings are top grade , fries actually taste like they 're made from potatoes . service is very friendly , seating is very comfortable ( very cushy booth benches , i love that ) . smoothest most flavorful custard ( ice cream ) around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a fast food chain that knows how to produce a good products . the stand behind what they have to offer . restaurant is generally clean . staff is attentive to get your food to you fresh and hot . a rarity for fast found establishments", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming to this hardware store for 20 years , since i was a kid and would bike there and pester them for advice on how to fix things . they have everything , including the small obscure screws and parts no other store stocks . the staff is knowledgeable and can advise you on most or all projects . they can do some small repairs in store . the prices are not outrageous , many items are actually cheaper than the big box stores . this is what you want a locally owned hardware store to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite hardware store in town ! i bought all the paint for my house here , great quality , covered efficiently , looks just how i wanted . and i keep coming back for various odds and ends for other home improvement projects . the staff is always friendly and helpful . best of all , dogs are welcome in the store . my pooch loves coming along for the adventure and treats from the staff , no wonder he love it here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks , nancy , for your words of explanation . in today 's world i still believe that customer service is the benchmark for judging a business . you have typically one chance to make a first impression . but i 've had several experiences at different local stores where the employees are deep in conversation and typically ignore the customer . i 'm less concerned about the person at the cash register . the setup at dorn 's hardware on midvale is destined for negative customer experiences . when you walk in the person who can readily greet you has his back to you . all that person has to do is look at you , smile and say hello . that 's all i expect when i walk into a store . anything else for me will strike me as odd .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i purchased 2 spare key locks and keys for a dodge and gm . weeks later i went to put them under the vehicle and one of the keys did n't work properly so i went back to get it rekeyed but made the mistake of grabbing the wrong key because they were similar . the gentlemen at dorns tried to fix it and realized it was the wrong make so he replaced it with the right one no charge . great home town customer service even when it was my mistake .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their staff and doctor are very laid back but know what they 're doing . i wish i jumped on their yearly deal of $ 300 for unlimited visits but the prices still are reasonable : $ 45 for x-rays & $ 60 for therapy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome staff , family environment . dr. achaval is amazing ! came in with a sharp back pain , dr. achaval adjusted my spine and i left like brand new ! best chiropractor in vegas valley ! ambiente familiar , dr. achaval es lo mejor ! llegue con dolor de espalda y dr. achaval me ajusto la espalda . sali como nuevo ! el mejor quiropractico de las vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome staff and service ! went here when i hurt my back from running , the doctor gave me an adjustment felt better right away . had no appointment was just a walk-in and the service was quick and fast , in and out of there in less then 30 min .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have tried and tried again to enjoy papa john 's pizza as i had when it was first starting out but it just gets worse and worse . the pizza looked like it had been dropped before given to me and the ingredients must be old because my stomach is in turmoil along with my guests . i want to enjoy the pizza but looks like this particular store is off the list . the pizza either comes burnt or raw . this time it came burnt , cold , and tossed around . i think it is time for the company to spend less time playing with sports stars and more time on quality control !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not a fan of this location . their service is ridiculously slow . example : i ordered online today and received my confirmation at 8:53 . it is currently 9:00 . still no pizza . door bell rings cancel that , 9:00 on the nose . one hour and 7 minutes since order . so much for a 30-40 minute promise time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered online ... ..it 's been an hour and a half and i just called and they said it 's on the way . my email confirmation said 30 minutes . good thing i already tipped them online for crappy service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been going to this location for a year or so . i normally order online and go and pick up myself within the 15-25 minute time they ask for . good pizza at a good price especially when they have the 50 % off coupons for the coyotes or the dbacks winning a game", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called to order pizza , they were very polite . but when we got the pizza it tasted terrible and the wings are so small and taste lousy.. the thin crusttaste like crackers . the pizza was greasy and tastless . im giving it one star due to the awful tasting pizza and wings . sorry papa going to stay with barros ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "respectable employees and food . if there 's an issue with the order , they will make it right .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my pizzas were cold upon arrival . having read all the other awful reviews about this location , i 'm shocked the manager has n't gone to the means required to repair his shop 's reputation . i 'll stick with barro 's . papa john 's pizza is n't what it used to be .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always order from here but the last couple of times the pizza and wings have been horrible . looked like someone threw cheese on raw veggies and sent it out for delivery .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible costumer service . the manager tamera was extremely rude to me . never ordering from this pizza place again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have always ordered from this papa johns location , recently though i have not been happy with the pizza . the dough and cheese does not seem cooked enough , very greasy now . this last pizza i ordered actually made me sick the next day . it seems they do n't check the quality of the pizza before they box it up . cmon papa johns..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "being in a strange town ... ..sun prairie , wi thought i should eat a good breakfast . so i found the country cafe . typical coffee shop with locals gathered at the counter swapping stories about farming and hunting . got seated and ordered the early rise breakfast ... .2 pancakes , 2 eggs , and 2 bacon strips . had coffee while waiting and the waitress came by three times to refill before my plate came . pretty good service i think . food came and it was just right and tasty ! nice place very clean and well lighted with lots of parking . the waitresses were all wearing green bay packers tshirts ... .go packers ! reasonable prices too ... out the door for $ 8.50 not bad ! i have no problem recommending the country cafe !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "inexpensive , friendly , tasty diner . i was in town last week , and my friend suggested we meet up at the country cafe . i got the cinnamon roll french toast with a side of sausage links and coffee . we spent about three hours talking there ( all the way from breakfast to lunch ! ) but the servers were completely gracious about it . our grand total after downing a ton of food was a little over $ 12 for both of us . yay for specials ! from the outside , it is not the most scenic of restaurants , but inside is what counts !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my next-door neighbor , who is 84 and has lived in sun prairie all her life , recommended this place for breakfast . it has some very kitschy decor ( basic small-town breakfast restaurant style ) with lots of gingham and wooden chickens , but i did n't care . nothing on the menu looked very exciting , and it seemed like everything cost a dollar or two more than i would have expected . but the waitress was extremely nice , the coffee was good , and the food ( i got the mushroom and cheese omelet ) was great . my omelet had three ( 3 ! ) kinds of cheese and lots of nice 'shrooms inside . it was terrific and also came with hash browns and my choice of toast pancakes muffin . i got the rye toast , as always . we got there around 8:30am ( on a weekday ) and almost had the place to ourselves but more people kept trickling in as we ate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "growing up i always loved their giant cinnamon rolls so while visiting sun prairie , i thought i would return to see if they were still as good . the outside of the building is falling apart , which should 've been our first clue that they really did n't care about their image . after we got seated , we waited and waited to place our order while the 3 servers on duty stood across from us chatting . finally , one of the other 3 tables in the restaurant had to interrupt them to ask for more coffee . we sat waiting for a few more minutes for someone to take our order but finally got up and walked out . no one said a word . i 'm not even sure they noticed . skip this dive and go to sir hobos . the service at sir hobos is always prompt and friendly ; their food and menu options are great !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "country cafe is a sun prairie staple . it 's affordable , consistent , hearty , and pleasurable comfort food . the service is good , and friendly . they are accommodating and patient . the food is basic diner fare . there 's something for everyone and you wo n't leave hungry . i 've eaten l breakfast , lunch , and dinners here for over 20 years with my family and never had a bad meal . some of the standouts are their waffles , fried chicken , fish dinners , and homemade soups . but really i ca n't think of anything that i would n't order again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time here . very dissapointed my waitress was very rude , my food was wrong , coffee was nasty . could have been a bad day but will never come here again . threw up in parking lot right after eating . if i could give zero stars i would ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place for great breakfasts and service . home cooked and friendly competent staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stayed at the hotel across the street and found this place . wound up going twice . good service , pretty decent food and definitely inexpensive . it was overall a good find .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is good to average . better than pine cone truck stops . awesome country fried steak but not many if at all gluten free choices .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not sure what happened here ... service was aketchy , booths were filthy ( could you vacuum the crevice of the sears ? ? ) prices were up , buy the food was good ... might be better places to stop ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "solid little country diner in my opinion . do n't go in expecting glitzy decor or anything fancy . the food was good enough to take me back to high school when we `` ruffians '' would hang out at places like these . the service was good too . fast and friendly , what you 'd expect from this sort of place . yes , it is a magnet for the seniors , but really , what diner is n't ? plus , it 's not like grandma and grandpa are n't going to be able to find good , yet inexpensive food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i used to go to this place with my mom when i was younger . recently started going again and literally nothing has changed . food comes in generous portions for a low price . it 's always the same fast , courteous service , and your coffee cup will never be empty !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "comfy place , decent service and great service . not outstanding but very consistent all the time", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just dined here for breakfast . on a busy saturday morning , was able to get a seat and asked what i 'd like to drink and served very quickly . service was on point and spectacular , and the food was great ! if you 're looking for a cafe with great food , priced right menu and a great service staff , try this locally owned family restaurant in the northern madison area in sun prairie . check it out , you wo n't be disappointed ! thanks to tammy and cassidy for the great service ! will be sure to come back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . i agree with the 2 previous reviews on food , price , atmosphere , i could see some of heather 's silly description really happening . not the healthiest place to eat , with low fiber bread , etc . good oldfashion greasy spoon that really cares about their customers . no modern smoke and mirrors here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "classic diner - without the heartburn ! our family loves this restaurant . my daughter is addicted to the cinnamon roll french toast . my son loves the cheeseburgers and i love the deluxe salad with amazing french dressing ( yes , it 's that good ! ) the ranch is good too ( with chicken strips of course ! )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good inexpensive cafe food . pleasant waitresses . things on menu you wo n't find in franchise restaurants .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i have been coming here for years ! ! ! the staff is soooo friendly and the service is top notch . the food is very good and the portion sizes are fantastic for the price . the country fried steak and the ranch are my wife and i favorite meals . i love that it is family owned and they treat every guest like family . such a great atmosphere and everyone is always helping or doing something . if you are looking for a great meal at a reasonable price and a good family atmosphere this is definitely your place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in colorado and was returning home to wisconsin for a wedding . so happy to find this amazing little diner off of highway 151 . a hardy old-fashioned breakfast with real food and friendly service", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love arkle & harris . their entire staff is so friendly and knowledgeable . our appointments are always when scheduled - no waiting and no surprises !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have known drs arkle and harris for the past 18 years . i find their expertise in managing an orthodontic case to be second to none . very comprehensive minded orthodontic practice . results are of very high caliber . patient care very well attended to by office and all staff members . if there were 6 stars available , i would have given them a six !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr harris is great . his staff not so much . front desk staff are pushy and demanding . usually seem frustrated when appointments need to be scheduled around school or there are questions about billing . even asking `` is there any reason she ca n't come to this appointment '' when i called in to reschedule . my thoughts are that braces are way too expensive for parents to be put on the defense about scheduling and billing . this has been two years too long . the mallard creek office is local and convient for being in the neighborhood but not worth the hassle.dr harris is very knowledgeable and gave us a spectacular treatment plan . thus , i would recommend him but surely in another office .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went there on a wednesday , early evening . it 's a small place , but very comfortable and clean . overall atmosphere was very cozy , and i found the wall decoration with the red bowls that they use in the place very interesting . i really liked the quality of the food , and the price was reasonable . the best thing about the place was definitely the service . the main server and cashier ( who also seemed to be the manager ) , was very thoughtful and polite , making us feel like we were home . at the end , when we asked to take home the leftovers , he added a lot of cheese . i will certainly go back and the place is definitely worth a try if you 're in the corner !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "j'ai pris la poutine au canard . je n'ai pas aim\u00e9 du tout ! la sauce classique est beaucoup trop sucr\u00e9e : ( en plus c'est pas donn\u00e9 pour une poutine ... 36 $ a deux !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh . la faim . cette envie soudaine de manger de la poutine en d\u00e9but d'apr\u00e8s-midi , un d\u00eener tardif . ce d\u00e9sir ardent de se bourrer la face de frites fra\u00eeches , de fromage qui fait du bruit et de cette incomparable sauce brune . cette d\u00e9ception profonde . une poutine tr\u00e8s ordinaire , un burger franchement gras et inint\u00e9ressant , une ambiance froide et peu invitante , finalement . la moiti\u00e9 de mon repas a \u00e9t\u00e9 offerte \u00e0 une personne dans le besoin , un besoin autre qu'une envie de bonne poutine ... qui n'a vraiment pas du tout \u00e9t\u00e9 assouvi par plan\u00e8te poutine .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "j'ai opt\u00e9 pour le classique ... patates , sauce , grains de fromage ! j'ai pas aim\u00e9 la sauce qui est plut\u00f4t sucr\u00e9e ... les frites \u00e9taient dure et non croustillantes . bonne quantit\u00e9 de fromage . service courtois endroit propre , c'est probablement une question de go\u00fbt mais la poutine de plan\u00e8te poutine n'est pas au mien ... triste moi qui mange une poutine par ann\u00e9e ! j'avais envie de me r\u00e9galer ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome crossfit box ! i dropped in during a business trip and fell in love with the ambiance and people . highly recommend this gym !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place delivers results ! i started out at wildfire six weeks ago with no previous crossfit experience ; i had n't even been to a gym in over three years . skip , tiff and the other coaches took the time to make sure i was doing the exercises properly , safely and at a level of difficulty that matched my abilities . day by day i can feel my strength , endurance and agility improve . in the last three weeks alone , i lost 10 lbs. , reduced my body fat by 2.4 % and shrunk my waist 4 in . significant , measurable results ! i ca n't thank the wildfire coaches and my fellow athletes enough for their support and motivation . you make working out challenging , but fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this gym is great for any level of athlete . as a consumer i can tell you the product this gym offers is highly effective for a variety of fitness goals . the gym environment is clean , friendly , and very well equipped . for those dropping in for a workout there is a full offering of apparel as well as a variety of supplements to help you enhance or recover from your workouts . protein powder , nutrition bars , and a variety of water are all available at the front desk . in the gym itself there are clean showers and a water fountain available to help you quench your thirst and clean up after a tough workout . of the many boxes i 've visited this is one of the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was a long distance runner and decided to join crossfit because one of my classmates did it and she was obsessed . now i see why . this gym has one of the best communities i have ever experienced . within the first two weeks i felt like i 've known the members for years . the workouts always kick my butt , but i keep coming back for more . there are plenty of seminars on nutrition , form , oly lifting and clinics . the equipment is great and it 's growing , as well as the community ! i 'm now leaving for college and i 'm sad i have to leave my gym . i 'm not sure i 'll find another community like the one at wildfire . i 'd recommend this cf box to anyone , especially if you want a family like atmosphere with great coaches . oh and also its kid friendly : ) thx coach skip , tiff , chris and laura !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough great things about wildfire crossfit , the community and especially the coaches owners ( skip and tiffany ) . this is a place that truly cares about your fitness and nutrition goals . they have so many awesome programs in addition to the regular crossfit classes . they are the true definition of going above and beyond to make their athletes have the best possible experience . coach skip has even played babysitter and literally rocked my baby for an entire hour just so i could get my workout in ... i was truly blown away ! if you are looking for an awesome , family-feel community , wildfire is the place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "family friendly and as intense as you want to be . skip and tiff run a tight ship and have great coaches . if you have n't done crossfit before , but you 've seen things about it on the internet , it can seem daunting . but it 's actually fun . the coaches and the athletes are very supportive , and they have people there at all levels and skills . if you are new to the experience , check out their saturday morning classes . that 's the best way to get a taste . i 'm not a gym person . i find the equipment , particularly in the big chains , intimidating to figure out and boring to use . at wildfire they use simple tools and they show you how to do things correctly to get the benefit and be safe . check it out and have fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just completed my first month at wildfire crossfit ! i love this place . all of the coaches are very helpful and encouraging and the people are too ! the facility is very clean i highly recommend this gym .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great gym with great owners , coaches & members . highly recommended it to people that are both new to crossfit or have been doing it for years ! they provide a number of different types of classes and have open gym for when you want to do your own workout . they have an excellent community that is very supportive while at the same time pushes you get results . i 've been a member for over a year and highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic gym ! tiff and skip are two of the most caring people i have ever met . their programming fits the needs of all skill levels and their coaches are very well trained . this is the gym for those people who are new to crossfit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great box , smart coaches , nice athletes . drop in from vegas and had a solid wod , warm up , strength and metco . anytime yours in north phoenix and need a to get in a wod , wildfire crossfit is the box to go to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great crossfit gym ! i was visiting phoenix for business and spent my one night in town at wildfire . i had such a great experience . i recommend this gym to anyone interested in trying crossfit or who is looking for a new gym . wildfire crossfit has talented coaches and really friendly and welcoming athletes . a lot of gyms talk about the importance of their `` community '' but i believe that wildfire has created a special space for great people who like having fun while working hard . thanks for letting me drop in skip ! and thanks to everyone else for making me feel so at home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "denny 's is crap most of time anymore but this location is hit and miss and when you hit it , it 's good . my last meal the manager was very cool and checked on us often making sure we liked the food and all . my soda was never left unfilled . on other visits the manager has been lousy , does n't check on tables and customer after customer complains resulting in some sort of compensation with the bill . if only the lousy manager could learn something from the good one . ihop tastes better to me but a few times a year i get a late night craving for breakfast and with the $ 2 , $ 4 , $ 6 and $ 8 meals it 's usually worth it . parking can be cramped during the however late at night it 's better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered online and went to go pick up my food . they said it would be ready by 11:08am . i got there about 3 minutes early when i checked in i was told that they never put in the order , so i was told they put it in then and that it will be ready shortly . here i am at 11:35 , still no food and i was told it will be another 5 minutes and i finally got my food at 11:45am . this is quite upsetting . from now on i think if i want denny 's i 'll be going to a different location . i would have left expect for the fav i had already paid for it . at least the food was warm i guess . about the only thing positive about today 's experience there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and and i went for breakfast and were greeted by a young girl that clearly hated working there . we were seated in a booth that had a sticky surface , it was gross . then we keep hearing f bombs from the staff in the kitchen . if it was n't for our great server edgar , we would have left . food was mediocre at best . we wo n't be back , we will go to ihop next time . clean up your act denny 's on simmons ! terrible !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was good for what it was , but it was pretty pricy for what it was too . we started off with the build your own sampler appetizer , which came out so much smaller than we thought it would be . menu pictures versus reality . for her : i had the grand slamwich ( two scrambled eggs , crumbled sausage , bacon , shaved ham & cheese on potato bread grilled with a maple spice spread ) , which was decent . nothing special but no complaints either . for him : my boyfriend had the hickory grilled chicken sandwich ( grilled chicken breast , lettuce , tomato , cheddar cheese , crispy onion rings , hickory spread ) -- which he described as `` extremely dry and lacking flavor . '' our waitress was also overwhelmed because she was the only one working , and it was difficult to get her attention just for refills . overall , everything was average . the only benefit was it is open 24 hours ... but next time we 'll just go to ihop .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not the best denny 's i 've been to . it was empty and not busy at all . it seemed as if they had no employees because the manager was the same person taking our order and serving my friend and i . it 's super quiet a little to quiet , like a run down saloon in the old west . the service was mediocre and the server did n't ask us what we would like to drink . overall denny 's is great , just not this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service was slow and the food even slower and it was barely room temp when we finally did get it . it 's denny 's , so you ca n't expect the food to be amazing , and as far as denny 's goes , it was okay . also , our table was n't the only one that had orders wrong or food missing . ( took 10 minutes for the guy behind me to get just toast ) . seems like the cooks did n't know what they were doing . probably wont go back . there 's much better food and service elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to this denny 's many times . this time , i just had to add this restaurant . it 's pretty terrible . this time one of my friends ordered the sampler platter ( she ordered it first and i did n't want to get the same thing. ) thankgoodness ! it usually comes with mozarella sticks , chicken strips , and onion rings . hw came back and said they didnt have chicken strips . wtf ! ! so they asked if she wanted the shrimp . she said okay . then he comes back and says they do n't have onion rings . so they gave her regular fries and more shrimp . at the end , no compensation or discount . charges us for the sampler and says he does n't have the code to give us a discount . terrible ! ! i would never recommend this denny 's to anyone !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my parents had a coupon and treated the kids and i to breakfast . the server was friendly but with so many tables to wait on she had trouble attending to us . the hostess was unfriendly . the food was standard diner fare , but it took nearly 45 minutes to get to us even though the restaurant was half full . the hobbit hole breakfast was a bit disappointing as the hearty sausage that you pay extra for was void of flavor . the line at the cashier to pay was also annoyingly lengthy . this place would n't be bad if they added more staff .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "probably the worst service i 've received ... . we waited a long time to be seated , i understand they were understaffed . there 's was only 2 servers and 2 cooks to me that 's short staffed & was n't even that busy i do n't know if the cooks are slow or the servers are slow . i waited about a good 20min for drinks and another 20-25min for food to arrive . both servers kept forgetting about my drinks and my marinara sauce . i blame the manager , he was just standing there like he had nothing to do , denny 's needs to work on this specific location . if you notice the rest of the reviews i 'm not the only one , it 's not me being a dick it 's me saving people 's time . i will probably never come here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just walked out ... horribly slow service . sat and sat and sat ... waiting for my order . hostess warning patrons `` only 2 servers '' ... but a near empty restaurant , it should n't be a problem , should it ? oh well , i had a fairly large order ... let them sort it . wasted 45 minutes sipping a club soda . one star for the club soda . so went across the street to el charro taco shop ... one lady handling everything . ratiowise she 's got waaaaaay more going on ... order taken and served within 15 minutes ... along with the 10 other patrons here . just goes to show you efficiency is a skill .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had to update my review for this denny 's , i went in to be seated and was acknowledged by nobody ... people made eye contact and nobody said a word other than a busier who took our name down , well long story short 10 min later we just left . i looked around at people 's faces and they did n't look too happy so that just gave us more reason to leave , it 's unfortunate how shitty the service is here cause it 's so close to my house but i will no longer be going to this one after several encounters of bad service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm a big fan of dennis and i got to say that is worth going to another location just a few minutes away because this one was probably one of the worst experience i had in one of this restaurants . they took an hour to serve hour food , the waitress just keep saying `` sorry for the delay '' but we still did not get our food.after finishing it took her around 20 minutes to bring us our bill ... it was just awful ... the only reason why this place is not getting a one start is because the food was actually good . they need a whole new staff and management in that place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was hesitant due to review history but in reality ended pleasantly surprised . service was good , food was prepared timely and as expected . facility was clean . not many people dining for dinner thus minimum staffing on hand , but there were no issues . server was very polite and accommodating . kids eat free for dinner ( taken off bill at register ) . kids mac and cheese w side of fruit and a jr shake . country fried steak dinner and honey jalape\u00f1o burger . all food was good and prepared and served timely . our experience was positive at this restaurant which would prompt a return visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came in and had a 5 minute wait . the place was empty ... . our waitress was really nice and our food was out quickly . what else can i say ? it 's denny 's . the food was clearly microwaved but was n't terrible . the coffee was burnt , i did n't finish it . bottom line , would we come back ? maybe , this is n't the worst denny 's but there is better breakfast places in lv .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here on a saturday , steady business but we were still sat fairly quickly . our waiter server was nice but seemed pretty distracted and scatter brained . i think she was trying to keep up with all the tables she was assigned so refills and such took longer than we would 've liked . i understand what it 's like when they 're busy but another waiter asked her if she needed help and she declined . so i 'm not sure how to feel about it . on a separate note , the food was delicious and hot . only issue we had was our strawberry lemonade , tasted like water .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been here numerous times and it is what you 'd expect from a denny 's . food is okay and reasonably priced . i am writing this review though due to the terrible service i received did not receive last night . i attempted to order something to go over the phone and was immediately put on hold . this is okay they may have been busy . but i could hear everything in the restaurant which included the gentleman who answered the phone joking around and shouting liar at i assume another employee . if you are able to do this you could have taken a quick order . after being disconnected i attempted to call back and got a busy signal . i presume the phone was off the hook . i know it is just a denny 's , but in a neighborhood that struggles to get business you 'd think some effort would be paid to service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is one of the dennys we usually go to for breakfast when the whole family wakes up on the wrong side of the bed . our servers name was lourdes for the day and besides her professionalism , she is the definitely the cutest employee there . so i went the route that avoided sweets this time and ordered the sante fe skillet and here 's the kicker.. added corned beef hash into it for a $ 1 extra ! probably the best thing i have ate at dennys and not to mention , huge meal . if you see a pic of a skillet with eggs on top , yeah that 'd be me ; ) overall viewing all the other reviews here , the service is good . i would n't complain about it not being any better because they are not meant to be a fancy restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a hit or miss . service is good sometimes and sometimes it 's not . seems like they have a new manager now and are trying to improve things . i will come back just because i love breakfast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this location is a bad example of a denny 's ! march 10 , 2017 we 're a group of 3 . we ordered simple stuff . the wait-time was unacceptable , our waitress was running around doing the best she can , in an understaffed situation . she updated us , apologized numerous times . the food was basically alright . the eggs my daughter got seemed undercooked . i ordered pancake poppers in advance to appear with the check ... nope . she did n't charge for it . not sure what has happened , but the owners need to get things running smoothly . this is # lasvegas and people expect more . this was a super disappointment . i usually love denny 's and all the staff . today was , as they say : a hot damn mess .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this visit was disappointing and disgusting . we waited 20mins for a salad . then to top it off we got a nasty fork with food still stuck on it . they screwed up the salad order and still charged me for everything . i asked the hostess if we could get a new fork because that was dirty she replied `` that looks gross . '' yes it was gross and her attitude and managers attitude was n't any better . so if you stop by this dumpster make sure to double check your utensils and cups .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great restaurant . comparable to other denny 's locations , although their hot cocoa could have been better . kids eat free here on certain days and w other stipulations , so definitely inquire about this ! love denny 's in general because they always have new foods to try and occasional deals , e.g . $ 2 , $ 4 , $ 6 foods . the best part was the service . they did n't make us wait and were super attentive . a+ for that . would go back here for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ugh ! luckily there 's another dennys at craig marketplace - the difference is unreal !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they had a bunch of tables open and never used them . so many people had to wait to be seated . we waited 10 minutes , 5 minutes for someone to ask us about drinks and we ordered at the same time . took 40 minutes to get out food and there was no apology for the wait . they were n't even busy just slow workers and cooks . wo n't be coming back here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we did n't get to eat ! ! did n't even get seated ! ! waited behind 2 other couples at the hostess station for longer than anyone should have to . one couple left and a few mutes later so did we . no one ever came ! ! not even to tell us `` it will be __ minutes '' . people were already waiting for tables . people were waiting to pay their bill . and still nobody came ! ! ! ! lots of empty tables and still you make people wait . i thought it was only the denny 's at craig and tenaya that had bad service but i 'm beginning to think now that bad service is a standard for all denny 's ! ! i would n't even have given 1 star but i had to give something to write this review . we arrived on a saturday at around 12:30 so it was n't like they were dealing with the morning rush . bad management , leads to bad employees , leads to unhappy customers . come on denny 's , get it together before you become obsolete ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered from grub hub i literally paid for food i did n't get i had a avocado chicken salad with no avocado in it at all i ordered 3 seasonal fruit and did not get any at all ! i also ordered a soup that i did not receive ! ! some idiot ass bitch with an attitude answered the phone when i called to confirm my order and then when my half ass food gets here there was nothing ugh weak ass nasty ass fucked up ass location go to the one down the street or something and then they tell grub hub they ca n't confirm or deny what i am saying but they did n't have that on my order yet grub hub and i have my receipt and it 's on my receipt they gave me fuckin money hungry bitches", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a couple of things you need to know so your experience will be as positive as possible . i 've been here many times and you should ask to be sat in lourdes ' section . she always seems to on top of things when it comes to service . any other waitress is slow and incompetent , period ! also i do n't believe all their cooks are experienced at this location , so have no reservation sending something back if not the way you want it . other then the above , it 's a good place to eat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "every complaint is the same i have placed on online got there and it still was n't ready and then waited 20+ minutes . this happened every time . you could order the simplest thing and it 's still gon na be an hour wait .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been to this location once this week and we had really great service ! got seated as soon as we got there . did n't have a wait time and even when requested a booth which was available . the place was n't really that crowded but still pretty busy . coffee was hot and tasty . ordered our food right away and even got it quick too ! i wish i remembered her name but she was really engaged when making a conversation with me and my mom . she even talked with my dtr as well and . ordered of the $ 2 , $ 4 , $ 6 , $ 8 menu and got the french toast for $ 8 . it came with coffee and a drink , and my dtr ordered the chocolate chip pancakes . since i did n't want the drink the waitress offered it to my dtr ... .. way cool to look out for your customers on spending less than needed on drinks . the food was delish ! never a disappointment with denny 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good late night breakfast place for the area , like the steak and egg and strawberry lemonade , waitresses been nice to me most of the time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only thing i recommend is the burgers . the burgers are so good . but they can go cheap with the fries and it can get annoying . the waiters are nice sometimes it takes a little bit to cook the burgers and it depends on the day you go on and what time of day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no really a busy day and took 20min to take our drink order . to then come back 15min after that to take our order . then 20min after that came back to retake our order because she had `` lost '' her order paper . i was served cold coffee and the food was ok . the server was n't rude nor friendly just kind of blah . defiantly recommend the location on tropicana and decatur over this one any day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food but awful service . they sat us next to the kitchen area and the staff was beyond loud talking nonsense . it was pretty busy and most of us were sitting around waiting for our waiters to acknowledge us . they need more structure and better customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so again , try to give this place a try again and what do you know , server says we have chicken sausage patties , instead of turkey sauasage patties . i say okay . she comes back out and says oh , it has been discontinued and we have gouda apple chicken sausage . my face- priceless , yet still nice and professional . the waitress says , no 1 knee it was dicontinued until now ? ? ? interesting.. so i 'm like what 's the wiifm ? she says i 'll speak to the manager . this guy , not good english comes out with the menu like i ca n't read or incompetent and starts pointing ! i had to politely advise him , i am very competent and can read and advised him , your employees need to be trained properly if things are discontinued and still being offered . so this is it- the manager was horrible , not understanding the common language of america . negative 100 rating ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give this place 0 stars i would .. i order my food online and i still waited 15 for my food . i only get a30 min lunch so i had to hurry and eat it . when i asked what was taking so long she said it 'll be another 10 min .. she then goes to the cook and pulls my order down . it had been sitting up there the entire time ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location is the worst . they dont listen when order is being taken because when you get your food its always wrong . when management is told they do nothing to fix the problem .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i could have made a better meal at home . my friend and i went here for breakfast and our food was cold . which you think would n't happen because they were busy when we came in . this is the second time i 've been disappointed with this food chain . i 'll be taking my business elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got seated quickly which was a plus and the waitress was nice but the food took a while , was luke warm and toast was hard as heck . pancakes looked like pancakes but tasted like nothing no flavor .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after not eating denny 's for at least 15yrs we decided to give it a try rather than our usual which is ihop . this morning my stomach is regretting it . went around 10pm last night , place was n't very busy . hostess asked us to wait for a minute which was actually about 15min . place seemed really dirty , kept getting whiffs of dirty carpet smell . food was good but not great . hash browns and eggs where actually really good . three stars because they did have a decent value menu like biscuits and gravy meal for $ 4 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "halfway through my new ultimate spicy skillet , there was no potatoes half of my plate was gone before i even started ! the only crazy think about this skillet is that half of it was gone when it got to my table ! why denny 's why i 'm always here why this time ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of the worst experiences i 've had in a long time . we arrived at 12:55 waited until 1:15 before anyone even acknowledged our table . the waitress lourdes finally comes over after bsing with another coworker and says i have to stop off somewhere and i 'll be right back . i said we have n't even gotten drinks yet and been here 20 minutes . she said i will do it all at once . who does that ? ? ? ! ! ! there is all of 5 tables occupied and it has been 30 minutes since we ordered and nobody has refilled my coffee . the manager walks around like he is doing something but sadly ... . he 's not . stay away if u want to eat this century", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place ! people are always friendly . service is great ! and hands down the best slow cooked pot roast i have ever had ! you have to try it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man , where to begin ? it 's denny 's so i came in with low expectations , maybe that 's my problem ? having a certain expectation of service ? no sense of urgency , no refills , everyone has their blinders on . the place does n't work as a team but a me vs the other server attitude and it shows . i may not be your guest this time but that does n't mean i wo n't be next time . however , there wo n't be a next time . need a new manager in here asap . great location horrible management . i bet if you let me see the pnl it 'd confirm i 'm right . i 'll just make breakfast at home from here on out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just walked out myself . only 1 table full in the whole restaurant and they still could n't take our order . lady who sat us down did n't smile once and was counting money when we walked in . waited 20 minutes with our waters and walked out . the lady was still counting the money when we left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tierra was awesome very friendly greeted us right away and seemed happy that we were there . or server sy was the best very friendly an personable . thanks sy will definitely be back to this denny 's", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst denny 's ever . we were sat at a table and was not greeted for 10 minutes so we left . no one cared . we watched as there were no servers tending to any tables . i think it is a managerial issue . they seat people to quickly for the servers to handle and thats just restaurant 101 . sad thing is i have always given this denny 's second chances ... i keep coming here even though i know i will get poor service . not to mention the nasty sticky menu 's i was forced to touch to look at the menu . today was the final straw , no more simmons denny 's any more .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "to steal from another , this place is so hit or miss . if they are the slightest bit busy go elsewhere . my sons daycare is very close to this location and i stop to grab something a lot and the wifi is good . they are so understaffed and if all the employees do n't pitch in you will get zero drink refills . it would not be so bad but the guy working today 27 may for breakfast just stood there and shuffled menus while the waitress struggled . zero complaints about the food but i also order the same thing every time santa fe skillet .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast great service and once again i 'm glad they changed the staff out because it 's much better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this denny 's is hands down fantastic . the service was awesome , the staff was very personable , and the food was great . i went at about 11 pm and loved it ! they also give a military discount !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was good , food was good but bathrooms are disgusting ! ! ! ! i would like to think the kitchen was clean .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i are rarely free in the mornings and so when we are we like to go out for breakfast . this was early morning so there was no rush and the place was practically empty . tell me why we waited over 45 minutes for our food ! ? my husband clearly saw that it had been sitting under the heater the entire time , what ! ? yes it 's true . sure enough when the waiter finally decided to do her job the food was cold ! funny thing is that the couple leaving as we had arrived had been complaining about getting served cold food . the service was just awful at this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst of all the denny '' s franchises . my boyfriend and i came in for breakfast and the place only had 3 tables occupied , but the `` host '' decided to sit us next to the kitchen . 10 past and no one greeted us and we noticed other new arriving guest being seated on the other side out of the sight of the kitchen . after a few moments we decided to leave and go to ihop . the waitress came around with the host with a smile and said `` oh , can i help you get the door '' ? wtf ? ! if i could give this rate a zero i would . the location is perfect , the management sucks . someone needs to take over this place from the current owner .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "like another person said , this place is a hit or miss . the last time i went there , i waited 30 minutes on my food with 10 people in the place . i got the grand slam which comes with coffee and choice of juice . i said i wanted orange juice for my juice . i never received my coffee and when i asked about it , the waitress said she thought i only wanted oj since i did n't ask for coffee . you would think that it was implied that i wanted coffee . do i have to ask for every thing ? do i ask for hash browns when it says it comes with it ? there is a problem every other time i go in this dennys . i 've had sausage that was frozen inside . i gave it 3 stars for the times that the service was good . i 've been coming to this location for about 3 years and i 've seen a decline in service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "horrible service . sloooooowwwww service people by us were gave the wrong check . another family waited over 15 mins for a box . you can hear the waiters complaining about other coworkers in the prep area . waitresses barely checks on her tables", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so damn pathetic . the waitress was rude as hell and ha no skills in customer service . i ordered the double cheeseburger with fries and the serving of fries was small . i will not return here unless they change up how they work here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i upgraded my review from 2 star to 4 . the customer service improved drastically . congrats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we live right across the street from this denny 's , so you can say we are regulars . this time around was the worse experience i have ever had . my husband ordered a large nacho for an appetizer and for his meal a build your own hamburger for myself i ordered the spicy chopped steak with corn and broccoli . nacho 's was off the chain , but when we got our order other people who came in 20 to 30 minutes after us had eaten and left . my husband got his hamburger and about 5 minutes later i got mine . my broccoli was still frozen and my chop steak ( flat hamburger ) was room temperature . they asked me if i would like another one , but i refused . a lady manager was not friendly , i would have like to see that asian manager he is very friendly and he knows how to run that denny 's right .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am very conflicted while writing this review . my wife and kids made a decision to eat at denny 's on easter sunday . the wait to be seated was no longer then 5minutes . once seated we all had our orders in mind . we exchanged orders with the waitress , we would n't see our food for another 45+ minutes.. the building was not as busy to justify the long wait.. unacceptable..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a big shout out to mark & mel at d & d cycle in tempe ! they helped me get my vintage '78 honda gl1000 back on the road and `` in the wind '' again . labor intensive gas tank removal clean-out nickel-coating , carbs rebuilt , tune-up , all fluids changed , safety inspection , road test , etc . initial estimate came within $ 100 and bike was completed in the time promised . progress reports and photos along the way as way . i am very pleased with their work and great customer service . again , . big thumbs up ! jj cerilli sedona , az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just got my second set of motorcycle tires here . the service is fast . there are no hidden charges for repairs . i would rather drive 40 minutes to come here to have them work on my goldwing then drive the 10 minutes it would take me to get to ridenow sports . the shop was full of goldwing accessories . like being in the toys r us for bikes ! the phone was ringing off the hook the entire time i was in there . it 's refreshing to see great customer service these days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome . it 's one of the few places i have been to that does n't have an issue with female riders and he does what he says he 's gon na do . i bought my gold wing from them & they were extra helpful . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic team . the best customer service . they took care of me and my 2014 police road king , which needed a new front tire . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome customer service ... both jim and mark were great to work with ... and mark took extra time to walk through the trike with me and watch me drive around the parking lot a few times making sure i was comfortable before getting out on the road ... i felt like they cared about my safety : - ) thanks guys for making my buying experience a pleasant one ! look forward to maintaining a relationship for service and accessories : - ) i am in love with my trike !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my 2015 honda shadow in to have led lights put on the back so every time i put on front and or rear brakes the leds flash . the install makes it look like she came from the factory that way . boston ( not his real name ) , the mechanic who worked on her , explained 2 ways the lights could be mounted and i picked which way . thank you for an excellent job everyone was pleasant ... great experience ! oh and the cost was what they quoted me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best honda goldwing shop i have found in town . they stock quiet a bit of gw stuff . friendly staff . they replaced my stearing head bearings . similar prices as other shops . all of the fork bolts sheared off from being over torqued within a week . i took it back and they made it right and gave me a $ 20 gift card for the trouble . nobody is perfect but these guys make it right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are phenomenal ! they fixed my motorcycle and i paid out of pocket and they did exactly what i told them ; fix the bare minimum to get it back on the street and street-legal . they delivered right on time and i paid a little more than the estimate that they had given me . they garaged my bike until they were able to work on it and were very courteous on all our telephone calls . i highly recommend them . all businesses should follow the philosophy of these guys : `` treat their clients as they would like to be treated . '' my motorcycle now works great and i am a happy rider .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are great ! they are honest , only sell you what you really need . love working with d and d , thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "over the years i have owned several vintage bmw and honda motorcycles , and this place has always been my go-to spot for the hondas . the staff here have been helpful helping me find parts , and the mechanics have done work on several of my bikes . i work on my own bmw , so i am not sure if they would service a vintage bmw or not . nonetheless , i have been here about a dozen times , i have referred friends with bikes to go to d & d , and in all cases it has been a positive experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a small little park that i discovered due to having friends who play disc football . its a small little park in a nice looking neighborhood . the field is in fair condition and it does n't get too busy . its not very big , so there is n't anything like tennis courts or a basketball courts . you can walk around on the path and it has the normal gazebo and grill if you want to cook . it not a particularly spectacular park , but if you need an open field , or just some place to law low , then this park will definitely suffice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "large grassy field for frolicking or playing ball , tennis courts , basketball court , and a couple of play areas for the little ones make up this little neighborhood park . it is a little south of alexander if you 're having difficulty finding it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice neighborhood park . has tennis courts , basketball courts and a small skateboard area . it also has slides for kids .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think this place is wonderful ! my personal fav is fatoosh shawarma salad . its light yet filling , has all the necessary components of healthy lunch . all items are reasonably priced , the food tastes great , at least to my standards ( and i consider my food standards pretty high ) . what i look for the most in a restaurant eatery is fresh ingredients and healthy method of preparation . this place has got my vote ! i 'm there at least once a week ( i try to brown bag most of the time , but cant refuse myself the treat at least once a week . ) do n't get me wrong this place will not compare to the sultan 's tent , but as a quick , cheap , and healthy , lunch i do n't think many places can beat this joint", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the people at wrap & grab have managed to turn an uncomplicated meal into a sopping mess . i ordered the falafel platter to go . the falafel balls were hard as a rock and were n't cooked fresh in front of me . though i try not to waste food i ended up throwing away most of the rice as it was stale and hard . my biggest restaurant annoyance is stale rice . it 's the easiest thing to cook in the world of cuisine , and there is no reason to have stale rice during the busiest hour of a weekday . as an added 'bonus ' , the staff shortchanged me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was dry and old . the quantity was low . customer service pathetic . we ordered the kabob plate for 11 bucks with tax . the lettuce was dry and old . grossed out . the hummus tasted sour . the rice was bland , with no taste at all . there were like 4 potatoes atmost all over fried and dry . i showed it to the server . worst reaction . oh just the heat dried it and then the guy completely ignored and went back on his phone . no apologies let alone exchange the food . even the kabobs were the driest ones i have ever tastes even the temperature was cold . seems like everything is made in excess quantity with no care for how the food is served to customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered the falafel plate , which i think must be meant for two or more people . i mean , there were 6 falafel balls on top of rice and other vegetables . that was way too much food for one person for so cheap . service was good , and the food showed up quick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sweet deal for the price for the shwarma . the guys are super nice ( always `` what would you like my friend ? `` ) , and the service is super fast . however they always seem to be out of beef whenever i visit..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the steps leading up to this cheap middle eastern resto give me a mind-blowing case of vertigo , but the food here does n't really evoke anything close to that . you could be fooled by the busy nature of the place , but i think it 's more a case that it 's a quick step away for city hall employees than anything else . it 's not bad , really . the falafel and shawarma sandwiches here are all right . it 's just another restaurant i 'll add to my `` acceptable place to stop for cheap food '' list . just nothing i absolutely crave to on any particular day . although i do want to try their fruit smoothies ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've tried this place several times . the food is pretty good . i 've tried the chicken and beef shawarmas as well as the kebabs . the food was very fresh and very tasty . the service was quick , which is really important when you 're trying to grab a quick lunch . as others have commented , not a place for sitting , just a quick grab and go ( as the name suggests ! ) . the price for the area is quite reasonable . i 'm certain if you try it , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very decently priced place . they did n't have shish tawook or chicken breast on their menu so i was forced to go to ali baba down the road for my fiance which was a disaster piece of food compared to wrap and grab 's chicken shawarma . i 've been here a few times they are pretty good in timeliness and service and their food is above average as well . i 've seen the same people working here over the one or two visits over 3 years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has wicked shwarma and the price is good too . the food is very filling . just get there early to avoid the rush .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could give this place zero stars , i would . the meat has no flavour , they cover it with so much sauce making it a soppy mess that breaks open after the first few bites . the fries are nasty ( i was desperate ) , the samosa was even worse ( i threw it out after the first bite ) . it used to be good many years ago when they first opened . but it 's been bad for a long time now . and when you say `` no onions '' ... keep an eye on the guy because you 'll have to remind him ... everytime .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the base sauces are really bland . so the food is as well . salads are the best . service is good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good pizza place . reasonable pricing . prefer the original in greentree but will still order the pasta mafaldo or buffalo chicken pizza anytime .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "use often for delivery and food is always great and quick ! very nice staff . salads and pizzas are all good . i use the vincent 's southpointe most often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good place to grab a quick bite if your in southpointe . i call this a typical `` pittsburgh '' pizza , nothing to write home about , but not bad either . the grilled chicken salad is good and the price is right .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good service and food ! love the chicken dumpling soup !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thin pizza was pretty tasty . delivery was fast and courteous . problem was the price seemed very high . $ 21.35 for a large ( standard large size at any pizzeria ) with pepperoni and sausage . just seems pricey .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love everything about this dr , her staff and the office . when you enter the office , you feel like you are walking in to a restoration hardware ad . the waiting room is gorgeous . the receptionist is a crackup . she is so funny and super friendly . dr. walter is awesome . my first visit to their office was a checkup for my 4 year old daughter . they all made her feel so comfortable and were so warm and caring . when we were leaving , i made an appointment for my annual skin check . i had the best visit . i had two problems spots removed and while we were chatting during the procedure , i decided to do some more cosmetic things while i was there . love dr. walter . not only is she super knowledgable but she has such a great personality and is n't stuffy at all . so hard to find in scottsdale ! my husband is going in next for his annual skin checkup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't give this place 5 stars because i did n't walk out completely thrilled . we waited 15 minutes past our appointment time , 15 minutes alone in the room , and then she came in ... waiting does n't bother me but i spent more time waiting than with the doctor . she told me my skin was great and was about to leave until i asked a few more questions . very nice and passionate ... may have just been in a rush and that 's never fun !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this doctor was fantastic and informative . update : everything is great except stacy . she 's rude and condescending . i had a problem regards to a bill that was never sent to me . she scoffed at me . 'once we send it over to collections , we ca n't help you there . ' wrong . if it was your mistake , yes you can correct it . what made me more furious is when she said 'it 's collections ' problem , i ca n't help you . ' i 'll be reporting this to my insurance . they never informed me about this bill before sending this 'unpaid ' bill to collections . i had no problem paying this bill . but this is what you call great customer service ? unethical practice . furthermore , there 's another yelp reviewer that had a similar problem with stacy . beware .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "once i turned 25 i decided it was time to start annual skin checks . as someone who is terrified of any doctor i was definitely nervous but there was no reason to be.this office is so welcoming ! dr. walter took her time but was very efficient ! throughout the whole appointment we had a great conversation and it almost made me forget where i was and who i was talking to . i could n't be happier with my first dermatology appointment and i 'm thankful i found this office . i already made my appointment for next year and plan to have my fianc\u00e9 make one as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr walter did my botox 2 weeks ago and it looks amazing . i could n't be happier . being a physician myself , i know how important training and experience are to positive patient outcomes . which is why i chose a fellowship-trained dermatologist to help me look my best . the staff are friendly , the office is gorgeous and dr walter is professional and knowledgeable . i would , and have , recommended both her medical and aesthetic services to my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. walter & her team are great . they were running a bit behind schedule & i told them i was in a hurry , so the front desk lady , the dr assistant & dr. walter all made sure i got in as quickly as possible . yet , dr. walter did n't hurry through my appointment and still answered all my questions & explained everything thoroughly to me . strongly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was running 7 mins late , so they took the person ahead of me - and they took forever , but some of it was me . once i saw the dr. , she was quick , efficient , and gae me lots of options . she knew my partner was a dr. too , so maybe c that 's why she did n't give me aftercare instructions for my treatment . but she was nice , and seemed like she knew what she was doing otherwise .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr anne walter is fantastic ! warm , friendly , took her time , was not rushed , correctly identified my issue immediately ( after many unsuccessful visits to other dermatologists over the past 18 months ) and after only two days i experienced relief and results for the first time . got an appointment the same day i called , and the office staff is fantastic too . competent and happy to do everything they can to make your visit easy and pleasant . stacey along with everyone else was warm , friendly , happy to help me feel comfortable and assisted me with my wheelchair . oh , and stacey even suggested an app for my phone which actually saved me $ 160 off on my prescription ! ! ! perfect in every way ! thank you so much ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. walter is such a wonderful dermatologist ! she , along with her office and staff , were warm and welcoming and made me feel very comfortable . she 's willing to listen and give her input and listen to any concerns you may have . i will definitely be returning here for all of my dermatology needs ! also , she has a couple of great skin lines and face lotions that smell great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this office . i suffer with both psoriasis and skin cancer at times . the care i have received as well as the profssionalism of all employees has been 1st class each and every time i 've visited . highly recommend this office , doctors and staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience at the practice was great . i booked my appointment through zocdoc and they were expecting me . my wait time was very short before being seen , only a few minutes . once in the exam room dr. walter came in very quickly . she took the time to get to know me and build some rapport as it was my first visit . the exam was thorough and she took the time to answer all of my questions . really great experience , highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was having trouble with my acne . she knew exactly what needed to be done and now my face is in perfect condition !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a bit of a miscommunication error with the receptionist , but it happens over the phone from time to time . we were able to move forward , and i am glad we did ! my appointment was very quick and easy , without being rushed . dr. walter is a very personable individual so it made for a very accommodating environment . the office itself was very pristine and clean . i would recemend her and her business to anyone who is looking for the best quality care scottsdale has to offer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved my visit to this place for my first intro to botox . dr. walters was amazing and helped me decide my best options . stacey , her assistant , explained the entire process , what to expect and costs for the options . having this all explained made my decision easier and took away the fear of the unknown . stacey followed up with me a few days after my visit to check out how i was doing and answer any questions . i loved them and their work so much , i 've been back for skin care products and would refer everyone here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been seeing rhiannon for years and she is amazing , by far the best ! ! from dermaplane , facials , to peels she is keeping my skin youthful , always glowing , and hydrated . she is so knowledgeable and always has the best products and regimen for my skin ! i recommend her to any and everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so incredibly happy i finally found a great dermatologist ! let me start by saying the staff is amazing , which is a breath of fresh air , as medical office staff are generally so unpleasant . the lady who works the front desk ( i 'm kicking myself for not remembering her name ) is an absolute joy ! she is friendly , welcoming and funny ! that woman deserves a raise ! she really brings a positive vibe to the front office . so many times you go to a dr 's office and the staff look like they just hate everything about their job . so the great staff is such a plus in my book . dr. walter is just as great . i went in for routine mole checkup and she was so knowledgeable and friendly . after my exam i had some questions for her and she was more than happy to answer . i never felt rushed , which is so great . i will be back for all of my dermatology needs in the future and will recommend to all of my friends . finally a great dermatologist ! woo ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i previously wrote a bad review and understand now it was a miscommunication . dr walter is a caring doctor and wants to provide a safe environment for her patients as well as great results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. walter is a female dermatologist who took over my care when i came to scottsdale from another state . i wanted a female and i 've had positive experiences with dermatologists in the past . i 'm on a drug that is heavily regulated , and i have to see a dermatologist every month . i really appreciate that she has taken into consideration another condition i received right before coming to see her . she also sees my teenage daughter and is very helpful with her . even though i ask a lot of questions , dr. walter never makes me feel rushed . i ask a lot of questions . i know i probably repeat them , but she deals with it . dr. walter is very knowledgeable , and i think that she cares about me as a patient . i have never walked out of my appointments feeling as though i am a huge inconvenience . she also addresses concerns in a very quick fashion . when i had one today , she took the time to talk to me personally in a very professional manner . many thanks to dr. walter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent doctor very very knowledgeable great bedside manner and solved my skin issues in one visit after seeing about 4 other dermatologists ! she is really the best and her aesthetician lisa is amazing and her scheduler stacy super friendly goes out of her way to help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to dr. walter a few weeks ago regarding a new mole . what a gray experience ( despite the circumstances ) . the staff was very friendly . dr. walter was very helpful and knowledgeable . she mad me feel comfortable , explained exactly what her reasoning was behind her diagnosis . i would highly recommend this place if you are looking for a good quality dermatologist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr walter is the best ! no wait time . friendly staff . she spent a lot of time with me and actually listened ! she did my botox and did a skin check in the same visit . i 'm in love . i 'll definitely be going back annually for skin checks and every few months for more botox ! yay . she told me about a laser for fine lines and wrinkles . think i 'll try that next .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rhiannon is the best ! she is so great with my skin and helping me figure out my skin regime . i am so happy with the services i have received , she 's making me beautiful : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved to az from ca and have had serious skin problems on my face . i found dr. walter and was able to get in right away . she was very knowledgeable and knew exactly how to help . my face has cleared up and never looked better ! going to dr. walter was the best thing for me and now i go on a routine basis . everyone that works in the office is super friendly and welcoming !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. walter saved my skin ! i went from almost no acne ever to a face full of red irritated acne.. she went over everything from daily morning and night routines to follow , wrote them all down , gave me options of products to use , high end and drug store brands . i had an issue with a topical she prescribed and when i called to inform them they gave me another option right away ! she took notes on bums that were n't going away and gave me further instructions on how to get rid of it . my skins has never looked better ! ! i 'm 100 % clear ! i 've already recommended her to friends ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. walter is a great doctor . she is patient , sweet and tactful . she is very thorough and will answer all of your questions . i 've never had a long wait time there , either . at the most 20 minutes . sad but that 's considered good nowadays . either way , great office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do not like giving low ratings to local businesses . but this one is barely a business . for one , they do n't bother to keep their posted hours ! came by twice to shop , and they were closed- once an hour before close on a weekday , and again an hour after opening on a weekend , how frustrating ! the store stock appears to be carefully selected , the mannequins are nicely styled , and they have a cool jewelry display . unfortunately i have no idea if they 're priced well , as i have n't been inside . i want to spend my money , but apparently they do n't need it . both times i visited , neighboring businesses ( other mama and rice shop ) encouraged me to try again- they had good things to say , and i thought it was awesome to see businesses supporting one another ! but either adjust your hours to something you can keep , or fire whatever employee is n't showing up . or maybe just have a website instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fabulous place to get dressy clothing at fantastic low prices . great variety of fashion designs . lots of fashion design clothing . you can find shoes purses coats and beautiful tops ! fantastic customer service ! do n't miss this great place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best consignment store , she has the best prices and great selection ! ! ! the store has a lot of brand new items and very friendly environment for shopping !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to rekloset since the new owner took over and i have 2 say i love the service n most of all the quality of merchandise n prices . i feel so at home cause they genuinely make me feel so comfortable , n no pressure 2 purchase anything . they even tell me wen something does n't look wright . i have never walked into a store were d staff made me feel so comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great vegetarian cuisine at very reasonable prices . they make great pizzas and veggie burgers . their breakfast menu is very tasty . the service was great . the cook greets all customers and tries to make you feel at home . they are also certified kosher .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the huntridge . it 's a great little neighborhood dive , stress on the dive . the drinks are crazy cheap , and they always have weekly specials . the bartenders are friendly and entertaining , and the working-class clientele is refreshingly unpretentious and relaxed . warning : it is smoky as all get out in there , and smells like smoke even when it 's empty ! so if you 're sensitive to that , do n't go here . they have a great jukebox , random bar snacks , and an array of bar video games to entertain the drunkards . i always seem to gravitate toward this place around 2-4 am because it 's right on my way home from pretty much anywhere else . the huntridge is open 24-hours , but if you feel the need to take the party elsewhere , you can always buy 6-packs or bottles of liquor to go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i liked this place . it 's incredibly odd . it 's a pharmacy , 50 's diner , record store and general store all in one . get the breakfast ! ! ! and their shakes are so good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after reading great reviews i was super excited to go here . however it is completely closed . just a heads up to anyone else looking for kosher food in vegas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 're sensitive to cigarette smoke then you should stay away . this place is a relic the ventilation is non-existent so it reeks of smoke . with that being said it 's a nostalgic treat and the two person working the counter took great care of us . the portions were absolutely massive , but i was n't terribly impressed with the quality of the food we ordered . everything was frozen fare and i 've had way better vegetarian options in the valley ... still i 'm glad we got to try the huntridge out . all in all , i do n't think we 'll be back because of the overwhelming cigarette smell . it was very very strong and not something i want my kids around .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is great for the price and they owner and employees are friendly . best kosher ( no hersher tho ) breakfast brunch option in las vegas . you can eat anything that 's on the menu all day long .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "searching for an old fashioned soda fountain in las vegas , i stopped here this week and it was n't really what i was expecting ! i had noticed the reviews mentioned vegetarian and kosher food but i did n't really realize the menu would be all kosher and vegetarian ! i ended up just getting a float but the service was nice and the atmosphere felt authentic . the area around the shop is a little shady but it 's a fine place to go if you want to sit at a soda fountain for a drink .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and i keep strict kosher and we live in los angeles . la has great kosher places to eat , but they 're around 20 % -50 % higher than their non-kosher counterparts ( regardless of quality ) . huntridge restaurant not only has amazingly delicious food , but it 's prices are about the same as a non-kosher place , which is incredible in and of itself ! we stayed in vegas , for our summer vacation , four days and ate here three of them . the food was delicious , portions were very generous , everything was made to order , and the service was very fast and friendly . of all the shows , museums , and other attractions to do in las vegas , huntridge was definitely among our most favorite . we ca n't wait to visit las vegas again just to eat here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are three locals having lunch here on a wednesday - 1 ) place recked of cigarette smoke - 2 ) staff does not seem to have an urgency in getting folks served - 3 ) food was okay -", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was great and i liked the feel of the huntridge pharmacy , but the service was very slow . i 'm thinking it was just a one-time type deal , but the place was n't even busy . aside from that , the employees were nice and my food , the mac and cheese bites vanilla milkshake w malt , were tasty and reasonably priced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was delicious ! really friendly staff and clean place with a retro feel to it . it also has a vegetarian friendly menu . make sure to say hi to xavier !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . first time customer ... but i will be back tomorrow ! ! ! the chef xavier is inventive . his culinary creations are works of art . so impressive ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a sucker for a 50s diner , so i have always wanted to check this place out ! i 'm so glad i finally did because pizza fries exists ! ! so yummy ! my daughter got a cheesecake milkshake and it was delicious ! i will definitely be back really soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little hard to find and in a somewhat sketchy neighborhood , but they have great kosher diner food and a very nice staff . the main ( new ) chef , william , was our favorite part . he had a great sense of humor and was incredibly nice and professional , and man , can he cook up a storm ! classic kosher comfort food . i wish we could convince william to come back to pico robertson in la and open up a place . great , cool , place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved huntridge pharmacy . specially their milkshakes , they are really good . i also like their tuna sandwich , i forgot it 's name , you should try it . hamburger is also a excellent choice . i like to go with my children every sunday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is different than most restaurants . this place is a drug store , yet they have this diner right smack dab in the middle of their store . triply ... ... also because this place is `` kosher '' they do not serve bacon or sausage here . so i ordered the `` elvis cakes '' , which consist of peanut butter & chocolate chip , with whipped cream on top , with bananas in it also . friendly service , although we are the only 2 customers here . lol ... .. i 'll remember this place to say the least .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to this pharmacy by my dr. office . upon entering , either the air was off or they just do n't have any . i walked over to the eatery to get a ice cream for my grandson while i waited for my prescription . the cook behind the counter was very rude . my grandson was playing with a toy , and he automatically snapped . now instead of greeting me , and asking me what i needed in this ran down little dive , his main concern was the toy my granites playing with . as if i did n't have the money to buy him anything . i will never come here again . and i will let everyone at the dr. office know that this was not a pleasant experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service , great food , great atmosphere , surfer girl sandwich is amazing ! shakes are real old school shakes , must try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend and i decided to check this place out on saturday afternoon , and all of the doors were locked . we were really excited to check it out ! i 'm not sure if it 's even open for business . if it is , they need some store hours posted outside .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "retro ! fun ! kosher ! affordable good food ! this is so much fun ! perfect dairy food for the nine days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to see and eat old vintage records up on the walls everywhere john wayne burger is bomb too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in for an annual exam . i just moved out here from the east side . the staff here are very friendly and caring . the prices here seems reasonable although the area seems sketchy but that does n't phase me since i grew up in a far worst area . the exam room felt stuffy and warm . i would suggest cranking the a c especially in the arizona summer . overall i will be returning if i am still on this side of town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have taken my dogs here for many years . to the old owner and the new . i am happy with the services i receive now and was ready to change offices before the new vet bought the practice . we have used them for shots and emergency surgeries , stiches and infections . i did have a 'fill in ' vet once last fall i was not happy with at all . i know this guy and he has his own practice now . i would avoid him if i knew he had the chance to fill in again.. but as he has his own building i do n't see that happening . dr. toribio absolutely takes the time to go over every question you have and seems to care about my animals as if he knows them . he does n't rush you out the door . dr. duston seems tuned into the animal , he has a knack . i am heading back tomorrow for dental surgery on an eleven year old sweetheart . i will update after all this and let you know how it went .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aqua fria animal clinic was great before it was sold . when we took out cat in for dental work the vet kept her from eating and drinking for almost 24 hours . when we took our rabbit in they seemed to have no understanding of rabbit temperament and were quite rough with her . i will not be taking any of my animals back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place . they are so good to my 3 dogs . fair prices too . i 'm a firm believer in the quality care we get here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently we had to put our beloved lilly to sleep and the staff at this facility did a great job at doing their best to help us deal with the situation , despite there being no true consolation . they provided us with private time with her , gave us a priceless forever keepsake of her paw print , sent us a truly appreciated and personalized condolence card , and sent her home once cremated in a beautiful wooden box , with a name engraved tag . although this was not our typical place of attendance for our animals , they have truly earned our appreciation and trust . no words could ever express our gratitude .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great vet office ! ! ! so great to find a new place to take my animals especially that is able to handle my dog 's allergies . we had a rough experience elsewhere & it was such a relief to find a vet close by that could help our dog . actually they were able to get our dog off steroids & on a regular allergy med that has changed his behavior by 180 degrees ~ back to what it once was . he 's active , playing , lost 15 lbs , acting silly , etc ... it 's awesome ! ! ! thanks so much ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . i have taken my dog and my cat to agua fria animal hospital . my cat was attacked by a stray dog about 8 months ago and dr. toribio was so gentle with him and had him in tip top shape overnight . just about a month ago i was walking my dog and a stray pitbull attacked him ( head and ear ) . back to see dr. toribio and a couple stitches later and some medication and my dog is back to his normal self . i was treated kind by the staff and so were my animals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff worked with me to get my dog in asap due to her critical condition . the vet tech that was helping us was extremely loving to my dog and went above and beyond . she even drove with me to the animal hospital because i was in bad shape . you can tell the doctors and staff here are genuine and truly care about the animals they treat . and if you compare their prices to other vets in the area , they are by far the least expensive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will definitely be going back to on the go transmission if i have any car issues ! i 've always been uneasy going to mechanics because i never know what they are talking about and they always leave me feeling like i 've been `` had '' , but from the first call donald made us feel at ease and was friendly , not the cheesy fake friendly but genuine friendly , it felt like talking to a friend . he was honest , and kept us updated with all that was going on and gave us options on what was best for our van . he was a life saver , and restored my faith in mechanics !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really appreciate the time and consideration donald and the other employees put into rebuilding my transmission . he was considerate about my financial situation and tried to keep the cost down . i was shown some parts they replaced and it was obvious that work needed to be done . sometimes it 's a concern , not being familiar with car issues , that i may be taken advantage of . i was not concerned about this at all . i feel like you can trust them and their work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vanity nail bar is clean , and probably the most trendy mesa , az has going . they were very nice , however my gel pedicure was not a good experience . i just moved from vegas , and was looking to find a place i could go regularly , but i wo n't be going back to vanity . my pedicure took 2 hours and not because it was a relaxing 2 hours . it 's because i 'm pretty sure my name tech had never done a pedicure . i 've had $ 20 dollar pedicures better than this , and i paid $ 75 . the massage and foot scrub was maybe a total of 1 min for both feet . the gel polish job was pretty terrible also because she did n't even clean up around the edges with nail polish remover so there is nail polish on my skin that was dried on with the uv light !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my friend and made an appointment for 11:30 am . both of us wanted to get full sets . so that 's exactly what we did , we were soaking our nails for about two and a half hours , the ladies were filing our nails for another hour . by this time it was three o'clock . we both had to work at 4pm and they did n't even start the acrylic . any ways i wanted to mention the fact that my `` nail technician '' was falling asleep on me and was high as a kite also smelled like cheap vodka . i will attach several pictures of our nails that took nearly 5 hours . it literally looks like my 4 year old niece did my nails . so if you want terrible customer service and horrendous disgusting nails please come here ! do not spend a dime here , your hard earned money is not worth it . go to another nail salon", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after a hard days work i went to get my gel manicure done . well to my surprise i got the gel but no manicure.never cheating on my manicurist again.im giving them one star because they were nice ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i needed a new place to try out for my nails . i had a friend that mentioned to me about vanity nail opening up . i followed their instagram account and loved what i saw . i made an appointment and when i arrived tashina was ready to assit . the place is super chic and beautiful . everyone was friendly and i was immediately offered something to drink . tashina listened to what i wanted and not only was patient with me as i chose my colors ( they have an outstanding collection ) she was super professional . i opted for a full set and gel colors ( i showed her a picture from pinterest and she helped me match the colors ) . i am in love with my nails and the overall experience of vanity nail . i will be making this my go-to nail salon ! so happy to have found a place that i absolutely love !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was at vanity for the first time yesterday . i loved it . great selection of polish . nail techs that can bring all those pintrest nail ideas to your tips and toes and most important very clean . pedi tubs are not whirlpools . those tubs may feel good but they are not clean . vanity is my new nail salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do sculpted nails here ! i am so happy because it 's hard to find places that are versed in something other than plastic tip acrylic nails ! cori was fantastic even though she was new her work was checked by the owner who approved no awkwardness just a pure learning experience i loved getting my nails done here and i will again the next time i am in the state for work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great nail salon ; everyone is english-speaking so it 's a nice comfortable environment . they have two large tv 's mounted behind the nail bar , and have a tv show or movie playing for entertainment . they take pride in sanitizing and disinfecting tools , workstations , pedicure tubs , chairs . they have a large selection of regular and gel polishes , as well as colored acrylics , glitters , 3d charms . they can do tips or sculpted , acrylic or hard gel , along with regular or gel polish ! you definitely get what you pay for , and these ladies do amazing custom work ! you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly , cindy is super sweet . best nail salon i 've been to . i highly recommend ! love my toes ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my sister , daughter , & i received the most efficient & creative services from vanity nail bar . they were on-time , clean , organized , & very concise with what we requested . definite returnee . aloha ladies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! clean ... .. , so sick of dirty nail salons ! this place is spotless and do an excellent job on my nails !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just got my nails done here for the first time . i 've passed by and heard wonderful things . first of all , the salon is gorgeously decorated , clean , and organized . televisions playing a movie while i was getting my nails done . cindy did a wonderful job and exceeded all my expectations . there were a lot of polishes , glitter , and rhinestones to choose from . and her nail art is incredible . i can not wait to come back ! i would highly recommend this salon . make an appointment with cindy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vanity nail bar is amazing . all the girls do my designs so well with such accuracy whether it 's from a picture i give them or really bad description , my nails always look totally killer with the greatest design and they come out exactly how i pictured it . their skill are incredible for hand drawing something on such a small canvas and they are gentle , accommodating , just all around fantastic . plenty of parking first off . the facility is modern and very clean , the mani bar and pedi bar are super comfy and there are 2 big screens for entertainment . the bathroom is always clean which is a big deal if you do n't think it is . they are thorough when it comes to filing , cuticle care , buffing , and acrylics . if you do n't like the designs , they re-do it , if you break a nail within a day or so of your mani they will fix it for free . these women are skilled , artistic , warm and friendly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time going to vanity nail bar because my mother in law had been taken there with some friends and i was not disappointed . not only could they do every design i asked for but they were patient with my nitpicking . the salon is very clean relaxing and modern and the ladies that worked on my nails were english speaking so there was no miscommunication . will definitely become a regular !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my nail tech cindy always does phenomenal on my nails . does exactly what i want and does them clean and professional . very clean and professional , comfortable shop . never long waits to get your nails done . i would recommend going there to everybody . i drive 40 minutes just to go here because i 've never had such good customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "alright honest review . i have been to many nail salons . hopped around trying to find a place that i truly am happy at that i can continue to go back to . then i found this salon on instagram . truly one of the best acrylic sets i 've had . not to mention there techs are extremely creative and talented with designs . very up to date with the trends going on . but i mean come on , the picture speaks for itself . you guys my nails are temperature changing ? ! ahhhhhh : ) so glad i found this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place ever in love with their work every single time ! i feel like their staff stay on top of trends and it helps that they have artistic abilities because they can do just about anything on nails !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here a few times ! i love them ! such a fun place ! suggest going here 100 % super clean . and know what they are doing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite and best nail bar i 've ever been to . i can never go anywhere else now . they have a very friendly crew and i always have to request cindy ! she is amazing , so nice and understanding . absolutely hands down the best nail bar in my area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i developed pool issues in the dead of summer i only could presume the worst in both time and cost to get it repaired . what a pleasant surprise when i talked to bill from moores and despite already having been in my area earlier in the day , he came back my way and even when the fix was n't as quick as we both had hoped , he stuck with the job and completed it the same day . then came the invoice and i was very pleasantly surprised at the fairness of the charges . another thing , we talked at length about the general age and condition of my equiptment and while never once trying to sell me anything , he educated me as to my options in the future as the inevitable begins to occur with aging equiptment . great guy , great service and while i hope to not need his services again in the near future , when i need repairs to the pool equiptment beyond my capabilities , moore 's will get my business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bill , the owner , did a great job for us and saved us money . i would highly recommend him , very knowlegable and responsive , which is tough to find these days . good job , thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , the reviews seemed quite good so i left a message on the weekend to call me for a quote . some rude idiot called my wife this morning , and it is now wednesday ! , asking for me a gruff manner . she told him that due to his delay in getting back we had hired someone else . he hung up on her ! a tardy response followed by a very rude manner gets bad reviews and reflects the company culture .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bill moore is the best ! he is skilled , professional , courteous , and efficient . the first three times i called bill for assistance ( over 6 years ) he was able to troubleshoot my issue over the phone , advise me to do the simple fixes on my own , and never charged me a dime . he just asked that i call him for serious issues , too . last year i actually got to pay him for a repair on a rental home , and he showed up , fixed the issue in a single trip , and called me to arrange payment a day later . so convenient ! and last week he replaced my home pool filter while i was away at work ... .it was like having magic little elves take care of everything for me ! he just asked that i drop a check in the mail a few days later . bill is fantastic - i refer him to everyone who 's seeking repairs or ongoing service . call him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have a simple pool system and want a reliable service to check the water weekly and scoop out the largest of debris , moore might be a great fit for you . they are timely and responsive . however , as our pool system was a bit more complicated , i 'm afraid it suffered over the years that we used this service . rather than repairing a vacuum valve , they plugged it and the debris and grit continued to pile up . also , they apparently never opened the pumps to clear the debris from the baskets . as a result we ended up with $ 1000s in needed repairs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been using moore 's pool service for over a year now . nothing but the best service . they go out of their way to make sure you 're taking care of .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice neighborhood park . not huge but large enough to enjoy some outdoor activities . 9-hole disc golf course . fun and quick . a lot of trees make it a little challenging ( i am a beginner so i can seem to hit only the trees ) . decent size playground . restrooms . ample sidewalks for scootering or other activities that ca n't be done in the grass .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice park for some exercise or to take your dog . people are often playing frisbee golf or using the exercise stations . we come here 2-3 per week and we 've never had any issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "los olivos park is great , they have two playgrounds- one for the older kids and another for the younger . the restroom is located close to the playground ( thank the playground gods ) and there are two volleyball courts not far from there . the park is full of olive trees and it has a pretty awesome disk golf course . in the evening it is lit and there is always someone utilizing the different aspects of the park . the only thing it is missing is a splashpad and maybe a little more shade for the swings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love the waggle company ! meggie and her team are trustworthy and caring . i feel very comfortable leaving my two pups with them ! i love that i get an email when they arrive , that the walk is gps tracked , then receive an email with pictures and notes from the visit ! plus i can sign into my account and see the walk route bc of the gps . they follow all the notes i leave about the girls and treat them just as i would ! ... with love and lots of hugs . i highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the waggle company ! we needed a last minute pet sitter with someone we could trust ! our dog is 11 and did n't want to board her ! it was so great knowing minnie was in good hands . the added benefit are the pictures , updates and walk routes ! very impressed . minnie was so happy she barely missed us while we were away . would recommend to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yogi and i love the waggle company ! love everything about them from the customer service , gps tracking system , email confirmations and the pictures they take of my sweet baby yogi . this service makes me feel at ease when i have a busy day and am not able to take him out as much as i 'd like !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "blown away by the service at the waggle company ! they are always so nice , and they make a somewhat stressful situation stress-free ( say that five times fast ; ) ) . i came to the waggle company from a colleague 's recommendation after i had an awful experience with another local dog-walking company . it is the best dog-walking company i 've ever used ! the waggle company not only sends you an e-mail upon arrival and departure from your home that includes a report card and pictures , but they also use gps on their walks with your dog ( s ) so you can see the route taken . their online reservation system is easy to use , and the invoicing is seamless ! highly recommend to anybody seeking a reliable dog walker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best . i love the notes and pictures i get from each visit along with the notification that they have arrived . mr. fluffy - an incredibly picky feline - has even accepted the sitters and looks forward to their visits when i 'm away .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the waggle company is a cut above the rest . what they provide for all your pets , at the pricing that they do - is unbeatable . the pictures , written repot and ease of ability to schedule online makes scheduling out an appointment for my dogs extremely easy for my busy life . not only that , the owners and walkers are all clearly passionate about pets , and that is what is most important ! we highly recommend the waggle company to everyone that we know because of their professionalism , hard work ethic , quality customer service and their unique approach to dog walking and pet sitting !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the waggle company has been a blessing to me ! my 110lb pup roscoe is recovering from acl surgery and could no longer go to day care or boarding like he was used to . meggie and the waggle company are able to take care of roscoe and give him the exercise he needs and giving me the peace of mind knowing he is being taken care of by such loving people . the ease of scheduling online and paying online weekly makes it so simple . i would recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only been a client for about a month but their service is nothing short of amazing . i love they pics they send of my dog and the quick updates they send . amazing staff and owners ; can definitely tell the passion for dogs is genuine and wanting to make sure your pup is taken care of is their top priority .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best ever ! ! ! the waggle company loves my sweet bentley as much as i do ! meggie is such a sweetheart ! love this company", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been a customer for 2 months . we trust them with our dogs more than family . prompt , you know when they get there , they provide recap with pics . just a great experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far , they have been great ! i got a new puppy over the weekend . meggie came out yesterday to do a consultation to meet my pup , ridley , and go over the process and any questions i may have . today they took him out twice and played with him . i love that they send me at least 3 pictures of their time together and give me a detailed description of what they did together and if he went to the bathroom ! there is no fee for same day appointments if you have an emergency , and no fee for same day cancellations as long as they are by 8am . i 'm happy my pup gets some extra playtime and potty breaks during the day ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the more we use the waggle company , the more i love them . the customer service is excellent , and katie does so much better when we use the waggle company vs. boarding her with the vet . she did seem like she missed us , as she was all over us when we got home , but she was right back into her routine as soon as we were home . we could n't be more pleased . we have no reservations about using their services when we go on a day trip , or when we go away on vacation . i truly feel like the folks love katie as much as we do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food , not so great service . we sat down and it took quite a while to actually get asked our order . once it arrived everything was delicious . it seemed as though if you knew the owners service was faster . definitely will be going back but only because the food was so good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "un super fish and chips ! ! le cadre est sympa , le service aussi . les diff\u00e9rents fish & chips sont tr\u00e8s bon , et les assiettes bien pleine . j'ai \u00e9galement beaucoup aim\u00e9 la poutine au homard . je recommande vivement", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place and great atmosphere . restaurant parking space is limited , but there are many available nearby . food is good too , but the price may be a bit higher than average .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what great little restaurant in a industrial area . we were camping nearby and did not want to go far . they did not disappoint . although they are famous for the fish and chips i had the burger with onions straws and grilled shimp . great combo . and the chipotle mayo had just the right heat . my wife had the pasta with seafood ( mussels , shrimp etc ) . she loved it . good selection of beers on tap ( 6 ) . it seemed like a lot of locals were there which is always a good sign.writing this review is making me hungry.i think i 'm going to go there for lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super bon et mignon resto de fruits de mer sur la rive-sud ! service sympa et rapide . nous avons pris un fish and chips une gu\u00e9duille aux homard , le tartare de saumon et des boules de mac n cheese et tout \u00e9tait bon ! sans compter la cr\u00e8me brul\u00e9e comme dessert un vrai d\u00e9lice ! un resto a d\u00e9couvrir \u00e0 la prairie : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything that i ate was excellent ! clam chowder was not thick but very rich in flavour without a fishy taste . steamed clams are the best i ever ate ! small clams but the flavour was great ! lobster rolls were awesome at $ 8 each . two for $ 22 fish and chips on sunday and mondays is very , very good . 8 ways to order it and just as many dipping sauces . best little seafood restaurant on the south shore and definitely worth coming too . family friendly and wonderful service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "restaurant offrant un menu original et d\u00e9licieux .un peu dispendieux par contre . le cadre est agr\u00e9able le service acceptable sans plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we put our house up for sale in march and within a month and a half we had our house sold and moved into another home ! nick , lori and colleen worked hard to get our house sold and find us another one . this team really treats their clients like family . nick answered all of our questions and helped us through the whole process . lori and colleen were always available to show us homes . it was truly a pleasure working with them . i am so thankful for all of their help ! ! i would definitely recommend the bastian team next time you want to sell your house ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't say enough about nick and lori . they love what they do and it shows in every step . plus , they really know their stuff and are nice . what more can you ask for in a real estate agent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the nick bastian team helped us purchase 4 homes in the last 2 1 2 years . they are professional , knowledgeable , and great to work with ! house closings have gone smoothly . i definitely recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly new ownership . little disappointed it took close to 2.5 hours for a new set and a pedicure and i was the only person in . price was a little high for my liking . 80 with tip for a full set and pedicure . did a standard french tip acrylic set and french tip pedicure . my full set was uneven and grew out pretty gross . sad as it was my go to close to the house . have found a new place !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decided to treat myself to a pedicure ... sadly dissapointed . my big toe nail was cut really short and was cut diagonally . i would n't even cut my own toe nails like that . i expect a professional to make my nails look good . also , she did n't spend a lot of time doing the rough scrubby thing on the bottoms of my feet , that 's my favorite part . positives : salon was clean and had good ambiance . the foot massage was awesome and my lady spent a lot of time on my massage .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was so impressed with this shop . little van is so good at her job ! they were very attentive & her message was on point & i fell asleep . they are very conversational & upbeat . the selection if colors are endless and the artwork is gorgeous", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really wanted to like this place but unfortunately got the worse gel manicure i 've ever had . it was not neat at all , it ended up on my skin and all over my cuticles . two days later , it started to peel . i went back to see if they could redo them , they said they could fix them . i sat down to a dirty table while she cut and filed the gel but kept getting my skin and cuticles . the touch ups of polish were worse than the original coats and then i was sprayed with alcohol on my cuts and broken skin . when i said `` ow , that hurts '' i was told `` yes , alcohol . it 's good for you . '' umm ... yeah , i wo n't be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recommend this place . the nail techs here do an amazing job ! ! ! ! ! they are experienced . the new owners are very nice and friendly . i will continue coming here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new owners ! they have a great organic pedicure ! thanks lynn . we will definitely be back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an amazing experience here . went one night close to closing to see their hours for the next day . lynn took me in and said she can do now . she introduced me to sns colours and i did n't regret it . eventho it was way past closing she took her time and did a great job . my nail beds are small so most the time when my nails are done they look like little chic-lets . she made my nails look real and shaped them beautifully . i told her the colours i liked and she worked her magic . i will come here all the time now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you so much everyone was so nice and i loved my nails , they were so friendly and gentle , coming back soon ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to luxury nails bar several times and this place is the best in peoria . the owners super nice , the place is so clean . the best part is free coffee , water and sodas . i was there with 10 of my friends for her bridal party . all of my friends love the place , the price is great . we 're decided to have girls day out here at luxury nails bar monthly . keep up the good job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this little place . they are always so nice . never have to wait . i 've not gotten a manicure here . however they do a lovely job on my toes and eyebrows . it 's quiet and nicely decorated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you lynn i love my nails , i like the sns manicure , and i love the nail salon ! everyone that works here is so nice and friendly ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my go to nail salon ! always super welcoming and nice . a little bit over priced , but you get what you pay for ! the woman who did my nails took her time and made my nails look wonderful . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this salon ! i have not been let down one time . they are so friendly and always happy and talkative . i am a mechanic so my nails are abused . i find this place does such a good job my gel manicure sns gelous color has never lasted this long ! very friendly employees and they take appointments via yelp ( so convenient ! ) . they are in a tiny cozy location , but they do an awesome job making your nails look great . i am extremely picky when it comes to getting my nails done , but the ladies here are all extremely detail-oriented . only con is that sometimes they can be a bit rough and the massage can be uncomfortable.a bit pricier than the average mani pedicure , but so worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service started out good , then went downhill . nails were messed up and had to have her go back and fix them . every two weeks when i came in to get a fill i was charged more and more . kind of ridiculous .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tom did a great job ! i got the sns gel french tip . staff was friendly and funny . i plan on being a regular !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my nails & i love this nail salon ! they do an excellent job . i tried the sns nail products and see how they looked !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely friendly nail salon ! technicians very talented ! i was introduced to the sns method instead of acrylic nails and very happy with the results and the fact that it is better for the health of my natural nail . my pedicure was wonderful ! the grooming was very thorough and the massage was a real treat ! you really get your money 's worth . i have become a regular client and would recommend this salon to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough about the quality service that i received at pro clean . my truck shined like it did when i drove it off the lot when i left pro clean . the employees are courteous and respectful . the owner was friendly and made sure i was pleased with my service . they have the best smelling long-lasting air fresheners too ! you ca n't beat the price for a hand wash .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to take my car through a machine to get cleaned , but after finding pro clean i definitely will be coming here instead ! i got the interior and exterior wash , and the employees did a great job ! my car looks brand new ! ! when i entered my car it also smelled really great . they have daily specials that are listed on their website . since i 'm a student on a budget , i will be coming in on thursday 's since they have discounts for students then . i would recommend pro clean to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is brand new and awesome ! so glad i found it , right next to my office . customer service was a+ and their location is super convenient . will definitely repeat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a-ok . there were a few things that these guys missed but 95 % of the car was clean ... so i ca n't really complain .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the way my truck looks when i leave proclean ! the service is top notch and second to none . the staff pays careful attention to detail and keeps my vehicle looking brand new . many times the owner is on site to meet customers and ensure that each customer leaves with a smile on their face . i also love the daily specials at pro clean that save me money !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my third trip here . i have always found the owner and staff friendly and helpful . i prefer my hot dog well done and loved that my first was done so . second i was less impressed with as i would have preferred it more well done ; however when given a special request for a well done dog they delivered . would recommend to all . great establishment", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is simple . which is n't always a bad thing . except they could n't even get their main feature right . it seemed like they do n't get much business . which explains why my footlong hotdog was beyond charred ... i did n't notice until i was long gone , or i would have asked for my $ 4 back . this was n't some grill marks . this was burnt solid crust dust . it ran the entire 12 inches , meaning it must have been sitting on the same side for multiple hours . crusty , dried out nasty stuff . ruined the entire thing . had to throw it out . hard pass .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mr. beaner 's has the finest wieners in town . i got the kielbasa with sauerkraut and it was made just right . you can get a good deal by choosing any sandwich , a drink , and a side of chips for $ 6 . the workers are very friendly and welcoming . this place is perfect if you are sick of the typical chain fast food and want to try something different . 10 10 would recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a meatball sandwich . quite good , homemade meatballs . need to try the dogs , next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as i mentioned in my original review , staff was super friendly and helpful . the menu is short and sweet , cost effective , and hits the spot for even the most pickiest eaters . i had the kielbasa ( juicy and tasty ) , and other members of my family ordered the footlong hot dog ( a hit with my 4th grader ) , and the hot sausage ( not extremely hot for those used to spicy foods it 's a mild ) nevertheless very tasty . it 's a good option for a last minute dinner option on the way home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my little old jetta may not be fancy but it is definitely clean after travis came out . he was an absolute pleasure to work with for several reasons . he was professional , he did what he said he would do , he paid attention to detail , and he made sure the job was done properly . i commend him on owning his own business , not cutting any corners , and providing a beautiful service . travis completed an incredible detail job on the car and i 'm actually excited to drive the next time ... it looks brand new ! when he was done , he did n't rush off but rather encouraged me to look for any spots he might have missed so he could get to them . i could n't find a single spot for him to redo . it was a perfectly executed job ! i have to be honest , i had not taken care of the interior , but that did n't phase him and he was able to make my car beautiful again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased a black suv over a year ago that needed some love . i held off until i was referred to superior detail by a friend . i was shocked that they were able to bring back a showroom new sparkle to my suv ! was lucky enough to request an at home detail , something that is increasingly hard to find ! the before and after photos are incredible , brought back the beautiful deep color i knew was there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a keen eye for detail and genuine customer service . travis is a professional that loves what he does . he provides a service and product that is second to none .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredibly high quality service . whether it 's correcting paint , removing deep scratches , or doing an incredibly detailed wash , superior detail keeps impressing me with what they 're capable of . just check out some of their testimonials photos and you 'll see what they can do . amazing work and will definitely be back . thanks superior detail !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't rave enough about superior detail . travis takes extreme pride in his work , and goes far beyond what a typical wash would be . my m5 gets used and abused . and after every roadtrip , i have travis go over the entire car front to back . always comes out looking new . i recently returned from las vegas with a car covered in bugs and dirt , wheels covered in brake dust , and a filthy interior . after he was done , the car looked like it did the day i bought it over 8,000 miles ago . two thumbs up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going to travis at superior detail since i got my car two years ago . he does an amazing job and never disappoints ! he can come to you at a small extra fee or you can go to him . if there 's any imperfections with your car he easily spots it and is able to fix it for you and makes it look like new . i always do the basic detail with wash , wax , interior , and exterior clay bar and my car looks better than the day i bought it off the lot . definitely would recommend him to anyone that needs their car looking brand new !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "travis did a great job and he had his work cut out for him . he made my black suburban look amazing . he is very professional . his communication was great and he was always on time . he 's the only guy that will be detailing my cars . i highly recommend him ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service : ) went to 4 different furniture stores before we stumbled upon this one . we came in and was welcomed very nicely . they have catalogs where you can order basically anything you want . the prices are low and reasonable . they offered us water , and even food snacks while browsing their catalogs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to buy your new furniture ! great deals , and absolutely happy about my furniture . good location too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so awesome ! i bought a couch here before and a dining table set . the chairs came in damaged and we got new ones within two days ! moving again so i 'm for sure going to check this place out again . very affordable too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in to look at sofa 's on a saturday afternoon a few weeks ago . the place was empty and there were only two people working ( a man and a woman ) . both were super unhelpful and acted like i was bothering them . so disappointing . when the guy who was working finally did acknowledge me , he reeked of alcohol ... it was 2 in the afternoon ! ! ! i would not recommend this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "talk about great customer service ! i love this place . they have so many options and they will go above and beyond to help you find what you really want , especially if you 're picky . lol rose marie is great love her. ! i am in love with my furniture . this is my second time getting furniture from them . definitely recommend this place they wo n't disappoint. ! delivery is always on time . i will be going back . !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the shopping process was made easy . as well as financing . the only problem was delivery . our furniture did not come on the date promised . plans were made for future delivery and only half of our order came . owner did make it up by refunding some money . and he personally came to be sure rest of delivery went smooth ,", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was such an amazing find , the service and management here are absolutely incredible and they help you find what you are looking for at such a great price ! the manager chris was so nice and so helpful , just purchased my tufted love seat and couch here and i was so impressed , the quality was amazing and they look outstanding in my living room . i am definitely coming back there to find the rest of my furniture for my house ! this is such a little gem but they have so much selection , one of the best furniture stores in las vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very excellent customer service ! hospitable and friendly staff ! they are really great at accommodating your desired furniture choices and budgets ! they also have a wide variety of designs and colors to choose from . definitely coming back for more furniture !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sooo i called to see if i can return it for some store credit or exchange with another table that actually matches the bed.ive been told that i have to pay 30 % restocking fee ! ridiculous ! not even my fault because it was rosemary who suggested that itll match my bed ( she showed me a picture from a catalogue ) . you guys should better train your salesperson and be actually knowledgeble on what youre selling ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "far exceeded my expectations ... if i could give chris and his business six stars , i would . great prices , amazing customer service , honesty , and a huge catalogue of options . i do n't have a ton of experience with furniture places , but i do n't need to go anywhere else because i 'm sticking with furniture xpress in henderson . ca n't recommend highly enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chino is the best ! he gave me a great deal on a beautiful bed frame . there was an issue with the first one that i ordered ( not his fault ) , so he gave me free delivery and set up on the second one i ordered . it looks perfect and i am very happy with the deal that i got . excellent customer service . check them out for a great deal and easy furniture shopping !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "talk about customer service ! these guys are amazing ! it 's family owned so it 's not like your talking to some salesmen trying to sell you what 's best for them . we came in about a month ago to check them out and see their prices . we had found a bed we liked but did n't have the money for it yet . so we went back in a couple days ago to get a bed that we liked . they said they had gotten some new catalogs in so we took a look , we ended up finding an ever better bed . it was a little more than we were expecting but they were more than willing to work with us . they were so friendly and honest & did n't pressure us into anything . they have everything you could possibly think of , i mean everything . and they were able to get it to us within a week . i would highly recommend them . we def . plan on going back . five starts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't get enough of this place ! always leaving happy and feeling like i 'm part of the family . their selection is crazy big and always has great delivery time ! prices are great too ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sending a big shout out to chris for an amazing shopping experience . i highly recommend furniture xpress ! he was patient as we searched book after book until finding the prefect compliments to our home . he was not only professional , but also personable and fun to work with . the furniture arrived in a matter of days and was even more beautiful in person ! ! ! ! ! ! ! service is a key component in the sales arena , and chris exceeded our expectations . his staff delivery people were also prompt and friendly . i will definitely be doing future business here for years to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was skeptical about ordering furniture from a catalog..i just received the bed i ordered today and i love it ! ! rosemary was so helpful and patient when i was being super picky looking through the catalogs . the owner and one of his guys set everything up for me and i could n't be more happy with my purchase !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick easy service . friendly customer service right on top of things . treat you as if you shop there forever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! i went there with my kids to take a look around and they were so welcoming . people forget that the customers should be valued but they put me and my family first . the customer service is unbelievable to say the least . i wo n't be going anywhere else for my furniture for awhile . so if you want affordable and quality furniture this is the place for you . they still believe the customer is always right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing , amazing , a-freaking-mazing ! ! ! ! ! absolutely awesome prices and tons of selections . absolutely the best customer service ever . i brought two couches , one rug , one dining room table and two lamps for great prices ! ! ! ! manager also treated me to a glass of chardonnay rose and chris are awesome , def will be purchasing more furniture for my upstairs ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good selection , excellent prices ! no high pressure sales . delivery available . nice people . i would highly recommend this store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "retro revolution is a well-curated shop that features gorgeous colored glass , cameras , jewelry , beer paraphernalia , kitchen goodies , and more . unlike many antique shops , there 's plenty of room to move around , and everything is clean . for this alone , they deserve five stars . what really prompted me to give them a five-point salute , though ? their attitude . as soon as i saw the sign , `` you break it ? relax , it happens , '' i knew it was my kind of store . they 've also declared their store greed-free , and it shows - one of the first things i noticed upon entering was that everything was priced appropriately and affordably . yes , the items are collectible , but when you can actually afford to put it in your home it 'll actually have a life ( and maybe get some use instead of being put high on a shelf or behind glass ) . pop in , take a look around , and take a little piece of history home with you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fun place to shop and visit . you never know what you 're going to find . on our first visit , i found what i had been seeking for some time -- a budweiser belt buckle . yes ! ! ! i admire their `` no greed '' and humane breakage policy , too . it 's a smallish store but well-kept and organized . they have nice benches out front to enjoy the sun , a sandwich stop next-door , a massage shop and a coffee tea shop right around the corner . definitely worth a stop and supporting . five yelp stars , all the way . see you there ! -- -- update -- 06 20 16 stopped by today and the shop is no longer in that space . there was no indication of reopening there or at any other location . -- -- - update -- 6 22 16 i hear of a pending re-opening on atwood ave. wishing the best for them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is the best place for vintage household items in madison ! they have great prices and the owner ( owners ? ) is very friendly and helpful . it is in a very small space , but they put out new items as soon as they have room . they also have a frequent buyer card , so ask for one ! they do n't do clothing as of this review , just jewelry . i always find something cute for my house , such as lamps , ashtrays , and dishes . my only lament is that it is n't bigger , then they could expand to clothing and larger furniture . that being said , they have some of the most affordable , reasonable prices i have ever seen for the types of vintage they carry . retro revolution is a must-stop shop ! you have to check it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing items ! beautifully curated ! unbelievable prices ! i wish i had a larger place so i could fill it with unique and quirky items .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their tagline is `` greed-free prices '' and this could n't be more true ! i 've been to many vintage boutiques and this one takes the cake . so much to choose from and everything is priced perfectly ! ca n't say enough good things about this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome . owner was so friendly . clean . great prices ( and i 'm a thrift-a-holic ) ! ! ! i live an hour away and i will be back over and over again ... it 's that good . a+++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i try to stop here once a paycheck . favorite store in town ! definitely worth your time to check this place out . plus , dexters is across the street .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing prices , high turnover of items for this same reason so they are always bringing in new items ! ! i am working on my second punch card ! i especially love their housewares items and glassware . i bought multiple globes , crates , mirrors and last week a record holder ! ! ca n't get enough of this place we are lucky to have them in madison !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection . everything was inexpensive and worth looking at . had to make a few rounds before checking out . very friendly staff and store altogether . will recommend to friends and be back often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stop here ! this place is great lots of items , nicely displayed and clean . friendly owner ( i presume ) great vibe . even found a little treasure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've visited this place several times and every time there were lots of new things ! this place is so cool and the prices are just ridiculous ( in a good way ) . when they say `` greed free '' they 're not kidding , folks ! check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . just wow . if you are into mid-century and not paying a million dollars for stuff , this is your place . glass vases for miles . cool ashtrays . barware . sassy pinup pics . tiki stuff . not much furniture - it 's mostly smaller decorative items . everything looked to vein great shape and prices were super fair . madison , you 're lucky .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so great ! what really makes it rise above , in my eyes , are two things : first , the prices are incredibly reasonable . my biggest gripe with most retro antiques stores is how expensive everything is . i mean , i get it , there 's rare stuff , and things that take a lot of searching and curation to get and clean and maintain . but for that reason , i could never buy anything , and what good is that ? retro revolution has a `` no greed '' policy that allowed me to pick up an impeccably well-kept 50s-era glass candy dish for 20 bucks , that i 've seen for 60 elsewhere . and second , despite it being small , it 's really well-organized . a lot of antique malls just have piles of junk , but here you can really see what it is you 're looking it because it 's laid out neatly and attractively . it 's much more inviting . this is a super fun place to check out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ' it 's not very big but the stuff are very friendly . i found some old vintage cool jewelry . there are cool decor and camera and asian stuff too . good spot to visit if you are in madison for one day ! this place is a hidden gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , so we found this for a super cheap trip . it 's across the street from the mgm , next to hooters , so even close enough to walk everywhere . who stays in the room while in vegas anyways ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the location is great and the price for a friday and saturday was cheap at $ 80.00 ! the employees upon check in were neither cordial nor rude . my wife and i only planned to sleep and shower and spend most of the time out and about . the mattress was very weak ... .. when we were lying in bed it felt like a gravitational pull , sucking us both to the center of the bed . the bathrooms are stained and soiled along with the carpet and walls . keep shoes or sandals on your feet when in room . the one major problem was all the bites that i received up and down my torso . upon examination of mattress i discover some healthy looking . bed bugs , especially after dining on me like a las vegas buffet", "score": "1"}
{"review": "your kidding me right ? this place is unprofessional and lack of customer service . we made reservations . we had proof on paper . that we booked a room and paid for it . and guess what ... .they gave our room away . took a hassle to get our money back and it was annoying . go ahead and book this place , but i doubt you 'll be helped", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you get what you paid for with this place . pros : rooms were clean , close to the strip ( mgm to be exact ) , coco 's and a few other places walking distance away , cheap . cons : rooms were kinda small and muggy ... and that 's about it . did n't really use the tv or wifi because who comes to vegas to sit in their room and watch tv or surf the net ? ! if you want to do vegas and do n't mind where you stay , this place is n't a bad option .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "americas best value inn lived up to its promise . our average weekday rate was $ 30 and $ 60 on weekends . the room was clean , and functional . my only complaints are that the toilet flush handle does n't rise easily and the air conditioning was loud and not easily controlled as the choices were between to freeze or no climate control at all . the unit is also on the side of the room so temperature distribution was extremely skewed . it was one of the only places to accept pets as well , so many other alternatives were out of the question for us . i will say that on my first night here , i was propositioned by a hooker who drove by twice and gave me a teaser show . some drunk germans started playing with our cat through the window that same night but were harmless otherwise . nothing you would n't hope for from vegas . their staff was friendly and helpful . we had no weird issues pop up on checkout . thanks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they advertise free wireless internet ( and that something i always look for when i book any place anywhere ) but there was no internet available in the room . i called the management and they simply told me that the internet was optional , was not included and she did hang up the phone on me when i was complaining about that ( that was the evening manager that identified herself as melissa ) . at this you can add that the room is poor , cleanliness is questionable , hot water is spotty ( second floor ) , and the tv ( about 40 years old ) was missing the remote and we had to wait 40 minutes and call 2 times before someone would bring one to us . also there is no ( good ) isolation from the airport noise nearby , so you hear all the planes . it is not worth the price you are paying unless there is nothing else available in vegas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the problem is that the ac heat is not working , and wi fi is very slow , if you are business man do not come here cause wifi speed can not let you do anything , so we decide change to other place tomorrow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "word of advise , if you 're booking in the winter , just pay the extra $ 20 and go to somewhere nicer , like the luxor . $ 39.99 a night here , or $ 60 for the luxor . my boyfriend 's friend booked the place , so i had no choice in the matter . there were a lot of things at the motel that could get on people 's nerves . almost no closet space , hot water can only be used for faucet , or shower at a time . the shower made terrible shrieking noise . our room was missing a desk , but the one next door had one . our tv was smaller compared to the one next door as well . the night stand was missing a drawer , and was chipped beyond belief . tried connecting to the wifi , did not work . however , i did not notice any scary people in the parking lot like some suggested , maybe because it was cold out . a plus , there is a cocos in front .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "perhaps i expected too much of a motel . come here if you only need the bare , bare necessities to be in vegas . the bed is hard as rock , bathroom has water and electric issues , the place just feels uncomfortable . it 's a decent walk from the strip , but close to places like mgm grand and excalibur . it worked for edc vegas , barely . pay the small amount extra during that time to get something a little better !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "clean bed . no bugs . hot water . my only complaint is my room was near the back of the place , so it took awhile to walk from the strip to my room . overall , pretty okay place to stay for your dollar . who wants to stay in the hotel room in vegas anyways ? : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to vegas for iheartradio and did n't know i was going until about a week before . hotels all around vegas were over 200 a night and i did n't want to pay that . this hotel was half of that for both nights we stayed and right across the street from the mgm . the location is perfect if you need to save a little money but still want to be able to walk to the strip . yes the hotel is a little run down but our room was clean and the ac worked and its vegas how much time do you really spend in your room ? for everyone saying this hotel is in a bad area they are very wrong and they obviously have never lived in a major city . i never once felt not safe here its right off the strip no reason to be anymore worried here than just one block away .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hey for what it is the value is fantastic . i was presently surprised that the rooms were clean & a descent size . mattress was ehh . but really hot water . i stayed @ a place just recently also a nat'l chain , 3x the price & the water was luke warm the week i was there . since i 'm not spending hardly any time in the room i 'm calling this a win .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is our 'hood spot . $ 83 a night , on the strip , in vegas . not sure that can be beat . sure , you might end up on the tv show cops , but the people watching over here is priceless . if you 're going to vegas in a group and you plan to walk the strip and not taxi , this is a good place to get a second room so you have both sides of the strip covered !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a bad place to stay for the price . it was what i expected it to be . i came to vegas for my cousin 's wedding and was hardly in the room . the only time i was there was to sleep and take a shower . it 's a little bit from the strip but not that bad . people seemed friendly also .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had called to ask if i would be charged once i checked in or anytime before and the person i spoke to said i would pay when i check in . when i arrived i was going to pay with my credit card but i was going to transfer money so it goes through since they said i would n't get charged until i checked in . the representative said my reservation had been cancelled because they tried to run my card earlier even though they said they would n't until check-in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was expecting a bit better according to some reviews . the place does seem like it gets clean but it just really needs some type of renovation because the rooms have many flaws . saw more then a few cockroaches on our two night stay . you can hear the neighbors through the thin walls . it was a great price and location but in the future i rather pay a little more for a further location from the strip . unfortunately i will not be staying here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give 0 stars i would . this is the worse hotel i 've ever stayed at . the beds are so small and uncomfortable , rooms are tiny . customer service is horrible , staff seem like they hate their jobs . i do n't blame them . i will pay the extra money for a better vegas stay .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "location of this hotel is great . close to the strip . but the a c. is too loud . and doesnt work . needs to be replace . also the flooring needs more cleaning . stay at the motel 6 next door .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if this is truly america 's best value , we are all in big trouble . if you can navigate past the homeless people with the smell of urine in the air and not step on their used syringes , you can find this dump . at minimum wage , this staff is grossly overpaid . visualize napoleon dynamite with his sidekick pedro behind the counter acting like zombies . at one point , one of them said he had to take a break and then went outside to pick up some football cards from the local bookie . they told me they had wifi -- but they did n't . they said they called for a cab for me but it never came . i finally called myself and it came in 2 minutes ! bad place ; sad staff and depressing . if you want a glimpse of lv 's `` dark side '' stay at this hovel . at $ 80 a night , it is a complete rip-off .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not stay in this crack head motel ! ! ! ! warning do not bring children either ! we stood here one week until my house was ready and i experienced hell ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! besides the room and property being filthy and flooded with prostitution and drug dealers ... my suv got robbed ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! they even stole my 2 yr olds diapers and wipes ! ! ! ! ! ! ! and the hotel said since we stood in the back building their cameras could not see that far ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! they stole everything ! ( police informed ) nightmare ! ! this piece of crap motel slum should not be in business ! ! ! ! i pity the low down crack head thieves that stole from a me and my daughter for easter ! hell is waiting for , those bums ! ! ! i will never stay or suggest this low down shelter again ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would n't recommend this hotel to anyone ! when we checked in the toilet was n't working . we reported it to the first desk and hours later , no one came so we had to call again . the water in the sink takes awhile to go down the drain , the tv is really small but i guess you get what you pay for . take it from me , always shop for a room ahead of time so you wo n't have to settle for a last minute deal and get stuck with a room like this one ! if you want a room worth sleeping in , spend the extra cash for something nice and that 's up to par !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wifi will not work in rooms , only at pool and registration area . front desk staff get rude with you when you ask about it . their solution to the problem is realtor he router which does nothing . shady people in motel and outside , do not feel safe . rooms are very low grade compared to other `` cheap '' motels i have stayed in . will never ever stay here again . motel 6 is a palace compared to this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super affordable for what we needed . no one really goes to vegas and hangs out in their hotel room , so for a few hours of sleep and getting ready to go out , it 's perfect . it 's walking distance from the strip , and it 's right across the street from the mgm grand . my only complaint is that the rooms do n't have an iron or a blow dryer , those items have to be checked out in the front , so you basically have to wait for people to bring it back to the front desk because they only have a certain amount and they run out . overall , i would stay here again and for the price , i would recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my bf and i stayed here for 1 night as an extra stay in vegas and i will try to never stay here again . i had a 1 night credit from hotels.com and decided to book the cheapest motel due to the fact we had already spent a lot of money in vegas and wanted to maintain our spending composure . so anyway , we had 1 queen bed , no microwave to warm drinks , and a stinky bathroom . i felt like i was in a locker room , that 's how the bathroom smelled . the room was pretty small too . it was slightly uncomfortable but we did n't complain because we were checking out the next morning and getting the hell out of there . i will try my hardest not to stay here again . places like this make motel 6 look like a luxury suite !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fisrt off all , im in so much pain as i write this review . and im not exaggerating . bedbugs everywhere in this place . we stayed there for one night because we could n't find anything else on the 4th of july weekend . if i knew what i was getting myself into , i would 've rather slept in my car . the next morning my whole body is full of rashes ledt by these nasty bedbugs . i had to trow all my clothes away because i did not want to bring those insects back home with me . the tv does n't even work and how in the world would you f ing expect it to work if it is like 30 years old ? do not stay there . save yourself the pain .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was very concerning to me that i was diagnosed with `` nerve damage '' but they were not willing to review my xray with me . i also did not see any credentials posted throughout the office . be careful with your back ... you only have one", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you like privacy , do not go here . not only did they do my adjustment out in the open in front of everyone but everyone at the company ( including receptionist ) knew what i was in there for . they try very hard to sell their product and it 's very annoying . be prepared to watch lots of videos and be asked questions quizzes about what you learned . honestly , i felt like i was at summer camp . oh and forgot to mention , they are christian based ( christian music playing throughout the office christian slogans around the office ) . kids are constantly running around the office while you are doing your adjustment , quite unprofessional in my opinion .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they are very welcoming & give good care , but i was turned off by the hard sell . i understand it 's better ( for the business ) if you pay up-front ( for the package price ) , but they just were n't willing to do a per visit payment and any larger or monthly amount just did n't work into my budgeting . they tried to be as accommodating as they could within their own business model . it seems as if they handle it like tithing to a church ... the hard sell church . i believed in the chiropractic care , but i just could n't conform to their presentation .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i originally went to see dr. marc several years ago for a sports injury . my regular doctor wanted me to see a neurosurgeon for pinched nerve - that did n't sound good . after several adjustments , the numbness and pain were gone . but , i knew i had some other issues with back and neck pain . i have now been going for several years and he has kept me right . they use 2 adjustment tables with an office cubicle for some privacy . i do n't have an issue with that . i like the fact that i can get in and out in 10 minutes including some stretching exercises . time is more important to me than have a private room for a simple spinal adjustment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had our engagement photos done by karen yesterday and i have to say , she did an amazing job with us . i 'm terrible at the poses but she had so much patience with me . the pictures are really beautiful and i ca n't wait to show them off . i must say her price is very reasonable for how much time she spent and also the talent she has .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "100 % recommend , we are so very happy with every photo , karen creatively captured our beautiful wedding day ! ! ! we could n't be any happier , thank you so much karen ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "try calling this place and ask for directions no one can tell you how to get there this only happen in black own business . i wen to the address and it was a a corporate building so i call them to ask where are you located now i 'm in my car and they said leave your number and i 'll call you back so i just went to the asian restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hands down the food is so amazing ! it takes like heart and soul where put into every dish ! you absolutely do n't get food like this no more . you to taste it for yourself to agree with me ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so good ! ! ! we ordered peach cobbler & sweet potatoes pies- & red velvet cakes -- - thee best i 've tasted ! so moist , rich & even still warm when they were delivered ! ! ! homemade cooking with the best customer service ! they really aim to exceed expectations in your mouth & your heart ! i will definitely be using them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the duke energy theater is found inside the spirit square complex uptown - so you might not know it from the outside . when people refer to `` spirit square '' , they most often think of the mcglohon , which is a whole lot nicer ( and larger ) . the duke energy theater , on the other hand , is a nice space , but it is on the small side . it is in fact so small that if you are near the front and you catch a spirited ( see what i did there ? ) performance of say `` die roten punkte '' , the movements of the performers can be felt through your chairs . most larger venues just do n't convey that - and they probably have much nicer chairs too . on the upside , it 's a very intimate space , even smaller than the booth . on the downside , it 's not the most comfortable place to see a lengthy show , so hopefully you wo n't be sitting for long .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found this venue thanks to a trusty little app called yelp . i was in charlotte for business and once all the business was done was looking for something interesting to do with my time . up pops an event `` social animal '' at the duke energy theater . it was being presented by a local dance company . having taken dance classes in my past , and with a passion for exploring human behavior , i was intrigued and decided to make my way over to the theater . loved the intimacy of the theater . however , if it would have been a packed house , i do n't know how much i would have loved it . i may not be as broad shouldered as benjamin g. , but i definitely like my personal space . love supporting these little venues and will keep my eye out next time in town for what might be going down .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "times like this , i wish i could write a review with no stars -- not because i hate the duke , but because my experience varies between 2 , 3 and 4 stars , depending on the show and the company i 'm with . my mom and i recently checked out distant relatives : african fusion here , and the dancers were electric . the tightness of the venue worked , so that even with 40 or so attendees , it did n't feel empty and the audience was able to give the performers the energy feedback they needed to put on a good show . not so for an earlier show with my husband , who shares ben 's broad shoulders etc . he was super uncomfortable quashed into the rickety older stadium-style seats . the balcony layout also leaves much to be desired . after walking through the lobby past the mcglohon and the box office , the duke can feel like an unfinished , uncared-for afterthought stuck onto the side of a nice venue with bubble gum .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got a smoothie before an early morning flight . the smoothie was good but the service was exceptional ! the ladies working there were quick and kind . made my morning : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was super excited to spot this place literally right after i told my husband that i needed to detox after our vegas trip . we got the kale apple ginger smoothie . it was light and refreshing . you could really taste the ginger . we also got the bacon avocado flat ( not really detox food but we were hungry ) and that was just ok. all in all it 's so great to have a healthier option like this at an airport , yay !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've come here a few times now and the service has been consistently awesome & friendly . not what you typically experience or get at the airport . the product is good and most items are healthy- fresh squeezed juices , smoothies , etc . they also have more substantial choice like paninis . my fave being the grilled cheese . some nice options if you 're looking for something light & healthy before a flight , compared to the metro pizza & quiznos nearby . if you work at the airport , they offer 50 % off on tuesdays . i 'm always in for a good deal , but alas , today is friday . definitely will be back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some kind of healthy eating shop . i ordered the acai drink , and the pbj sandwich . the acai drink was delicious and dairy free- i felt healthier after drinking it . the pbj sandwich was quite good . they load up a huge sandwich with fresh fruit and peanut butter and pt it in a panani machine.. try it prices are average airport", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so surprised at the friendly and patient service despite the airport rush . they even give free samples ! the juices are blended fresh and bottled for your trip . definitely much needed vitamins for sitting in a box of recycled air .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great to see some higher quality froyo here . got the small white chocolate , quantity was very generous . it was good altho i think tcby 's signature white chocolate mousse flavor tastes better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "\u30d9\u30ac\u30b9\u306e\u7a7a\u6e2f\u5185\u306b\u3042\u308b\u3001\u30db\u30c3\u30c8\u30b5\u30f3\u30c9\u30a4\u30c3\u30c1\u3068\u30d5\u30eb\u30fc\u30c4\u30b8\u30e5\u30fc\u30b9\u306e\u7f8e\u5473\u3057\u3044\u5e97\u3002\u5b09\u3057\u3044\u30dd\u30a4\u30f3\u30c8\u306f\u3001\u65e9\u671d\u306b\u5468\u8fba\u306e\u304a\u5e97\u306f\u9589\u307e\u3063\u3066\u3044\u308b\u304b\u3001\u51b7\u305f\u3044\u30b5\u30f3\u30c9\u30a4\u30c3\u30c1\u3057\u304b\u306a\u3044\u4e2d\u3067\u3001\u958b\u5e97\u3057\u3066\u3044\u308b\u306e\u3067\u671d\u98df\u306b\u6696\u304b\u3044\u98df\u3079\u7269\u304c\u3042\u308b\u4e8b\u3002\u30d5\u30eb\u30fc\u30c4\u3088\u308a\u30b5\u30f3\u30c9\u30a4\u30c3\u30c1\u306e\u65b9\u304c\u7f8e\u5473\u3057\u304b\u3063\u305f\u304c\u3001\u30c1\u30fc\u30ba\u306e\u91cf\u304c\u591a\u3044\u306e\u3067\u65e5\u672c\u4eba\u3068\u3057\u3066\u306f\u4e8c\u4eba\u3067\u4e00\u500b\u304c\u3061\u3087\u3046\u3069\u3088\u3055\u305d\u3046\u3002", "score": "3"}
{"review": "surprisingly good . i 'm not a smoothie guy , but did n't want coffee , and too early for a drink . got the strawberry banana as soon as i saw it was only 220 calories for a 16oz . hit the spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eh , just ok . the airport was hot so i craved a smoothie . service was friendly and timely , but the smoothie itself was nothing special and seemed to separate easily . first time at a red mango and i 'll stick with jamba juice if given a choice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my first time here and i had the beauty and the greens . it was pretty good , but quite expensive . after ordering and seeing all the yummy toppings , i wish i would have had a fruit smoothie instead . next time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time ever having red mango . = ) and i can honestly say that i like it . here at the airport , it has a simple menu . ( i do n't know about the other red mango 's ) but here.. it 's simple . it is sorta expensive because they juice and make smoothies & yogurt . and it 's all fresh . this for my healthy friends . hahaha i would order it again though . i like how they use fresh fruit and fresh everything . workers are very friendly and fast . 5 star ! i ordered the mango melody smoothie.. i like it . next time i want to try the pineapple zen juice . it comes in their own `` naked juice '' bottle . so cute !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a vacation and a poor diet , this seemed like a good way to get back on track , which it was . green juice was just right . i was sort of surprised when the juice machine broke or , the worker didnt know what they were doing and got it stuck . i was standing around for a while while looking goofy they got it together . i doubt it was my boyish good looks that distracted the workers , and it was an airport ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "that adorable great dane of mine came down with an upper respiratory infection again and it got so bad we wanted to take him here to get the antibiotic that worked last time . yes , we did call at 4:30pm and were told there was nothing available ( unsympathetically , might i add ) and given a number for the emergency vet they recommended . that recommended emergency vet wanted $ 110 for an office visit after 5pm . i do n't think so ! yikes ! we were able to get into a different vet a half hour later for a $ 70 office visit after hours , and were treated sympathetically . on a side note , this `` pet resort '' backs up to an open field and the canal , and on many early morning runs i 've heard lots of unhealthy barking ... ..making me wonder what goes on there before staff show up for the day . we will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so sorry that there are bad reviews on ocotillo animal clinic . this is a top notch vet office with the most friendly staff you will ever meet . i have taken all my animals here for eight years . i have always been made to feel like my pet is their most important client . they even came to my house to put my dog to sleep . and the care and concern was above and beyond . i can not say enough good things about this vet office . i would never go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would steer clear of this place . the staff is friendly and nice ... but as far as treating your pet this place is incompetent . i took my pet ( 11 yr old dog ) in about 8 months ago . i was told she had pneumonia & bronchitis . they gave me meds for treatment . they never informed me that 2 weeks later there was a check up . so i get a call and email to bring gracie back in for a check up . i do this immediately . i 'm charged again for a follow up , and more meds cause they claimed the ones that were prescribed the first time were not strong enough to treat her illnesses . after paying for all of this again my dog has never gotten better . but i 'm out a $ 1000 and she 's suffering . i do n't have anymore money to take her to a real vet and these bloodsuckers do n't care that my beloved pet is home suffering and ca n't breathe . they just want billable patients and could care less about diagnosing and treatment . beware !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really enjoy going to this vet clinic . they are always fast and on schedule and the team of people that work there are friendly ... .that 's a big deal for me especially when i am with my pups ! the prices are pretty average on what you would expect from a vet . i just found out that they clip nails for $ 12 ... that is pretty awesome , i have a hard time doing this on one of my labs so a quick in and out for $ 12 is worth it to me . the facilities are always clean so you get the feeling that its been wiped down before and after you arrive ... no doggy germs for me thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought my weimaraner here for veterinary visits , day boarding , and overnight boarding for the past 1.5 years until i relocated out of the area . otto is a bit of a legend here , some may say high maintenance , but what weim is n't ? i trust everyone at ocotillo with my fur-son . everyone is incredibly professional , welcoming , and will make sure your pet is cared for to the highest degree . the facility is exceptionally clean , and having used all services they offer , i definitely recommend ocotillo as your one-stop shop for all things for your pet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our 12 year old golden retriever reba had to be put to sleep on christmas eve . reba had multiple seizures the night before and we were really worried that we would n't be able to find a vet that could help us on christmas eve . our regular vet was closed . i called ocotillo animal clinic and they were totally booked for the day but they would work us in . from the moment we arrived we were treated so nice . they worked us in and were able to stop reba 's suffering . they also sent us home with a clay `` paw '' imprint with reba 's name on it . if that was n't enough today in the mail we got a condolence card from ocotillo personalized from dr. piper . that brought some emotion to me and my family . the staff at ocotillo animal clinic go above and beyond . i will be a client for life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "years ago when this location was still on alma school queen creek it was a top notch animal clinic . very personable and you would see the same vet on a consistent basis . since they have moved and expanded you never have the same vet . it is frustrating , especially if you have an ongoing situation . i think this clinic if fine for routine services , however , if you have a dog with serious issues the lack of having a consistent vet can be harmful . they are great on giving estimates on procedures and recommending specialists . it it too bad they expanded as they used to be a personable , get to know your pet kind of place . now it is a vet hit or miss . we have used the boarding services and they were fine . the best thing about this clinic is the office staff . they are wonderful and very helpful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we 've been going here for 5 years . our puppy had been going to another vet until we could n't get here in for an appointment . the difference between vets is n't even close . in the last 6 mos our puppy ( 14 yrs . ) started having failing health . the staff has been compassionate , supportive and caring . compared to emergent care the prices are reasonable . they have always provided options and kept cost in mind . dr. robson is a superstar . she has made late night phone calls and consults . she was intimately familiar with our pup , was tender with her and had stellar bedside manner . she would take the time to calm our pup down before each exam . we recently had to put our little girl to sleep . they gave us all the time we needed , gave us a big room for our little puppy to accommodate our large family . a few days latter flowers arrived at our door with a sweet condolence . we will eventually get another family companion when we do ocotillo animal clinic we be our vets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called to make an appointment for my dogs to get groomed there but was made to feel like i was bothering the person who answered the phone . ( i think her name was mary ) she was n't friendly , she acted as if looking for a further date was too much trouble and she had no problem turning me away . i feel there needs to be some customer service training for people who are the first point of contact with the public ! i will never use that facility for anything !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i adopted my little guy a year ago , and have been taking him here since ! he 's a very nervous guy but the techs and dr. make sure he is comfortable and go slow and are very loving with him . at the end of this visit he was even doing tricks for the dr ! awesome place , very clean , and wonderful staff . the pricing is very fair and i will keep bringing my kiddos here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sick of this place . we kennel our two small dogs here once in a while ( over $ 800 for 10 days ) , the staff is horrendous . the desk staff is snotty and has never once looked up from their computer to greet me and act incredibly annoyed and inconvenienced that i simply walked in the door . every . time . i 'm lucky to get a snotty `` i 'll be with you in a minute '' . i have an appointment every time so it 's not like we were n't expected . the vet who has seen or dogs has the same attitude . wish i could give less than 1 star", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took my bulldog there . poor diagnosis . wasted money in tests . waste time . poor x-ray equipment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very friendly staff and nicely kept facility !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to this office by a friend and i am so thankful for the referral . the staff is so nice and helpful . i was very anxious to take my dog to the vet because i knew she was having issues - they made me feel at ease and comfortable with everything they were explaining and proposing . i have found myself my new family animal vet : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used ocotillo animal clinic for many years and they have done a great job ... i would n't trust my pets to anyone else ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved to the chandler area in december 2013 so thankfully i have n't had to make too many trips to the vet with my two dogs , but the couple times i did have to go this place was wonderful ! i called around when i initially had to set up an appointment for my one dog and of all the places i called this one had the best pricing ! i am pretty picky about where i take my pets for veterinary care since i have over 7 years of experience working at a veterinary clinic on the east coast but i had no doubts at all when taking my pets here ! the staff was friendly the doctors and technicians extremely informative and thorough ! if i could give more stars i would !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my chiweenie `` doodles '' was n't acting herself so i decided to get her checked out . we 're new to chandler so i looked up vet clinics and chose ocotillo . i called to set up an appointment and they were able to see me the same day . when i arrived , they got us into a room right away and had me fill out paperwork . the tech , renee came in and got a little history then had the dr. come in . he did a full exam and really took the time to ask questions about her symptoms . he came up with a plan to treat her and prescribed medication . while there , they also noticed she was due for a vaccine and administered it so i did n't have to make another trip . all the staff were pleasant and nice to doodles and i. i would use this clinic again . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love the ocotillo family . whether it 's grooming , boarding , or just a check-up we 've always received great service . we never have to worry about our special needs dog when we leave him there for boarding or grooming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i take our pets to this vet clinic and have been extremely happy with the compassionate care they give our animals . the staff is always kind , considerate and a pleasure to interact with at all times . the doctors always take time to throughly explain in detail the best treatment plan for our pets . the facility is very clean in all areas . we strongly recommend this vet clinic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going here for years . long ( long ) waits to see a doctor , snarky front-desk staff ( they used to be so nice - someone told me they 're under new management so maybe that 's it ) . it used to be worth paying a premium , but i do n't feel like the value is there anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i brought my great dane and french bulldog after seeing positive reviews and i was definitely not let down . dr beck was fantastic with our babies in catering to them . she also remembered them from a serious condition they suffered last year . i appreciate a staff that is genuine in caring for their patients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would not recommend this vet . our pet was misdiagnosed we ended up at an emergency vet . after walking through the event with the emergency vet , we found out the diagnosis was something that should have been caught in previous visits with ocotillo animal clinic . ocotillo is n't here for your pet , i would not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ocotillo animal clinic is the best ! since moving here 8 years ago i have been going to ocotillo with my beagle maggie . two years ago she passed away after much love and care by dr. piper . dr. piper worked very hard on keeping maggie with us as long as he could , but alas she had an inoperable bladder tumor and dr. piper also help us in giving her peace and saying goodbye to her . two years later we now have 2 new beagle puppies molly and mickey and i did not hesitate to bring them in to see dr. piper . he is so wonderful and caring . we live in gilbert and there is a vet clinic within walking distance to my home , but i would never think of going anywhere but ocotillo . everyone is great there from front to back . i recommend ocotillo animal clinic to anyone who loves their pet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sometimes as long time clients we forget to review our go to places ... ..i have been taking my animals here since they opened their original office and at one time or another have used all of their services . we have always been treated well and neither dog has ever shown anything but joy at arriving here . luckily most visits have been the routine annual and now twice a year checkups . my dog is currently 2 years beyond her breeds life expectancy and i 'm sure part of it is following the clinics advice on feeding , exercise and recommended care when she is sick . they get me in fairly quick when she is sick and are very empathetic . while traveling one time i lost d 's meds and the clinic worked quickly with a vet in ca to transfer a prescripton and get her a supply of the meds . in the last few years she has developed lumps and the dr instructed me in detail on checking them to ensure they remain non-issues not requiring anything for now but monitoring .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is honestly the best vet clinic i have ever been to.. i was raised with horses and was in 4h for 5 years raising sheep . i never had to board a dog before but this place helped me out in so many ways . my dog is not neutered and i just moved from oregon to arizona . i guess i did n't have the right shots for him ( per state it 's different ) not only did they take him in but aloud him to say for 7 days ! he had his shots done several months before but did n't have backups ? because of his age he did n't need that ! he is a healthy boy ! boston terrier ... when i picked him up he was willing to go back to the kennel . now for him to trust anybody is amazing . i absolutely recommend this place for boarding and vet check ups !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would stay away from here . have heard awful stories of animal abuse and unjustified euthanasias . scary place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never a visit under a hundred bucks , no matter how small the issue is with your pet . nice and friendly , component staff , just expensive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the first appointment was great . they gave him medication to make him comfortable . he was happy for two weeks . then he was suddenly having trouble breathing . called ocotillo animal clinic and they would not give us an appointment until monday even though they knew he was having trouble breathing . we would not wait 48 hours for them to see him and give him the wrong medication again so we took him to the emergency vet . they did x-rays and told us that a huge hernia and free gas was pushing his organs up into his chest and throat . no fixing that without my dog living the rest of his life in pain . the hospital said the most humane thing to do was put him down . we had to . i realize this is a genetic thing with his breed , but why could n't ocotillo be more considerate ? you were going to make me wait until monday . you were going to make him suffer until monday . how dare you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been going here for many years . they are very personable and have good doctors . they also have an excellent grooming staff . just keeps getting more expensive . no wonder so many people ca n't afford to have an animal : (", "score": "4"}
{"review": "can be a little pricier than others but location and facility is newer and top notch . some inconsistency among the vets . it we keep coming back so they get our vote from our 4 dogs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love them for vet but i wo n't use them again for boarding . i picked her up and they had n't done her nails after charging me and saying they had . they handed me back her bed that was covered in poop and she never poops herself and said they did n't have time to wash it ... ... not sure how long she was sitting in her own poop . i wo n't use here again for boarding : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everyone my husband and i have come into contact with at this animal clinic has been as kind and professional as can be . we never feel rushed with our visits , they explain procedures and after care very clearly . our financial responsibility is always laid out prior , the best it can be . they are extreemly compasionate to our two canine kids . simply put , i ca n't think of any reason why we would take our beloved dogs anywhere else . thank you everyone for your kindness to pudgie today . ron & lesa", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some of the best food i 've had in the city yet ( been here for a year ) . from what i gather the chef is the owner and takes his food very seriously . from tuesday-thursday , they offer a $ 25 fixed-price menu , that comes with a soup salad , any main that costs under $ 25 , and a dessert . i had the soup ( squash ) , pork-belly , and mango ice cream thing as part of my fixed-price menu and everything was exceptional . i was able to try the scallops and they were also phenomenal . on the other hand , the interior of the place is strange , and not in a good way . if the owner could make the inside a bit more intimate and welcoming , this would be a 5 star restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "superb . the four of us had a great evening -- great service and great food . wednesday night and we walked in with no reservation . no problem ( although it was about 80 % full ) . our server was friendly and personable throughout the evening . hubby had the $ 28 three course prie fixe -- salad , main course and dessert . the rest of us shared the lobster and the scallops first course . the poached lobster and shrimp was great . generous portion for $ 12 . the scallops was stunning . pan fried in bacon and perfectly cooked . our entrees were duck confit , pork belly , flat iron steak and cornish hen . they were all amazing . hard to choose which was best . for dessert we had an excellent creme brulee and the maple and bacon ice cream . ( a bit too salty for my taste . ) a wonderful meal with great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best deals in the city has to be their weekday prix fixe menu . you get a three course meal for 25 bucks . it includes a choice of soup or salad to start , any main and then a choice between usually two different types of dessert . since i live in the 'hood i have been coming here since it opened and have enjoyed every visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after psyching myself up by reading the menu , i found the food to be bland and boring . i had the mahi mahi and started with the arugula salad . service was average but the wine menu was good . i wo n't be going back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "took a friend their for a birthday dinner and ca n't say enough good things about lardon ! beautiful ambiance , great for a date night . out waitress who also served as bartender , was friendly and attentive , made us delicious cocktails . favourite appetizer of the night was the portobello fries ! never tried anything like this and it was delicious ( and addictive ) ! my beef bourguignon was flavourful and tender . got to sample my bf 's huge plate of pork belly which was divine ! highlight of my nite was dessert- smoky bacon ice cream was amazing , and creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e was one of the best i 've ever had . would highly recommend lardon for any occasion !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a delicious and fun dinner for two was enjoyed here . we ordered the prix fixe which included soup or salad , entree and dessert . the duck was very nicely prepared and the beet soup perfect for a chilly night . both went very well with the malbec . the wine selection is limited if you only want a glass , however the choices by the glass are still good . atmosphere is cozy and classy inside . did not feel noise was an issue here . great neighborhood gem .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "th , context : friday night and plan had broke ; so my husband and i decided to walk to roncy to grab a bite instead . lardon , small resto , not totally empty and not totally full that we would be turned away or asked to wait . atmosphere : 3 5 , casual , not pretentious which i like value : food is very good value . we got a free creme brulee with purchase of two mains . drinks were a little over priced.. particular the beer and cocktails . the food : but the pork belly was divine . the shrimp croquettes was something we would not get again ... . but that pork belly was another story- super crisp skin and tender buttery flavourful meat . makes total sense that the pork belly would be yummy..with a name like lardon ... you almost expect it . would i go back ? probably", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yes , yes , yes ! ! ! this is the first decent meal we 've had since we moved from san francisco . i must also add this was take out since our toddler was going to bed . we ordered the fois gras , scallops , butternut soup , and the duck confit . stunning - all of it ! we 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here was amazing ! what better way to get the gastric juices flowing than with a pretty as a picture presentation . we did the prix fix menu and started with the beet borsht , which was creamy , thick , hot and so tasty . a bit different from the chunky borsht but the flavours were beautifully married and the creme fraiche set off the beautiful red colour . our main was the yellow tail tuna , which was perfectly seared only and rare in the middle , but served on top of a wasabi and pea base puree that had just the right amount of heat . this dish was outstanding and worth a trip from anywhere . our dessert was cr\u00e8me brule , it was perfect in taste , consistency and not too large . the only negative was the service was a bit slow , but she was the only server for a 3 4 full restaurant and did her best . the music was not too loud . we walk out of restaurants that play music too loud as conversation then is impossible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! amazing service and scrumptious dishes ! i loved the risotto so much that yes , i would marry it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "creative menu however dishes were slightly under seasoned . bread course : carrot spread had no flavor and didnt pair well with the sundried tomatoes . bread was warm and delicious . appetizer : seared scallops were cooked perfectly . however cauliflower pur\u00e9e and oyster mushrooms were not seasoned at all . main : special of black cod ... .fish was cooked perfectly . was a play on nobu 's miso glazed cod ... but the intensity of the soy glaze took away from the buttery quality of the cod . barley risotto had no flavour due to lack of seasoning . lovely atmosphere and good service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "unlike all the other trendy new spots on roncesvalles , these guys happily took my mid-week reservation for 10 on the same day with no attitude . prix fixe night is a steal at 3 courses for $ 25 ... and get this : you can order any main you like off the regular menu . no cheapie hangar steak in sight ! fun service , decent wine list , excellent execution on a fairly traditional menu . super solid , would definitely recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried this place for lunch today & ordered the chicken shawarma pita combo . i did n't feel like fries so the owner substituted in a salad instead . very accommodating & polite . the colors & freshness of the salads had me salivating . the rich pinky red cabbage & pickled turnips were as delicious as they appeared . next time i 'm getting tabouli salad based on the freshness & taste of the prior mentioned salads . my first bite into my shawarma let me know the food was prepared with pride ! it was so delish , i get mine fully loaded . i am pleased to have another middle eastern restaurant in aurora . the eat in area is casual , adequately holds about 6-7 tables and clean . the value & flavour & freshness of their food is worth your money . i am definitely going back to try the other menu items . i also enjoyed the falafel sample from the owner , wonderful palestinian people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go here for lunch often and it 's always so good ! i get something different every time i go and i am never disappointed . if you like baba ghanoush it 's a must have here . the portions are a really good size for the price , ingredients are always fresh and the staff is always amazing ! they are always super nice and take a tonne of pride in their work . they are doing an amazing job and i would recommend this place to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for lunch with a friend today . i ordered a burger and fries he ordered a chicken shwarma . the burger took over 20 min to get to me . it was not worth the wait . a homemade burger with unfamiliar spices i did not care for . the fries were lackluster . my buddy was not impressed with the shwarma . neither of us will be back again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the best shawarma places i 've ever been ! it is decently priced for the portion you get . it 's surprisingly bigger than the typical shawarma you will get elsewhere . i had to take out half of the food back to work cause it was super filling ! the shawarma is stuffed with a lot of meat and toppings of your choice . service is very responsive . would definitely go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had their chicken shawarma , which was very tasty and big enough for dinner . my husband had a lamb shish kebab that also looked good , even though there were n't too many pieces of lamb in it . i did n't have the opportunity to taste their plates or salads but from what i saw , they all look really delicious , well seasoned and fresh . service is really friendly , atmosphere is nice and there are plenty of options . i 'd definitely return here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for me , cleanliness is very important , and a very good first impression and this operation is on the mark . every time i have been here , the staff is engaging , service it great , and the food very consistent . aurora should be thankful they have such a wonderful small business like this one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a huge shawarma fan and this place did n't disappoint . i did n't get a chance to try everything but the service was wonderful . there are tv 's to watch when you eat in and the place is very clean . i accidentally dropped my bottle and the owner offered to replace to it with a new one . ( i did n't replace it of course , not like the bottle broke and it was my fault for dropping it . ) when i left , they even said thank you and goodbye . service and friendliness is something all businesses should put as priority . even if i did n't like the food , their service gave me a smile . recommended for all shawarma fans like me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visit shawarma land on a regular basis , best shawarma around . you can always expect the same quality and the owner and associates are very passionate about their food , enriching the entire experience . if you 're looking for a shawarma , lunch or dinner this is the place to go , great portion sizes that will leave you full and satisfied every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took the family for lunch and the biggest critics ( my daughters ) gave it 'the best shawerma in the universe ' . the chicken , beef and gyros was very tasty and comes together very well with the sauces , veggies and rice and the portions are decent . price is good and great service . definitely a place i 'll be visiting on a regular basis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the babaganoush was so bad it was inedible . i 'm not even sure there was any eggplant in it . tasted like mayonnaise and nothing ? if it was n't out of my way i would drive back and and dare them to eat their own food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow . very friendly service and great tasting food . i 've only so far tried the chicken shawarma plate to go and it was perfection . the portions are great and the price is right . the hot sauce is actually hot and the food , flavorful . i recently out of the blue started craving mediterranean food and this will be my go to spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unquestionably the absolute best shawarma i have ever had , anywhere . we had the poutine shawarma and chicken shawarma salad . i 've never experienced a taste sensation quite so satisfying . the fries beneath the top layer in most poutines are soggy , these were crispy the whole way through and flavour-flavour-flavour ! the portions are huge ! the staff was friendly , the service was quick and the prices are good . the place was clean and they even had free wifi ! i 'm telling everybody i know about shawarmaland and i will definitely be back again . they do take out and dine in . if you 're looking for a quick bite and have the shawarma craving this place will definitely satisfy you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place.. big portions ... authentic shawarma ... fresh and healthy food ! what else could someone ask for ? ! came here a few times for lunch , staff is very friendly.. food is affordable and very tasty !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food here is delicious and fresh . the staff take pride in what they do , and it shows in the quality of food and service . we love this place , it 's our definite favourite for shawarma", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent shawarma and falafel . huge portions and great flavours . poutine is big enough for two !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've tried a few different places and this is by far the best place to get a shawarma . fresh ingredients and friendly staff . i will definitely go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easily the best shawarma , north of richmond hill . all the meats are tender and juicy and seasoned perfectly . the sauces are particularly outstanding , which is what raises this place above others in my eyes , not to mention the super friendly service that makes you feel welcome every time you go in . check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited for the first time . it is another shawarma store at the end of the day - but what makes it spectacular is the pride that staff take in what they do . it 's refreshing and i miss this kind of care . keep up the awesome job !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing customer service and even better chicken shawarma plate ! huge portions for a great price . took me two days to finish it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came back , ordered the same salad and my chicken was cold . the only thing worse the chicken finished on a flat top is cold chicken . i threw half of it away , very disappointed . this place could be amazing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the best shwarma i have ever had , falafels are to die for as well as kubeh must be tried . two awesome young guys making making awesome food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great prices and great food . everything was very authentic and tasted great plus fresh veggies only complaint is there fries they were a little mushy but eihter then that great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shawarma land is a great place for a shawarma . ingredients are fresh . portion size is good for the $ . come to barrie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a bit out of my way but definitely worth a drive as i am a huge fan of chicken shawarma . you can get a combo for $ 10 , tax in which is a steal . combo comes with chicken beef shawarma sandwich , salad or fries and a pop . considering its a take out place , service was super friendly and efficient . sandwich was huge and stuffed with so many toppings and generous amount of chicken . toppings were fresh and plentiful . will definitely come back for this combo when i 'm craving shawarma . maybe it 's a good thing that it 's out of the way , otherwise i would be here too often", "score": "5"}
{"review": "out of all my reveiws this is the first and still only place i have given a 5 star rating ! ! ! the food is great everything i have tried on the menu have been great . the prices are fair and the guys behind the counter are awesome . no complaints here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "blessed food . blessed service . blessed value . blessed fast food in aurora . do n't go anywhere else if you know what 's good for you . fills you up and you 'll want to come back for more . holla at yo boi tazzy fizzle productshizzzle", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grabbed some takeout last week as we were in the area and this place did not disappoint . we ordered 2 shawarmas and 1 shawarma platter . food was fresh and portions were huge . staff was great and were patient in explaining our options as they knew we were first timers . great food , great service , reasonable prices and huge portions . will be back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always fresh food and friendly service ... .good portions and great prices . best shawarma in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have lived in the area for years and did n't discover this place till a couple of months ago and they have been opened for 3 years now ! since then i 've been visiting it nearly every week . the food is amazing , very flavorful though it is a little pricey but compensated by the large portion . service is super efficient and friendly . i would have given this place a 5 star but took 1 off because they just changed the potatoes from the house made ones to ones that i believe were bought from outside . the house made ones were so much better with a rich potato taste and very well seasoned whereas the new ones are quite tasteless and hard ! i hope this is just temporary and they would change it back to the old ones . still i would come back again but not have the potatoes again until they change them back and would still recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a chicken shawarma wrap there . not great at all . the pita was n't fresh as well . there are much better shawarma places , not in the area though ( mr. laffa , sofra grill , dr. laffa all much better ) . first and last time here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very happy to have found shawarma land . very tasty food , reasonably priced . the staff are very friendly and fast . the restaurant is clean and new . it was busy , so a good sign that the food is good and fresh . i will definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for takeout , very large portions and great service . this is one of my favourite takeout spots and i would highly recommend it to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . i have n't been disappointed . the portions are decent and they have lots of side options . always fresh . i would definitely return . we order the chicken most often and find it well seasoned with good spices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best shawarma place north of lawrence ave in scarborough . authentic flavour great quality and value sized portions make this place a regular on our families rotation of meals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good shawarma - i probably eat shawarma more than i should - it tends to be a go-to meal on the go when i 'm looking for something quick ; and i 'm finding that each place i go has subtly different mixes of spices for the shawarma and vegetables for toppings . shawarma land has a good mix of both , the flavours are n't anything that really stands out ; but they are generous in their servings and have a good flavour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found out about this place on yelp and came here on a weekday after work for takeout . i ordered the chicken dinner ( includes chicken , potatoes , rice , tzatiki , veggie salad ( tomatoes , onions , greens , jalepeno peppers ) and a pita for $ 13 . the staff there work very quick and all the ingredients are very fresh.. the chicken was notably very moist and flavourful . the price point for a chicken dinner is a little higher than most , especially out in aurora , but the portions are huge..definitely was enough to be two meals for me . the store was very busy with seemingly regular customers coming in for takeout .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best shawarma around ! 1 . totally worth your money . 2 . the owner gives pride on his work . 3 . full filling ( costco size ) 4 . combos are great ( any choice in meat ) frie salad and a pop . everything about this place is amazing . totally recommend it to all my friends and family and no one is ever disappointed . best shawarma i have ever had in the gta", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still the best shawarmas around . the value and quality of the food here is excellent . the shawarma wrap is huge and full of fresh toppings . you can get chicken or beef , but they make a mixed for me because i can never make up my mind . the guys are expert at getting the food ready fast and efficiently , without sacrificing quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot for a hearty meal . staff are friendly and professional and food tastes great not to mention huge portions . open late and fast fresh food ! best shawarma in york region !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ... i thought pita land was good until i tried this . the portions are ginormous and its amazing and delicious . it is 100x better than pita land , would get this all the time if it was n't so far .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what made this place were the two young men working there on sunday january 4th , 2015 . courteous , knowledgable , evidently invested in what they are doing ... ..and it comes through in the food ! the addition of a bean salad would be a suggestion , not a criticism in any way . not a question of will i eat there again , it 's when will i eat there again ... .well done guys .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoy a good shwarma , and i certainly ca n't seem to get enough of this place ! the quantity and quality are excellent for a fair price . been there 5 times this month . chicken , beef dinner plates or wraps are my favourite . definitely recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh ingredients , friendly fast service . every time i 've been here they do not disappoint . i tried the chicken shawarma salad today and it was delish ! coleslaw was amazing . this is my new go to place in aurora .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . well deserved reviews . stopped by here for lunch . gentleman who served me was very friendly , took a lot a pride in his work , probably the owner . had the shawarma sandwich combo and it was delicious and huge . could n't finish the fries . i will definitely be back when i 'm in aurora . give them a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing place , great customer service ! chicken shawarma was delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent price for the size and delicious ! quick service and very friendly guys serving ! great menu too ! they keep it simple", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best shawarma ever ! ! ! we drive from newmarket as its so good . their baba and humous are homemade and delicious and beef and chicken shawarma to die for . staff are friendly and real mom and pop shop family run business ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got to give it a 5 because when you have the best shawerma in the city or even the neighboring city you deserve it . this place is not for people with supermodel appetites as a sandwich weighs more than your arm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and good food . variety is good and the staff take a lot of pride in their product . always fresh food and good people working . food is good for the type of restaurant and they are more than happy to accommodate specific needs at no additional cost within reason . very child friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tabouli was light , fresh and very enjoyable . loved the buba ghanoush - wonderful smokey flavour . hummus was also well done . happy to have found this spot . shwarma is good . not great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 've ever had a falafel in the annex in toronto , you know what a good falafel is and what it 's supposed to be . the falafel here was a tasteless mess . truly awful . all the 5 star reviews are obviously from people who never go into the city . on another note : the restaurant was not clean when i was in there . i saw a lot of flies and food crumbs all over the dining area floor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was excited to try this restaurant but once i finally did i was n't very impressed . i got the the shawarma dinner with salad and some stuffed grape leaves . first of all the shawarma was just ok because they put way too much cinnamon in there spice mix and thats all i tasted . second , the so called `` salad '' was just chopped cucumber , tomatoes and a little lettuce with absolutely no salt and no dressing . the grape leaves were excellent though . i would definately recommend trying them !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love coming here for falafels . i drop by just to buy straight up falafels or their pita breads . as a vegan they satisfy my cravings ! lots of yummy choices and they really load on the toppings . the price is better than most shawarma places . seems like they get a lot of regulars too . awesome , friendly place . one of my favourite shawarma spots .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a m a z i n g. found out about this place after the shawarma place just south closed down and i was looking for another one nearby . went on yelp , saw this was just down the street and decided to pop in . the guys are very friendly ! the food is delicious , fresh every time . i 'm usually a fan of the sandwhiches but here i prefer the platter . it can easily feed two people , i can never finish a meal in one sitting . i will try the shawarma poutine one day . 10 10 i tell everyone who lives around the area to try here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy sandwiches and you . got ta try the falafel sandwich . good to have this in aurora , get your shawerma uptown and very friendly staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had chicken shawarma wraps . good size , really flavorful , and the staff were very friendly . awesome place , and i will come back again to try their beef shawarma !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent , fresh food in large portions , and the staff are really nice , as well as being efficient and accommodating . we go often , as it 's a great value for very tasty food - i always get the chicken shawarma dinner with rice and salad , so gets the beef shawarma wrap . they have a great variety of fresh toppings and sauces . we almost always eat-in , which is a fairly small , clean dining area , but much of the traffic seems to be take-out , so it 's never been an issue . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is a reason this place has 5 star rating . fresh food abs by far the largest shawarma plate i 've seen i 'll be back for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg , my doors look beautiful . ryan and ed did a fantastic job . they arrived at the scheduled time , laid out the tarp and began working immediately . removing old glass inserts , painting the doors front and back . ( the other company we contacted would not paint . ) this for us was an added plus as seniors we did not want to have to paint . you would think we purchased new doors . what a difference it makes in our entry way . the doors allow much more light into our home and give us the privacy we wanted . we highly recommend , elegant entrys arizona .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had the world 's ugliest front door and it was an odd size . they fitted our front door with the most beautiful glass ! it is honestly the best feature in our house . the price was right , the timeliness and service stupendous . it only takes a couple of hours from start to finish . do n't hesitate to call these folks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an old faded metal six panel door converted to a custom designed glass insert . the company was very thorough and proffessional throughout the entire process . the picture ca n't depict how the colors refracted onto the floor or viewed . fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our front door was beautiful but so , so dark . i 'd gotten two quotes to have the door removed & an iron & glass door installed but the bids came in at over $ 6000 ! luckily i found an ad for elegant entrys & took the gamble . it was scary to think about cutting into our beautiful dour but the end result is nothing short of amazing ! i could n't be happier with their work & i think the wood trim & door with the iron & glass insert looks even better than an iron only door does . it took about a week to get the design perfected , two months to get the insert in stock & about six hours to have it installed . pics of my door are posted above .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were n't busy around 6pm on a friday night . which is great , considering that 's prime time . it 's been one day since i got a full set removed and shellac done to my real nails . so , i ca n't speak in terms of long-lasting wear . but i am hopeful . if the polish lasts , i 'll definitely be back ( and i 'll edit add a star to my rating ) . the convenience of their location was the biggest reason why i visited . i typically get my nails done in berea , since i work there . however , i live closer to this salon and i see that as a definite advantage . price is reasonable and comparable to other nail salons . you pay $ 5 to get a full set removed if you 're getting another service done . $ 10 for removal without additional service . shellac was $ 25 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm pretty disappointed . i went for my first pedicure post-baby and post-winter . the salon was nice enough , and the woman who did my toes was perfectly pleasant . but , i had the pedicure yesterday , have been wearing nothing but flip flops ever since , have n't been to the gym , and i already have huge chips and wrinkles in my polish . $ 35 down the drain , i could have done this myself .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i received the quickest and sloppiest manicure of my life . she also put lotion on my engagement ring ! that was during the quick and sloppy `` hand and arm massage '' that i should 've passed on . also , prices are n't posted on the wall which i just do n't trust . i will never go here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "reasonably priced pedicure with friendly service . quick walk-in service , my friend and i were easily able to get our toes done . their chairs are new , clean , and offer a nice little massage while you 're getting your toes done !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in on a tuesday around 10:30 , which was a great time because i went in and immediately got taken care of ! i had a full set done in an almond shape by linda . she was wonderful and held a nice conversation with me ! she also did beautiful work , this is the second time i 've been to this salon and i loved it even more the second time around ! i will definitely be going back ! great service , great price , great customer care ! ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pedicures that i 've gotten here have always been amazing . the chairs are comfy , there 's a good selection of magazines and a tv to keep you entertained , and the tecs i 've gotten do a great job . their acrylic nail situation is a different story . i 've gotten a full set put on here 2x and both times they were crooked , uneven , and fell off in a few days ! both times the tec blamed me ! said i must have oily nailbeds . i 've had acrylics many times in the past 15 years , but only have they ever fallen off completely when i got them here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have been looking for a good nail place and have been disappointed until coming here . diem took care of me . had a gel manicure and pedicure , both are perfect . make an appointment with diem ... she 's terrific !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "generally good technicians . open long hours ( until 7 during the week , 5 or so on sundays ) and usually crowded on weekends . high staff turnover . overall a cut above average . bonus : right by froyo , panera , & other restaurants , so if you are running late you can also pick up dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dropped in and they took me right away . the pedicure was excellent and very reasonably priced . this will be my go-to for future pedicures .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm pretty disappointed . i received a sloppy pedicure ( the tech did n't even give me a massage ) and a shellac manicure that was equally as sloppy . the tech did a lousy job painting on both my toes and fingernails , the polish looks bubbly and too thick . i would also like to know how my total was $ 75 for a basic pedicure and shellac manicure ? i was overcharged ; though i should have said something at the time of service , i just wanted to get out of there ! the square one location in solon is 100x better and worth the drive . i will not be coming back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty good nail salon depending on who you get . it is a bit more expensive than other salons but i like it . i usually get the shellac . this place does have a crowd so be prepared to wait .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if zero stars were an options this place would be a sure thing . horrendous manicure and i asked for a mani pedi and was told $ 50 without the mention of actually that 's the super premium we do n't care that you want basic . she tore off my cuticles until there was blood . cut my nails which i detest and asked to not have done and left them uneven and so short it looks like i had them for lunch . this place is absolutely heinous ! ! ! do not come here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i decided to treat myself . i was taken care of right away and the gentleman that did my pedicure was polite and very good at his job . also , i had my eyebrows done . the lady that did the was fast and polite . now , when it came to getting my nails done ? the lady that did them was n't very friendly . she was bossy and seemed to be in a bad mood . she rushed because she had an appointment coming in . because if that , my nails look bad . i paid a lot of money for the services i received and i 'm not happy with the end results of my nails . attitude is everything . when you have an attitude with your customers , you lose business . i wo n't be returning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this store is full of employees who are unhelpful and full of themselves . i just came back from there and heard one of their `` technicians '' berate a customer with `` i 've had my own computer business for 14 years , i 've worked for ontario hydro , i 've worked for $ 80 an hour . '' really ? then why are you working at canada computers ? what happened to your own business ? the customer brought in an all-in-one pc for repairs . the `` tech '' could n't even figure out how to open it up . this is a guy that owned his own computer business for 14 years . hmm , no wonder it failed !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a mobo checked by their `` technician '' who clearly did not know what he was doing . the funniest part was he was very confused how to take some of the wires off the mobo and i had to explain to him how to take the cpu power plug in off and then he thought that the ram was an actual part of the mobo and i had to show him to take it off . i over heard a customer , who had been wandering around the store for 5 mins trying to find help , ask an associate if they worked there and the sales rep , with as much attitude as he could , sharply said `` do i look like i 'm in a uniform to you ? '' rude , and untrained staff who do n't know the basic components of a computer ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "today i went in to build a computer : i met a wonderful sales rep named jamie whom assisted me in not only picking every single component in the computer : but he also took the time to go online and compare products with other products they sold to make sure i was getting the most value from my purchase . this is a seriously above and beyond customer service moment . i am so pleased with the service from everyone at this location i just have to say thanks some how . pictures of the new build will follow next week ! thanks again guys ! you rock my socks ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i come here anytime i need something computer related . the price is fair and they have a lot of stuff you wo n't find at future shop . the staff are helpful even though my questions might sound stupid to them . i do n't know much about computers so it 's nice to go in and get what i want and learn something from them . they have a really good cable selection and price is cheap compared to the big box stores .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cc always allow me the space to look for what i need without the pressure of someone trying to sell me something . though sometimes when i have gone and asked for a specific technical question and i received not so accurate info but overall , i am pleased with the help .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a great place to learn at a discount before going to college . it 's always good to check ahead of time , but most if not all of the credits transfer to proper colleges . also a great place to run summer tech camps", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lake county ohio is lucky to have such an institution in its midst . the tuition is very affordable to be able to obtain anywhere from a 2-4 year degree with the addition of its affiliate programs from local colleges and universities . the college also offers multiple community education courses of individual interest or professional development that you can enroll in for a fee or a lot of times free of charge . the campus is vast and beautiful . there are several event spaces for rent as well . any staff i have dealt with anywhere from college enrollment , drivers education to free professional development courses have been courteous , helpful and excited to help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this school . so many people and everyone is nice . the clubs are also great to get into to keep school life interesting", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have lunch plans and are thinking of picking up something fast , fresh and delicious out of their 'easy to go ' deli case , do yourself a favor and go back out to the parking lot , pick up a hand full of dirt and weeds , and eat it instead . you 'll throw up either way , but at least you did n't pay 5.99 for it . the southwest quinoa and chicken salad was so old it was partially fermented . my bad for eating the shit . i thought it was some kind of unique 'southwestern ' dressing . i do n't even want my money back . i just want to tell anyone with two eyes , half a brain and can read english how messed up fresh & easy is .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh i am so sorry to hear the news of fresh and easy . i hope that they do not close down . i have to feel for all the people that work here . jobs are not easy to find right now . it is a good place , and so close by . quick and easy to get in and get out . every one should do a quick shepping trip here , maybe to try to save them . think of all the peeps that work there . plus , it is a good place , nice to shop at . easy parking right on the corner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ahhh good ol fresh & easy , the single persons grocery store . when i forget to bring my lunch to work i 'll come in here for a ready made salad or sandwich . the food is good but after i buy a salad , a drink , and some yogurt , i 've spent as much as i would to eat at a restaurant . this store is very clean and has a steady flow of people all of the time , i think this one will stay open .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "out of the thousands of items they sell here , i saw maybe 4 items that were n't wrapped in plastic . everything there looks manhandled by a giant cooperate packaging monster who wants to suffocate all things natural out of your food . there were some free samples . they were chicken wings , from a package , left out not under a heat lamp or anything . i watched an old man grab one , take one bite and throw the wing out . the staff were not clean or helpful . i wandered around , not one smile or hello , and left . good marketing . bad product . bad for the environment and local economy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is typically the fresh & easy i shop at . it 's easy navigating your way around the store , and the clearance section ca n't be beat . you can get really great deals on prepackaged refrigerated food . i like buying garlic here too since it 's grown in the u.s.a .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i reviewed another f & e with one star . this location deserves at least 4 . good selection ( aside from the red meat , which is hit-or-miss ) and some really tasty ready-made foods make this my go to store . it also does n't hurt that the bag boy is sexy as hell . you know the one i 'm talking about .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am more interested in knowing how do you like wild oats brand 's organic milk , compare to other brand like horizon or organic valley ? wild oats organic milk only comes in half gallon size so i have to get two at once and save myself a trip . other than the small size it provides , i am really not sure if this a good brand , or say ... reliable brand . their milk tastes good i will say . but based on overall quality in fresh and easy ( really so so and too many processed foods as other reviews mentioned , plus i found vitamins already expired ) , it 's hard for me to believe it 's a really reliable brand . i 'm hesitating if i should go back . any comments ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "infestation ! ! ! ! i was wondering why my pantry was suddenly full of indian meal moths and i found the answer in a brand new box of wheaties in which i was surprised to find a pupa in the process of spinning its cacoon ! i buy my cereal from fresh and easy every week because of the prices but boy they are not worth throwing away everything in my pantry and scrubbing it with bleach to try to kill the eggs before they hatch ! i am totally disgusted .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't really understand what all the hype is over this place . when i walked in there everything looked prepackaged by some mass industry . most of the stuff there is overpriced compared to places like sprouts and even trader joe 's . occasionally there are some decent values there but not worth the trip . this place is literally on the corner where i live but i do n't shop there . i also feel like they are lacking a certian level of variety that i desire in a store .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've heard great things about this place and finally decided to check it out . i have one word to say : i dont get it ! ... ok , ok ... i ca n't count , thats four words . yah , there is some nice stuff thats easy but not sure about fresh . the only thing i will consider going here for is good meats , but whole foods ( and is a block closer ) or aj 's is much better for that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this fresh & easy . moving from florida , i was dreading not having publix for my groceries anymore , but fresh & easy is a fantastic alternative . granted , their variety of fresh produce is n't the best , but it gets the job done . i 'm most impressed with their cleanliness and prices . i 'm always surprised at how cheap my total is at the counter as i 'm checking out . also , unlike some much lazier reviews below mine , i love that the checkout is done by the shopper , much like it is in europe . however , i 've had to bag and have had someone bag for me equally ; it just depends on how staffed and or busy they are at the time . the staff has always been very friendly , helpful , and interactive . a clean shop and respectful employees ... that shows true customer service , not the level of laziness they cater to . either way , i highly recommend this fresh & easy , particularly if they have coupons or specials running that coincide with your shopping list .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overpriced and mostly processed food . whole foods is almost lower across the board in prices than this chain . nothing is made in-house and everything comes from a central warehouse hours away . today , they were out of the four pack of bagels in all flavors except pumpkin pie . not sure who wants to eat pre-packaged stuff that is not fresh , but i have n't seen any of the promised changes that was coming after this chain was purchased and saved . it would have been no big loss . also annoying is that this location is out of `` friends '' cards ''", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so the bus broke down on baseline and kyrene , and i was hungry so i decided to check this place out ... . they have a loyalty card ( or friends card i think it is called ) and they are like really healthy for the most part . everything there seemed fresh and looked great . i ended up getting one of their $ 6 lunches which you can choose from a salad , sushi , or a sandwich , then pick a side of chips or fruit , and a drink . i had spicy california roll , some chips , and a green tea . the cali roll was surprising good for store bought sushi . i will probably be back if i get hungry and am in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this grocery store . small portions perfect for my family . i love their `` clearance '' items which dictate my meals some nights . they are like the convenience stores of grocery stops and i could n't be happier . i also have their friends card and feel like i get coupons in the mail on a weekly basis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased a rosemary focaccia dough from this store . following the instructions on the focaccia , including poking holes and allowing dough to rest before baking and after baking , i baked the dough at the appropriate temperature for the recommended time only to find the bread was hardly near ready . the wrapper suggested 15 minutes at 400 degrees ... but at 20 minutes , i pulled the bread out . not done ... and hardly salvageable since i cooled the bread for 20 minutes after . get the instructions right for those of us who trust the instructions , fresh and easy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like the idea , selections , convenience of this 24 hour place but unfortunately i get low to mid grade food poisoning when i buy refrigerated food here all too often . ca n't recommend this place for that one reason . management needs to look into this . this is a serious problem and has been happening since i started shopping there 3 months ago . i would like to return once this is resolved .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm really surprised this place is n't out of business yet . its never busy and i always come in with a coupon and buy a lot of `` manager special items '' overall the item selection , quality , and price are ok. my favorite part is that there is never a line and since the store is small everything is easy to find . i probably would n't come here if i did n't have a coupon . the price and quality is a tad bit lower than trader joe . i wish they had an aldi in arizona instead of this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a huge fan of fresh and easy because the food there is good , inexpensive , and they have great deals on several items . it has the look of yet another hippie market , but in fact it has normal food , does not smell of patchouli oil , and sells products you 've heard of before , not just knockoffs emblazoned with the word `` organic . '' those products are there too , but at least one is given the choice . trader joe 's this is not - though the smaller size is roughly the same , it has better selection and will cost a lot less to find food for dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so sad this place is going out of business ! i 've been a loyal customer to this location for the past 4 years . so sad : (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i moved back to arizona i specifically picked a place to live that was within 5 miles of f & e so i could get coupons in the mail . i love fresh and easy . the food is pretty good quality and is very inexpensive , which is great for a college student : ) i also used to work 2nd shift and their prepare meals were a much yummier alternative for dinner than having a sandwich or gross frozen meal . i will say though that i am a very picky person and typically enjoy eating the same meals every day for months ( for example , i have had f & e greek yogurt , raspberries , and f & e granola almost every day for lunch for about 3 months ) . if you prefer a wider variety of food items f & e may not be your place ; however , there is a sign out front right now that states they are working on getting over 200 new items : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the customer service here is awful . they 're advertising jennie-o frozen turkeys for $ 0.39 lb while supplies last . i figured that they 'd be flying off their shelves , so i called before leaving to the store and asked specifically if they had those turkeys in stock . they said they did , so i headed to the store , which was about 5 minutes away . when i got there they were totally out of turkeys . the staff was unwilling to do anything except offer me a turkey at 3 times the price , so i made a special trip for nothing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly staff , clean store and a great variety ! i love their salads ! everything is always fresh and in a lot of cases pre prepped .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this location ! i agree with reviewer chris v. that the parking lot access is weird . but , the one on indian school and 7th ave also has weird access so maybe it 's something with all f & e parking lots . this f & e is on my way to and from the gym . i wish there was one in north tempe . the people who work here are really nice and always help you bag your groceries .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "places i don '' t shop : 1 . places that make me check out my own groceries ( like fresh and easy ) 2 . places that make me pay to shop there ( costco , sam 's club ) 3 . places that make me bag my own groceries ( fresh and easy and winco ) give me a break . whatever happened to customer service ? ? ? i shopped this fresh and easy store once . when i found out that i had to check out my own groceries and bag them myself it became clear that they did not want my business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love fresh and easy and i love this store . the selection really is n't that bad for a smaller market . i can get pretty much everything i need unless i 'm shopping for a random hard to find item or something that is non food related like a swiffer mop ( though the refill pads are there ) . i love how clean the place is and the packaging and presentation of their items is well done . you can find a lot of items that foodies crave in decent sized portions to either make for yourself or prepackaged items that are also pretty delicious . the prices are decent and the staff is amazingly friendly . i love my weekly trip to fresh and easy for some goodies to last me the week . especially the part where i buy myself a $ 4 exquisite bouquet of flowers to bring home for my dining room table . who said a man needs to do that ? though if they wanted to , this is a great place to go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love fresh and easy . this store is a little different from most . they installed faux wood floors , and put doors an all freezers and refrigerators . f & e has excellent pricing , and quality . i just wish there were more of them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! i love going to new grocery stores and just wandering and checking out the things they have , and this place has really good stuff . not your normal grocery store and thats what makes it so unique . really good deals as well . lots of cool prepackaged meals , snacks , sides , apps.etc . all kinds of interesting desserts as well . their prepackaged meals including pastas , salads could be packed as good lunches as well for work ! make sure you check out the clearance section on each aisle..you 're bound to score some good deals . i have enjoyed everything i have bought already and will def be going back to try new things . i highly recommend checking out this place and see whatcha think . think of it like a trader joe's.. not exactly the same but the same in the way they are not your typical grocery store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love fresh & easy . i could really just stop right there . but i wo n't . i 've loved living across the street from f & e for the past 2 1 2 years , and when i move ( soon ) , i 'm going to really miss that proximity . their prices are insanely good , and they always have a sale section with items of all sorts ( produce , bread , prepared meals , etc ) for 50-75 % off . this is in addition to their 98-cent produce packs , which generally rock my world . also , their prepared meals ( what i 've had of them ) and pop-in-the-oven-for-10-minutes gourmet-ish breads -- -all amazing . add to that the fact that they have 99-cent 0-calorie vitamin water and 99-cent tropical trail mix , as well as really great prices ( and sales ) on beer ( with a fairly good variety -- always a few interesting , offbeat brews for cheap ) , and you have a fantastic little market .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this store . great prices , fresh food , and lots of options . they have great meals that are ready to cook . if you 're looking for dinner or just for ideas , come here ! more affordable than sprouts and whole foods . the staff is friendly and helpful . i love coming here a few times a week . also , they are open 24 hours ! definitely check them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hate food shopping . okay that is probably an understatement . when i go to a big market i am so overwhelmed and usually end up with a million things i do n't need , while forgetting the things i do need . fresh & easy is small , but it has most things i need . i like that they have meats and chicken that already have seasoning on it and are ready to cook . this makes shopping extremely easy . i also really like their brand of food , especially the pasta . i think it 's some of the best tasting store bought pasta i have had . do n't go here if you need to buy kitchen supplies like cake pans or cookie sheets . they simply have food , drinks , wine and beer here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the perfect little grocery store for when you do n't know what to cook or eat . they have many prepared meals ready to pop into the oven or microwave . the best part of the store is the bakery section , some of the best red velvet cake i have ever eaten . really any of their sweets are way better than some of those cupcake stores around the valley that are really subpar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had our first experience with this chain and were pleasantly surprised . the fruit was fresh and the buying was easy . imagine that ? you know a business is on the right track when it lives up to it 's name . i hope they can expand . i would love to see the return of the neighborhood market to more areas in az and around the country .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm sure i could save money going somewhere else but it is so convenient , clean , and the service is great . chris , who works there on the weekends is super friendly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly staff ! ! ! they take their time to explain the situarion . the prices for the auto service are a little high but i belive it 's worth it . they seem to know what they are doing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love canadian tire just for their sales ! always worth it when you keep an eye out on their specials and you get crazy expensive stuff at 65 % off ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a really large and clean canadian tire . make sure to look for the ipads that allow you to search what isles things are in if you ca n't find it . the staff were friendly and helpful . lots of parking and easy to get to", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a gigantor canadian tire with helpful staff who are patient and giggly with your wisecracking , receipt-inspecting mum . wide aisles excellent for pushing carts piled high with bookshelves and paint cans , and for contemplating future home projects at your own speed . the lights went on and off randomly when we were there recently , and not near closing time , but aside from that , plenty fine . lots of parking , close to marche central .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this canadian tire has pretty much anything you could ask for . i honestly do n't remember not seeing something in the flyer and them not having it on the shelves . i 've dealt with their auto-shop once and it 's a bit scary since they charge to diagnose per hour , so you do n't know how much it 's gon na cost for a battery problem . despite the long lineups at the cash , i 've had good service when returning items here that were broken or defective . overall , a very good store to have around here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my car decided not to start at one point yesterday so i took it to autozone today to get the battery checked out . i did n't have to wait , he came right out and tested it , told me i had a bad battery , and got me all set up with a new one . even installed it and got rid of the old one . when he was installing it i asked it he could check my alternator . he did , said it was really good so it was definitely my battery . unfortunately it was an unexpected expense that i did n't really need right now , but lucky that it was painless and quick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yay for not getting ripped off . so my car just decided not to start one morning ... after i got a jump i drove it straight to auto zone to get a new battery . the man working check my battery first and let me know i should probably hold off on buying sd my battery was reading good , volts good etc ( do n't really understand all the car gibberish , but it sounded good ) so i saved myself money and the guys said sometimes things happen..light left on to drain the battery etc ... i always appreciate honesty ! he could have not checked at all and made me fork out money for something i really did n't need ... thanks autozone man !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks to the guy who helped me diagnose and fix my car plug fuse ! they were so helpful to come out and install it for me and teach me how to know if it shorts in the future ... and it was an under $ 5 purchase ! great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i normally head here for the trader joes . its my fav location . while in the area , i 've also tried the hello bistro , ihop & home goods . the shopping plaza is n't complete yet so im sure it 'll be better in the future . they moved the old navy out here from ross park mall which made me sad at first but again hopefully the final product will make it ok lol", "score": "3"}
{"review": "line is outside the checkout lane and 2 cashiers only ? ? ? avoid unless you have an hour to wait in line", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best wings i ever had small little joint hidden by the airport sky harbor good place to fill up on some wings", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had one of the best meals of my life here : the $ 10 saturday special with two large , perfectly cooked catfish fillets , two whole chicken wings , addictive yams , and savory cabbage . i 'll probably never know if the other food is that good , 'cuz i just want to repeat that meal , often as i can get there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this food is so good . mac and cheese is the best i 've had in a long time and chicken perfectly cooked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had rib tips bbq chicken , mac and cheese , potato salad , cornbread , sweet potato pie , best soul food in phx . friendly staff . made fresh so bring your appetite a day stay awhile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no southern hospitality here ! ! ! ! prices up quality of food down . customer service there lack of .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the bomb ! ! ! ! ! i had the fish dinner with mac and cheese and seasoned fries with big cup of kool-aid . everything was awesome . my had the smothered chicken , mashed potatoes and gravy and green beans . the bomb ! ! ! ! ! my daughter had the spare ribs mac and cheese and cabbage and we all had cornbread ! ! ! ! ! the bomb ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have tried a few items from there , rib tips , fish , chicken , brisket its all good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as the old saying goes , they just do n't build them like they used to . the stages of commerce court are definite proof that that saying is all too true . the original building ( north tower ) is beautiful with its old world stone work and chandeliers . built in 1931 it has definite charm and looks classic in comparison to the newer south , east & west towers built in 1972 . the rest of the complex is n't the worst thing to look at , but does lack the appeal of the original . incipiently built as the headquarters of the canadian imperial bank of commerce , it was sold in 2000 , but they maintain their headquarters as the main tenant of the complex . the food court has a great set up to sit and people watch as bar style stools surround the tables of the court . also a nice part of the path .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my summer jam ! i tend to eat lunch in the commerce court courtyard . it is a wide open space with a water fountain in the centre , anchoring it , and elephant sculptures , to the side , going to water . many of the patrick bateman wan na be 's and the ladies they court , come here for a breathe of fresh air . nice break from the rat race .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "foody world just had their grand opening today , november 8 , 2016 . for its first day , the store is clean , really organized , huge selection of japanese , korean , and filipino foods . fresh produce , large meat and seafood counters . they have fresh tim hortons coffee to enjoy while you shop or before you leave . i wanted to check their filipino foods section , and was amazed at how cheap some of the filipino snacks i always get . polvoron is $ 1.99 when hong tai or farm fresh have them for $ 2.29 . their stik-o is also cheap at 2 for $ 5 . they have really good deals ! their bakery section , however is a bit on the small side , they do not sell large cakes . i spent over $ 40 and was given a free calendar , which is nice . though they have a vast selection , i believe that foody mart at warden and bamburgh circle might still be bigger than foody world . please check this place out since they just opened !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came today which is the second day it 's been opened . it 's clean and has all the asian groceries you 'd expect at a grocery store . the produce there seems fresher than the other foody 's but it could be because it 's new . the bakery section is quite small and same for the fast food section ( sushi boxes etc ) . despite how big the place looks from the outside , the grocery store is quite small inside . the foody at bamburgh circle is much bigger i believe . prices are the same as the other foody and same end of day discounts on sushi boxes . this location actually closes at 10pm everyday , not 9pm as listed here . overall , not a bad place to shop . prices are great , location is great and best of all , plenty of cashiers and shorter lines ( for now ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "big store . fairly clean . selection is pretty good . if i recall correctly , their dried mangoes ( in the bulk section ) are $ 4.99 lb , and are quite tasty . meat section is slightly sketchy , like most other chinese grocery stores . frozen hot pot meat was fairly cheap and was n't quite as sketch as their fresh stuff . ready made food is not really a thing here , unless you 're thinking bakery or iffy looking sushi at the back . they also have a small bubble tea stand in the back . kinda strange location for it though . as part of their opening promotions , there was a prize wheel to play if you bought something . funny thing about it was the randomness of the prizes . one of the prizes was not one , but two phone cases . i spun and got , for one spin , two sets of fake disney children 's cutlery . decent quality though . i would n't mind dropping by if i was in the area , but i would n't make the trek out here for groceries .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "un petit bistro sympa situ\u00e9 sur beaubien , pr\u00e8s du croisement avec de lorimier , un quartier sympa . une carte agr\u00e9able avec des prix abordables et les burgers sont tout simplement d\u00e9licieux . je vous le conseille .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pour le moment , le meilleur restaurant de burger que j'ai visit\u00e9 sur montr\u00e9al ! chaleureux et accueillant , l'ambiance est parfaite ! les burgers sont d\u00e9licieux et tout est soign\u00e9 . des condiments jusqu'au pain . les frites sont succulentes et m\u00eame le choix des mayonnaises faites maison , est appr\u00e9ciable . je me suis r\u00e9galer de l'ap\u00e9ritif au caf\u00e9 , qui aussi passage , \u00e9tait un vrai expresso italien . merci pour cette d\u00e9couverte et je reviendrais aussi souvent que je le pourrais !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vraiment d'excellent burgers ! ! ! les calmars sont succulent , les tartares sont bien relev\u00e9 ! ! les frites sont croustillantes et la mayonnaise est vraiment bonne ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food . my fianc\u00e9 and i flew in today and we 're staying near by and had to stop by . we got a chicken sandwich and one of the burgers and it was to die for . their poutine was incredible and the drinks were amazing . our waiter was understanding of our broken french and was happy to explain anything we did n't understand . one of the best burgers i 've ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what more can you say about a subway than that they are fast and accommodating . not really wanting to order out at work i stopped here to grab a quick sub and be on my way . this location is rather new and spotless on the inside . staff were attentive and able to make me what i wanted in a fast fashion . when i went to check out i was n't pressured to buy anything else that i did n't want and i was out the door . the only thing that might improve this location is if they added a drive thru .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food but the service is n't very well . it depends which location you go to . good locations in murrysville and you probably wo n't wait very long if you go in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "new location , very clean , fast friendly service ! perfect for a quick grab and go lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've given this place many chances but the in the end they just come up short . food is basic , and with exception of the honeymoon seafood pasta , overpriced and nothing special . i get the feeling everything is from a standard recipe that kids put together . note that if you want takeout , for some inexplicable reason they will not let you order a small caesar salad , just a large..lol . in additon , you can not order the honeymoon pasta as a takeout dish , just eat.-in . location is great and possibly due to the lack of italian restaurants in the area this place is very busy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really like the food here . it 's fresh and tasty and they have a lot of options . wish they had a few more fish options , but i can deal with the seafood pasta . i have been a few times and the service is always really great , attentive and quick . it 's a bussling place , and that never has seemed to get in the way of getting the food to the table . the warm olives , calamari and bruscetta are all really yummy . i 've tried a number of the pastas , and they 're all very good . i will be back when another birthday comes up in the area . it 's the resto of choice for us for good priced italian food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is ridiculously hard to find for people not in this area . the reason i 'm mentioning this is that gps wo n't take you to the correct location and the hostesses that answer the phone are clueless to where they are ( psst - management get it together and tell your staff what you 're east and west of , just saying ) . the doors are ridiculously hard to open and considering this is oakville should n't this be easier for older people ? yes they have buttons but for everyone that does n't expect to open the doors with that be prepared to nearly blow a gasket trying to open one . we got takeout for the drive in , and the guy working the counter was courteous : giving us extra cutlery and a box . we waited only about 13 min for this amazing pizza - they got that part down ... now just work on the location and getting in and we 're all set !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service is fantastic , very friendly wait staff . the prices are reasonable . the atmosphere is elegant and casual , and very modern looking . you ca n't go wrong with this place . overall experience 8 10 . i 've been here a few times with family . i would highly recommend this place for couples , family get togethers , or a group of friends . derek", "score": "4"}
{"review": "took a few guests there from montreal and everyone was very impressed . the food was excellent , the service was great and the atmosphere is really nice . looks and feels like a nice franchise like jack astor 's , boston pizza , east side mario 's etc and that 's not a bad thing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i often get the salmon dish here- nice size and great potatoes and grilled veggies . pizzas and stromboli 's are also pretty good- i find good crust and quality ingredients . a bit pricey but a great alternative to the typical franchises in the area , like east side marios etc.. the only pizza place in the area i think is better is peppino 's . but olive press is better in terms of overall italian style dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great italian restaurant in oakville . it 's got lots of open space and yet a very warm atmosphere . good service . i think the pastas are homemade in-house . you can taste the freshness . the ingredients are simple and flavourful . i do n't really suggest the popular pasta dishes like spaghetti and meatballs or lasagna . favourites are the mushroom ravioli and pappardelle carbonara . i enjoyed a belleni too . they do n't take reservations for small groups , but if you get there early enough , it 's not a problem . the restaurant can get very busy , even weeknights .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went to the olive press for a late mid-week lunch , and had a very positive experience . they have some excellent lunch specials , along with drinks specials . my partner had the spaghetti meatball with caesar salad . he felt the sauce was just ok , but really enjoyed the meatball . the caesar salad was fine . i had the meat market pizza , which was great . the lunch size portion is perfect . i also had the basil italian wedding soup , which really was n't anything to write home about but was n't terrible , either . overall , the bill came to just $ 40 including tax for two lunches and two beers and two espressos . the service was friendly and attentive , ambience pleasant , and unlike other reviewers , we did not encounter any screaming children . it probably helped that we chose to dine at what is traditionally considered to be nap time . we will definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't go wrong with the honeymoon spaghetti although it seems that there were less noodles than last time . they always provide crayons for the kids so we can draw on the paper tablecloths . lasagna portion was huge . i love how the bathroom is always clean . we 've been regulars for years .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy yummy yummy ... the food is fenominal ! a nice variey of italian food ; freshly made and full of flavour . an absolute must is the pasta fritti appatizer . it is the italian version of nachos . i really do not think i can describe the awesomness that my tastebuds felt with words ; a visual would help , but trying it is really the only way you will understand . an abundance of veggies , italian sausage ( if you wish ) , delicious marinara sauce , alfredo sauce , and mozzarella . i recommend you share with this with at least one other person , otherwise you will not be able to try anything else and , trust me , you want to try other things .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! very good quality food ! reasonably priced . fast on takeout orders too . i 've had every salad on their menu and i 've never gotten a bad piece of lettuce . that may sound strange but for those who eat salads out daily as i do it 's common to find gross , wilted occasionally dark slimy pieces of lettuce in your salad . not at the olive press . they really actually care about the quality of the food that they serve .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "prices are very reasonable , food is fresh and flavourful.. portions are large.. i enjoyed the lasagna very much and my boyfriend loved the spicy sausage penne ... pizza was also delicious.. tiramasu was just ok but i 'm not a fan in general..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we decided to finally try this restaurant after wondering about it for so long . we arrived around 5pm on a saturday afternoon , and the place filled up very quickly after we sat down . we had the calamari fritti and the garlic white pizza for starters , both were very tasty . for our main dish , i had the chicken milano with shrimp and my boyfriend chose the spicy penne puttanesca . i really enjoyed the chicken milano , although my boyfriend found the omission of seafood in the penne puttanesca an unusual ( and somewhat unexpected ! ) departure from the traditional recipe . the service was prompt and friendly and all in all , we had a pretty enjoyable meal . i 'm sure we 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the atmosphere was very nice but the food was disappointing . started with the mussels in white sauce . there were too many different flavours that ultimately clashed , making it an unpleasantly complicated dish . i had no desire to mop up the sauce with the bread at the table , which is highly indicative of my disappointment , considering that i will usually take any opportunity to eat bread . next : the 'villager 's vegetarian ' pizza . the crust was thick and spongy , reminiscent of stale focaccia . while i usually love my veggies , there were just too many on this pizza . it felt more like a salad dumped on top of stale focaccia , scattered with dry feta cumbs and then broiled just long enough for the feta crumbs to almost burn . when they first brought it out , it took me moment to figure out what the brown-black crumbs actually were . both dishes were edible and ok . the portions were generous . but i would take quality over quantity every time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic ! ! the staff is always friendly and the food is fantastic . the quantity of the food never leaves you hungry , my family and i are regulars here : ) get the honeymoon pasta , best seafood pasta you will ever have . i scoop the sauce up with a spoon every time . if i could lick the plate i probably would .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was a little slow ( but friendly ) and portions huge . spaghetti and meatballs was very good but spaghetti primavera not a lot of taste and pasta was over cooked . this is very busy place so they must be doing something right .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this restaurant with first impressions seems quite promising , the decor is nice and elevates the whole place . this place has mediocre , bland food and slow , dis functional service . the staff are nice , however , are so slow and will never check on your table . i ordered a pasta alfredo and was disappointed to receive flavourless noodles and water downed sauce . i would not recommend this restaurant at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the wife 's fav . nice , warm , great food with affordable wine list . not as expensive as advertised . $ 15 entres average . cheaper than big chains and a far better family experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic value and great food . go for the beef ribs melts in your mouth ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to olive press a few times , and not particularly impressed by it . it 's not bad , but also not great . it 's perhaps just a small step beyond an east side mario 's or other similar type of chain of italian-style food . the portions are decent and it is definitely kid-friendly , so it has this going for it . i think i might return there if i happened to be up that way again , with a car full of a hungry family , but would not make an effort to make my way there again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has nothing to do with italy . i 've been to italy and i ate plenty of italian food . this place could just be a fast food chain that serves a fusion non-identified cuisine using italian names . gravely disappointed . will never repeat it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've had the pesto chicken from there twice , it 's absolutely incredible if you 're thinking of going there this is a must have dish !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was satisfactory . snowy day , walk way was not clear . took forever to take drink order . no crayons on table for kids . they ended up giving us free tiramisu because cappuccino order wait was so long . waitress was pleasant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place for a family meal . the service is good . i had the veal parm which was a generous portion and not overly salty . the dining room can get loud though . the previous time i was here , i had the stromboli which was very good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my extended family has gathered here for a meal for various sad and happy occasions . advance reservations made it easy to seat us all without delay . ambience has always been 'just right ' ... festive with upbeat service when we wanted to be happy and celebratory ; private and quiet when we were gathering because of a sad event . food choices were wide enough to please all fussy palates . quality and quantity of food exceeded expectations . everyone enjoyed their orders and left with pleasantly full bellies . prices were mid-range and there were enough choices for all budgets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last time i go there ! food is nothing special . but service was aweful . the staff offended my kids . management made excuse after excuse when we voiced our concerns about it and it took forever to get anything because the server was always mia . this is off our list of places to eat out . prefer eating at moxies where they value there customers returning back and the staff is always friendly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so my previous review indicated poor service . june 7th my boyfriend and i went back for dinner around 5:30pm . everyone was friendly and mitch was an awesome waiter . he was funny and had such a positive attitude . the food again was delicious ... the flavours hit the mark . i honestly believe , looking back at my first experience , that maybe our previous waitress was having a bad day..who knows..because it seems..after observing the staff from the hostess to the bartender to the other servers , that they are taught the importance of customer service for this restaurant . i can appreciate management taking all concerns seriously and going to various lengths to maintain a content , loyal customer base . this is why i have increased my rating to 4 from the previous rating of 2 . thank you for inviting me again olive press , i will definitely be returning . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we took my son and his girlfriend there just last week - our first time there - and loved it ! quality and portions of food were very very good ... as was the ambiance and service . the place was packed . same prices as a east sides or a kelsey 's but the food quality and portion size is better imo . actually , we 'd tried to go for dinner the previous friday evening but there was a 1 hour wait to get in ... .so it seems to be a hit of sorts . highly recommended !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they blast the music in hear like its a club . if you 're looking for something a little more quiet go to the second cup across the street .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like coming to this starbucks location from time to time to get some work done . i like the fact that there are so many windows , and that most of the tables are by them . the staff are really friendly and chill , and the coffee strong and fresh . despite the steady stream of customers coming and going , you can usually find an outlet and a table . once in a while , it gets a bit loud when high school students come in for group `` study '' : ) , but usually , the noise level is fine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is pretty good here and so are the drinks . they have a large sitting area wyeth big windows and a patio outside to enjoy some sun . the location is right at the corner with free parking located behind the shop . this location can get quite busy so pack a bit of patience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in here in the morning to grab my daily dose of caffeine . the location is in the heart of streetsville so not much parking . when i got in the cashier was busy doing something near the cash . i placed my order without her greeting me and she mumbled something about me paying with my phone and said she would be right back and wandered away . i was left standing wondering if i should scan and pay by myself . i found the scanner behind the counter and scanned myself . she came back to make the drink , but she looked like she did n't want to be there . i 'll give her the benefit of the doubt and say maybe she was tired ? lol overall my drink was okay tasting but service could improve .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the service at the location is awesome . the employees are extreme friendly will spark a conversation when you sit at there bar . the quality of the drinks they make here has always been top notch and that is why i continue to come here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the worst starbucks i 've ever been to . they 're understaffed and the barista is extremely slow . there are only two workers and they do n't seem to care that there 's a huge line up . never coming here again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "come here almost every day . drive out of my way to get to this location because it has the best staff and a perfect location in central streetsville .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a federal employee and i had some `` use-it-or-lose-it '' leave time to use up before the end of the calendar year . so i took today off and went over to the carnegie library today . for me , there 's nothing better than spending a crummy day with some good books . let 's face it folks , i love to read . and since i do n't drink alky-hol , coffee is my poison . what better way to spend a crummy afternoon weatherwise with a good cup of joe and mr. mark twain ? crazy mocha is a local chain and although i like starbucks , i love supporting local businesses .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "apart from the fact that crazy mocha is a local business ( and therefore nicer to support than starbucks ) , this particular location offers great seating within carnegie library . as a final note , the peanut butter brownies are fantastic !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love going to this location of crazy mocha ! whenever i have a rehearsal in carnegie music hall the next building over , i almost always stop here to grab a cup of coffee . they make a mean shot-in-the-dark and make their dark roast coffees pretty strong , which i love ! since this place is located in the library , there is plenty of seating so you can definitely find a spot to do work at or chat with a friend over coffee . it 's always such a treat visiting this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really great coffee in an awesome location ! crazy mocha is a local coffee chain . they make a great dirty chai and have cookies the size of your face ! the fact that it 's in the carnegie library makes it that much cooler . grab some coffee and a book and you 're set for the afternoon ! they also sell gently used books for $ 1-5 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been using az mermaids for several years . bob and melissa do an excellent job with our pool . not only is our pool always sparkling clean ; they are always on top of preventive equipment maintenance , which has saved us countless dollars . i would not trust our pool to anyone else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "az mermaids takes great care of our pool . they are professional , knowledgeable , reliable and pro-active . i highly recommend their services !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what gems ! az mermaids are everything you could ask for- dependable , knowledgeable , personable , proactive , and awesome . their follow through is amazing . if something is not quite right they will just pop in to check on it . wonderful company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend az mermaids . melissa and her team were great servicing my pool and spa . they were dependable , knowledgeable and always pleasant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer this smith 's location over the one that 's right next to where i live . the staff is much nicer and more helpful here . the store just feels and looks so much cleaner and they 're usually well stocked unlike my local smith 's . it 's a little out of my way but i feel safer shopping here at night . the other one 's parking lot is always full of sketchy people just lurking around . a woman wants to feel safe when she 's grocery shopping and the other place scares me . anyways , this store is located right off decatur and flamingo . the only issue i have with this store is all the shopping carts in the parking lot . i blame the people that are so lazy and leave them there but also smith 's should have someone go out there often to retrieve them . it 's hard to find a parking spot when every other spot has a shopping cart in it . overall this is my go to smith 's . lots of fresh veggies and fruits .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this store is less than a half mile from us . they have some very helpful staff here . we can generally find the basics of what we need and get a friendly cashier . there is one incredibly hardworking staff member with cerebral palsy who really knows his store and runs circles in customer service around many able bodied people i have known . there is a pretty good produce section and prices are not bad . we like spring valley for what it has to offer . nothing fancy and some very cool people watching too !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service here is ok to bad , and their shelves are a complete mess . bathrooms stink and reek of old urine . i have never seen such a dirty grocery bathroom .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this grocery store is a sister store to kroger and is just like a kroger if you have them where you live . short drive from the strip to get groceries", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this meat department has problems i 've bought chicken that was spoiled and a ham spoiled in the past week . i lov smiths but this location has lost my respect .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i shop at this smiths each summer when i 'm in vegas . it 's close to the rio and has whatever you need for fair prices . last year the receipts had 50 % off gold coast buffet coupons ! ca n't beat a hot breakfast for $ 4.32 after tax !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stay away owner of this store needs to reported to sears headquarters and bbb . he does n't do the work . paid for a watch battery replacement then battery died ... took to fast fix and they took out the old battery the sears guy supposedly replaced ... it was the same original battery ! ! he never repaired it ! upon confronting him he went crazy in the store ! he 's insane and a fraud ! no refund and a total scammer !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here today to get 2 of my watches resized . the man working did a good job of estimating my wrist size , and even re-did one of the watches when i mentioned i wanted it one link larger . he packaged up the extra links separately for me and was very polite . i would have given 5 stars , but the price was too high ( at $ 11.99 per watch ) . if i had n't been in a hurry i probably would have gone elsewhere , but i am content with my decision .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place sucks ! ! been here 4 times during business hours and have never seen a single person . go to a place called quintero jewelry on arizona and warner . i had a great experience !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is located in st lawrence market . there is food court lower level of the building . they are one of them . they have good collection of pre-made sushi rolls which looked so tasty . i picked one of them actually it was not cheap but good taste than i expected ! ! they have tempura and teriyaki and other japanese and korean menu , too . i would recommend this place for quick meal when you are in this area ! ! there is table inside and outside you can enjoy food anywhere you like . and also no need to tip so that is another good thing of food court food . they sell miso soup for $ 1.00 taste good too ! ! their tempura was pre-made but taste still good ! ! but non pre made menu such as beef teriyaki something took longer than i expected . taste was little meh and portion was small . recommend you pre made sushi which is quick and good taste and quality ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sadly i did not check the reviews before getting lunch here . i want my money back . it was one of the worst lunches i have ever paid for in my life . $ 10 for instant noodles and beansprouts . crooks . same as previous review from robin d .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst owner manager , terrible receptionist . do n't ever buy a gift certificate , difficult to use , improper handling of appointments , rude receptionist and owner .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been going here for the past few months and seeing amber for brow waxing . she is a lovely woman and typically does a fabulous job on my brows , and that 's saying something because i 'm extremely picky . this last time i saw her , it seemed like she might have forgotten what i typically like my brows to be because she `` notched '' one of them which i ca n't stand . the other problem i have had , is that the receptionist is ultra snobby and rude . she looks down on everyone that seems to comes through the door . she is very unpleasant to deal with on any level ... like by making an appointment i seem to be wasting her time ? get real . she made me an appointment for 11am . i got there at 10:50 am . she gave me an attitude because i was early . really ? not sure if i will continue to go . most likely , i will be taking my business elsewhere", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely the worse highlights & haircut ever . the front of my hair was totally blonde , the `` highlights '' went down to my ear on the left side , stopped at the crown on the left side & stopped midcrown in the back . when the stylist ( kristin ) said she would cut 2 '' off i thought she meant she would only cut off 2 '' - my hair is now 2 '' long - she did not clean the back of the neck & left the nape long . after going home & crying i paid another stylist to totally recolor my hair & trim the back evenly . the cost is outrageous at botanicals - i would never , never , never go back there . ps : the receptionist is snotty", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i not sure what to say . i should have read the yelp reviews first . so disappointed right now . i 've been growing my hair for almost a half a year . i requested someone with experience . the girl said oh this girl has over 12 years exp so today i go to get my hair cut with my daughter and i got the worst hair cut ever . i ask kristen how old she is . `` 21 '' she said . okay so she has been doing hair since she was what 9 ? i was so mad i could n't even say anything . we should have had my 15 yr old cut our hair and saved $ 80.00 . we both felt like we just went to a chop shop . these girls need to learn how to cut hair and how to treat customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really hate to tell everyone how awesome tara is at botanicals . when i first started seeing her , i could get appointments in a day or two . sometimes even the same day . now she 's become so popular that it takes a week or more to get to see her . totally worth it . i trust her with my hair . i can tell her my vision and she sees it . i 've never gotten a bad cut from her . in fact , now i just tell her to do her thing and she knows what to do . i 've started taking my daughter with me as well . it 's $ 15 for a kid 's cut and that includes the awesome shampoo massage with the lavender shampoo . my princess is spoiled . my daughter has an asymmetrical bob with choppy sides . very fashion forward . others have totally failed to do it right , but tara rocks it out every time . i do n't know about the other people at botanicals , but tara is , hands down , amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've known a lot of these girls for years and they are most definitely the most talented hairstylists i have worked with and had my hair done by . beth is my hairstylist and my sisters and she is amazing . tara , alia , patti , and shanelle are all great hairstylists and have all at one point done my hair . i did hair for over 10 years and i know what to look for , and i trust all of them . aveda is gentle , and a great product line .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite hair salon ! tare has taken care of me for years ! she is what makes botanicals fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a groupon online i liked my haircut but the whole experience was just okay . my stylist who never introduced herself to me , she was n't personal or friendly and said barely 10 words the whole 45 min i was there . i wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tara colton is an amazing colorist and stylist . i highly recommend botanicals salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to have a haircut and color with sarah on tuesday and i could n't be happier ! not only was the salon accommodating with an appointment at 6 pm , but the level of professionalism and expertise by the stylist was very clear . the salon was very clean and welcoming and i will continue to make the hour long drive from mesa just to know i am going to get a great haircut and color .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am new to the area , and was looking for a new stylist for my daughter and i. i chose this place because of the location and that it was n't a run down old place like some of them in surprise . my stylist colorist was very nice and talkative , but in the end she was rushing through cutting and stylingbecause her next client was waiting . very disappointed ! i am a paying customer ! my daughter had the most unlikable stylist ! she said 5 words to her the whole time , blow dried it with no style ! wow and the receptionist checking us out , was even more unlikable , no smile no thank you ! we will never go back and i will give this business bad press as much as possible !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have had shanelle hill as my stylist for 2 years . i had tried several salons since moving here 5 yrs ago . finally i found a great stylist who actually listens to what i want concerning my hair cut .style etc . shanelle cares about what the client wants.i have had many compliments and questions about who my stylist is..i was so fortunate to have found shanelle and have recommended her to many acquaintance s .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shanelle is great ! i had a haircut i was n't happy with and she fixed it for me while i wait until it grows out . plus she did fabulous color on me ! i would definitely recommend her to anyone ! ask for shanelle ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the third time i 've been here and certainly the last . i had a spa pedicure and the nail tech did n't say 5 words to me the entire time i was in the chair . it was extremely uncomfortable as i felt like i was imposing on her time by being a paying customer . my nails did n't turn out any better than if i 'd done them myself . i do get regular pedicures at a more expensive salon spa but thought i would try botanicals again since they are closer and less expensive . i guess you get what you pay for . when i was finished and she led me to the counter she said `` nice meeting you '' while looking distantly out the window . it could n't have been more impersonal . then i was checked out by some teen eating her drive-thru breakfast . appalling . will not return ever . also , before i wrote this review i left a message for the manager to call me so i may discuss this . i never received a call .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for 3 years and i love it ! ! ! beth is absolutely amazing and no matter what she does i walk out smiling . katie and alia are also good . the staff has always been super sweet to me and i 've never had any problems . thanks for everything beth ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can see where other reviewers thought staff was a bit on the stuffy side . i got a great haircut ! i found the place a little lacking in warmth or friendliness . felt a little like an outsider as opposed to a valued client whom they wanted to know better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hair cut was great . salon is really professional looking and pleasant . michelle listened to what i wanted and accomplished the result i was going for . good job", "score": "4"}
{"review": "katie saved the day for me this sunday . i suffered from a horrible attempt at lightening my hair . luckily with her expertise , wry sense of humor , and great attitude she saved the day and my hair . i love aveda products and i felt very pampered by my visit . i will definitely be back . i promise i will have read the book twilight before my next visit . : ) this salon was very cool and i liked it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got a groupon here , and i got services with amy and i liked the job she did so much that i became a regular customer . i really think they are reasonably priced , and i also love aveda anyway so i always come here now ! great to find a nice salon when you are new in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service and friendly staff . i would highly recommend dr. patel as a dentist ! he is very thorough and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. patel and his staff are thoughtful , friendly and attentive to your needs . dr. patel takes the time to explain every procedure and puts people at ease . i have very sensitive teeth , so it was important that i find a dentist that could take the time to make sure i was comfortable and was n't in pain . in the past , i would leave the dentist in pain , but not here ! quality care takes patience and an understanding of each individual . that is what dr. patel provides . i would highly recommend this clinic for all your dental needs . it is the only place i go for my teeth !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drive for an hour from mississauga to see dr patel , he is the best dentist i have been to , and i have been to few of them ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after visiting cuba , i was interested to see what kind of cigars the local shops in vegas offered . i was sent to this location to check out he selection and i was not impressed . the one employee who was working did not seem to understand anything i was asking and did n't bother to explain what i was looking at when i had questions . i asked him how much a humidor was and he said $ 60 , then $ 40 , then $ 60 again . i 'm not sure why he went back and forth on the price , but he had already lost me the first time . i bought my one cigar and cigar cutter and left . i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yeah this place was interesting for sure . the prices were above average . the glass was cheap . the worker was super strange and beyond awkward . they do n't take cards unless you spend like 10 bucks which is ridiculous ... i mean it is 2016 . the shop has a selection of jewelry ( very random i know ) and you top it off , they also sell porno videos ... why ? idk", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not the greatest store i 've ever been to . i got a few stems but i 'm not sure i 'd go back . there are so many different options when it comes to smoke shops and options in las vegas so i think i 'm going to go to another smoke shop plants locally here around silverado ranch and bermuda and it 's not quite as funky .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "overpriced garbage . out of all the smoke shops in the vegas area , this one is the worst ! all of their inventory in cheap chinese knock-off crap . do n't bother with a few good shops within 1 mile !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hari really took his time in helping us find what we were looking for . we got amazing deals and a few incentives . just moved to this area and i was looking for a smoke shop to come to and i think i found it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a box of a dozen dipped strawberries . regular price is $ 25 but they had it on promotion for $ 10 in july as they do every summer . i have had edible arrangements personally and have also gifted them - i must say this is probably one of the worst ones i 've visited . first of all , the box would n't even close properly because the fruits were too big . secondly , i would 've been embarrassed if this was a gift as the strawberries went from gigantor big to mini-me small . i also noticed that some of the strawberry stems were starting to grow pale . i love edible arrangements - but never again from this location !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is national dipped fruit month and to celebrate , the store has a special box of dipped fruit for $ 10 ( reg $ 25 ) . the product is not bad , you get a box of chocolate dipped strawberries . but this place loses marks for the poor customer service . the woman there was neither friendly or helpful to someone who has never shopped at this place . tastes like godiva but at a reasonable price with this sale . otherwise avoid at all costs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible customer service . no such thing as same day delivery . i ordered a box of dipped fruit for delivery in the morning time for same day delivery and received a phone call a few hours later asking if it could be delivered the next day . i was annoyed but what could i do . the following day i called to see when it would be delivered stating that the recipient was leaving for the night in the late afternoon , and she said she could n't make any guarantees . this means the fruit will sit at the concierge for a day rotting basically and go to waste . fifty dollars later i will never order from here again . so unprofessional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered a small arrangement from this location a week in advance , with chocolate dip and bowl on the side . when i arrived to pick up my order i was told the extra 's were not available , though i had already been charged for the full amount . the quality of the fruit was also not great , the strawberries were sour and the cantaloupe did n't seem fresh to me ... would not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered a birthday gift for my husband first time using this company . lady calls me later that day saying she could not deliver it was too far for her driver . and no other locations would help . this has been 2 weeks and still have not been refunded my money . i called store many times no answer no one returns my call . iv called head office who seems too do nothing . i had to resort to reporting it to my cc company . i 'm highly disappointed and would never recommend them to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 're hungry and craving chicken , come here ! i love how they pack their boxes . portions are big ! it my friends first time having hawaiian bbq and they would love to come back . i usually go with the usual , chicken katsu . my friend selected the curry chicken as her second choice and both were really good ! i was told to not order the pork because it 's something to stay away from so i did . i enjoyed ono !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not very good . stopped in for a quick lunch while i was in the area . the restaurant is in a strip mall with a decent amount of parking . there 's plenty of seating , but the restaurant is pretty dirty and cramped . i ordered the chicken katsu mini meal . it was very plain - nothing remarkable about the flavors or cook or anything . it was pretty cheap , but greasy . staff seemed bored and irritated that they worked there . i would n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had a bogo coupon for ono hawaiian bbq , so we stopped by one evening after work . i wanted just plain chicken , so i got the breaded style chicken . my husband opted for the same and teriaki . the chicken had a lot of fat in it - very chewy . the breaded chicken had very little flavor and was dry . they give you rice and macaroni salad with meals - both were standard . took quite awhile for our food to come out . it cost over $ 15 with the bogo coupon . we wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well for starters do n't expect any sort of customer service . the employees all seem like they were just released from prison . talking to you is the last thing on their list of priorities ( manager included ) . i literally watched a girl greet a guest as she was texting . the food is pretty good but not worth the atmosphere and customer service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you love mayo , grease , and scoops of rice over cabbage ( their claim of veggies in the meals ) , this is the place for you . i have tried their bbq chicken and fire hot chicken meals , and it tastes good initially ( probably because it 's dripping in fat ) , but made my stomach turn a few hours later . fire hot chicken will mess you up ! it is dowsed in a super hot sauce and spices . there were not enough macaroni salad and rice to extinguish that ! about $ 10 a meal there , blah . it is ok at the best ... what do you expect from a 'hawaiian ' fast food joint ? will leave you saying oh-no ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "5 stars for the food 3 for the employees food is always good and made in a timely manor i 've been coming here for years and they never seem to be able to keep staff members , i do n't know why . but lately are extremely lacking in basic customers service skills . some come off as rude and do n't seem like they want to work there at all . you ask question and they look at you with a blank look and answer so mono tone that it makes you feel stupid . great place and great food but they to improve some of the employees , some are really nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been wanting to try this place for a while and was very dissappointed . the woman behind the counter was clearly annoyed that i wanted to order . the food although very tasty was very fatty . there was very little meat that was n't all fat . the tables were all dirty and it was n't very busy and when i asked the woman behind the counter for some napkins to wipe one down she did n't even budge to come wipe them down . there were only two tables taken in the whole place and it was n't busy enough for her not to be able to get away from the counter . i do n't think we will be back . did n't seem like it was worth the money for a bunch of fatty meat and indifferent service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place rocks , but if you count calories then read their nutritional information before ordering !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice and friendly staff . was greeted right when i walked in and was suggested great food . restraunt was clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "consistently very good , we usually get the bbq chicken meal . katsu sauce is delicious . wish the mac salad was served colder though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hawaiian bbq options here in the east valley are very limited . there are only a handful of places . the plate lunches here are pretty decent , nothing remarkable , but hits the spot when i am craving some hawaiian bbq . their mac salad is pretty good also so i ca n't complain . it 's not the definition of the ultimate plate lunch , but it does it 's job to fill that craving .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went on saturday , and man , how things have changed in a few months . no longer have that wonderful asian sauce in bottles to have as much as you want . you have to ask for it , and they give you cups with a little tiny bit in it . seriously , when you stick your fork in it , it coats just the tips of the fork , that 's how little they put in it . so i had to ask for two . and it still was n't enough . they skimped on the macaroni salad too . the meat was n't as juicy either . i can only imagine that maybe they have changed their management ? we will not ever go back , if we are in the mood for hawaiian , we will stick with aloha kitchen . ta ta , ono ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "whenever i am craving hawaiian eats , i definitely go to ono . the food is good and their portions are good size for the price . sadly the customer service has gone down , specifically the cashiers . kaitlyn waited on us yesterday , with a scowl on her face and the attitude of `` i hate people and my job ! '' she even snapped at one of the cooks when he was verifying our order . luckily the food is good or otherwise i would not go here . ono , please hire people that make your customers feel welcome that greet people with a smile . not some rude bitchy teenager !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always drive by this place and always wanted to try it and i can say i was totally disappointed i went in and was not greeted once i got to the counter to order there was a sassy rude teenager behind the counter who was too busy talking to the cook 's in the back was very rude when taking my order i told her it was my first time there and instead of giving me suggestions she was playing with her nails and rolling her eyes waited 10 minutes for the food which is n't too bad but the food was just left on the counter as a rude girl yelled my number and turned around to talk to the cooks will not be returning the food was n't that great do n't go here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to other ono locations , and had good food . i tried this one twice ( thought the first time was just a bad fluke ) . what i go was fatty , bad tasting food with slow service . did i mention the parking lot is 1 2 the size it needs to be ? fool me once , shame on you . fool me twice , i 'm telling .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the girlfriend has been raving about this place for some time now , and seeing that we were in the area - why not stop in for lunch . the price was n't too bad , you 'll be looking to spend between 5 - 15 bucks a plate dish . i went ahead and ordered the `` hawaiian bbq mix '' , pretty much gave me a taste of everything besides the sea food . the meats were jammed pack with flavor and a one of a kind taste . would come again . =d", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while i waiting on a friend , i decided to stop by for some lunch . i ordered the mix plate - chicken katsu & chicken bbq . ive had a fair share of plates from other places out of state , and i was highly disappointed . with a small drink , i paid about $ 11 . the katsu was soo dry and it was all batter and pretty much no chicken . some were rlly fried , i couldnt bite into it . the bbq was soft but no flavor . i thought it could be an off day but reading the other reviews , its common . the person , jessica w. who rang me up was always on her phone texting . no manners whatsoever . i hope management reads everyones review . i wish l & l hawaiian food would come back to this area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is 4 stars . cashiers 1 . ( continuation from pic ) who is this girl ? is she an employee ? on the clock ? off the clock ? a friend of an employee ? she stood there for over an hour , walking back and forth between the kitchen and the counter talking with employees behind the counter about things you should not be talking about ( full of profanity ) at a place of business especially in an open kitchen like that . my family sat in the back of the restaurant and we could still hear their entire conversation . we all heard it . including my 9year old son . then to top it off the girl in the middle decides it 's time to mop at 830pm when there are still a bunch of tables eating and they close at 930pm . not the best time to do that . she 's lucky no one slipped and fell . these employees are a lawsuit waiting to happen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty slow shop food is good but man are they slow . staff is talking about everything but work . i called in they answer because they were understaffed 4 guys standing around doing nothing wow . there was only 1 guy actually working . this is how a franchise runs into the ground ! ( girl ) throwing forks around the kitchen how great is this . if i was the owner i would fire everyone on shift . time and date as posted . you can look at your schedule and figure out who was working . just sad . waited 20 minutes and no food manager message me and i will be more then happy to remove this", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have tried this place on 3 different occasions , the last and final one being today . the service was terrible . i was the only person in the place and the woman behind the counter made me wait , without even acknowledging my existance while she looked through some sort of tickets . i then asked if i could place my order and then she said , ( without even looking up from the stack of paper ) `` in a minute . '' so i just stood there staring at her . bad start ! food is very greasy and chicken was very fatty and majority of it was not edible . the positive of the place is that the portion size is large . even the mini meal which i got today was more than enough for 1 person 's lunch .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered a side of chicken and a side of beef . the chicken was not even warm . not even luke warm . the beef always warm , but not close to hot .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as a local boy raised in hawaii , this place sucks . everyone on this thread that says this place is ono ( tastes good ) you have no clue what good hawaiian bbq is or you have n't lived there . no offense , but for real kine . they say it comes with 2 scoops rice but that 's not 2 scoops rice , more like 1 sccop . i had the bbq combo and the meat was greasy , had no real taste , almost tasted old . there was no flavor whatsoever . there were 6 open tables and only 1 was clean , the rest were dirty . i eat up at the one in scottsdale and their food is much better . night and day for sure . whomever owns this place , get your store together otherwise close it already . it 's a shame to call this `` hawaiian bbq '' .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ribs are super fatty . hardly any meat . service was slow . other food was ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we stopped in here on our way to the airport . great food and a lot of it ! the service was friendly and fast and the restaurant was very clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of our absolute favorite places to pick up dinner . love , love , love the teriyaki chicken . and the macaroni salad is amazingly delicious . we always get extras so we can munch for dinner and lunch the next day ! yummmm ! in fact , i think we will go tonight !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the closest to being back home we could get living in arizona . reminds us of l & l . this was the second time we have eaten here . the food is great , but not so much the workers . they close at 9:30 and the worker started mopping the floors at 8:30 while there is still 4 tables still eating . the entire time we were there a woman stayed at the counter talking to the workers and walking back and forth from the kitchen to the counter . the conversation could be heard from us sitting in the back of the restaurant . usually these things do n't bother me , but it does when the conversation is full of swearing and talking about personal lives where my 9 year old could hear . no professionalism .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "place sucks . food is n't that good employees ca n't get orders right and manager is no help . second star for food being just alright .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great hawaiian food fast ! came in to get an order of spam musubi to go and was immediately greated . the spam musubi here is awesome and portion size is great . the service was prompt but the wait for the food was a little longer then i had hoped , but worth the wait . i 've had several other dishes and sides here and have enjoyed them all . great place to come for something a little different .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i know this is a chain but their food was great ! the chicken salads are my favorite . you can go wrong with the mac salad for an extra side too . yum yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never physically visited this location , but my parents ( this happened in october 2011 ) drove for over an hour to this spot for takeout to bring home . the kalua pork did not have much flavor . i 'll give them the benefit of the doubt , because i have n't tried other items on their menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's ok but i lived in fiji for two years and got picky when it comes to island food . this place does have some good food but just nothing to write the islands about ! ! if you are in the need for a change the terriaki chicken and anything pork is recommended . i want to give it more stars but it 's just not good enough or worthy in my opinion but it 's not aweful . go check it out and see what you think . let me know .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "geez , i love their bbq chicken and cole slaw !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is ok ! service was good , the staff seemed friendly . we did a to-go order & the food came out pretty quick . the food itself was just ok ; we found a little bit of bone in our chicken unfortunately . portions are large , though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the manager is always yelling at his workers , and they have a cockroach infestation ... they need to get that taken care of , i would not want to eat there ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "their food is rich in flavor . they also allow for extra sauces on the side . my favorite had to be their teriyaki chicken . i like having both katsu and teriyaki sauce on the side . the pricing is fair given the fact it 's made fresh . they lack locations but i would recommend giving this place a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is just ok , but the problem is it 's way overpriced ! for $ 20.00 for a meal at fast food . a little outrageous ! plus there a loud mouth worker female who voice you can hear throughout the whole place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they did n't give me a discount for being from hawaii . food was good though , katsu breading tasted like fish a little but it made it taste better and the musubis were like they were home made which is good and bad . the nori on the musubis was kinda chewy . we had to wait 5 minutes for someone to get off the phone . foods good though i 'd recommend it to any hawaiian food seekers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is an all time favorite of my family . the family meal is awesome ! they have the best macaroni on earth ! trust me i 've tried others - lol we make the 30 mile drive just to eat there as it is so good . they need to add one in san tan valley ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was tasty but the restaurant is filthy . the bathroom will make you cringe ! the soda machine had no ice , come on people , either fix it or go grab some from a store . table and chairs were filthy . i will be looking for a different location due to the dirtiness of this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "honestly , i would only come here for the spam musubi . the spam musubis are good , but i did n't like the plates . i got a beef plate that came with rice and macaroni salad . first , they gave such little rice , that i had to just go home and make more rice because they did n't give enough to complement the beef . the beef was okay.. a little red in the middle and a little charred burned on the outside . the mac salad was n't good though . it felt watery and had way too much mayo in it . if you come here , i would recommend getting spam musubis , if not , then i would n't recommend coming here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "little dirty everywhere . the place is n't being kept up . water from the fountain tastes like cleaning chemicals but the lady at the counter `` ca n't do nothin ' 'bout that . '' expensive for what you get and slow service as already stated . the food was n't bad but i did n't have flashbacks of the islands , either . except maybe some dive in pearl city . probably wo n't come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm at ono on duty tonight , kinda busy no sauces both empty ? lots of sticky soda on the floor . both table i stood waiting a to go order have sticky food on them icky for sure . staff is nice tho and smiles while being polite . i 'll be back kds", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would give this place a 4.5 because i 'm saving my 5 for jaw dropping food ! ono bbq is very delicious though ! they have a very cute man working in the front welcoming all the guests with an `` aloha ! '' and they have island music playing in the background ! the food is very tasty , too ! very similar to l & l bbq if those of you are familiar with it . they have great chicken katsu , great bbq chicken and delicious hawaiian mac and cheese ! next time i come , i 'm going to try the kalua shredded pork ! oh they also have spam and eggs ! mahalo , ono bbq", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is has great hawaiian style bbq . the katsu sauce is awesome . i ordered the mixed bbq platter . the staff is friendly , the service is fast , and food is hot . i would give the place five stars but the dining area was dirty looking , and it was hard to find a clean table .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here once before . it was mediocre at best the first time . thought we 'd give it another shot . maybe after 9 months away from hawaii , the memory of our island cuisine will have faded from our taste buds . worst . saimin . ever . seriously , you 're much better off eating top ramen . the chicken katsu is n't bad , but the katsu sauce is horrible . the teriyaki , bbq chicken , and kalbi are just ... wrong . they ca n't even make a spam musubi right . the one bright spot is the mac salad . the mac salad is legit . oh , and the can juice . ca n't fuck up a can of aloha maid . we wo n't be back . guess i got ta make my own ono hawaiian grinds .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried ono hawaiian bbq for the first time today . we were not disappointed . i had the chicken katsu plate ( 2 scoops rice , mac salad , cabbage ) for $ 7.99 and my wife had the kalua pig & cabbage plate ( rice and mac salad ) for $ 8.49 . impressions : ( 1 ) lot of food ! ( 2 ) mac salad was tasty and reminded me of the mac salad at rainbow 's in honolulu ; ( 3 ) kalua pig seasoning was just right ; ( 4 ) chicken katsu was crisp and tasty . will definitely be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big fan of their food ! my husband likes the katsu and i prefer the teriyaki chicken . great portions and fast service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place for hawaiian food . ever since our hawaii honeymoon i fell in love with spam . i did n't care for it before but in hawaii it 's everywhere . even in mcdonald . i really like spam musubi but it 's fun to try different type of musubi if you do n't like spam . their portion is big so i would recommend sharing then you 'll have room for coconut haupia . if you like coconuts then you 'll love this coconut jello . my mouth is watering just thinking about it ... ... .i know what we 're having for dinner tonight heehee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had gone here once before , long time ago , and it did not make a huge impression . then i was invited by a friend to go again and loved what i ordered . the bbq beef strips ... very good ... and i am a fan of the macaroni salad . i will be going back for some bbq beef and rice ... very good ... could not stop chowing down .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "way too over priced . i mean its great food . with an average sized portion . but for how much i 'm paying ? ... not totally worth it !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was totally excited to get some hawaiian food today . drove about 25 minutes to come to this place . once my wife and i got here we literally stood in front of the cash register , ready to order , while 4 `` workers ? '' just chatted away . they looked over and didnt say a thing and continued to have their conversation . i 'm not looking for a 5 star restaurant experience but atleast greet or acknowledge that you have a customer in front of you . now we 're at chipotle .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i love this place ! all their sauces are delicious and their meat is spot on . if you try it you 'll get hooked and need to eat it at least once a month if not more . reheat good too . get the family meal so you do n't have to cook the next day", "score": "5"}
{"review": "be careful ... they do not take mobile coupons from their own email club ... i am not going to drive an extra half an hour home and a half an hour back just to print out the coupon", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 've ever had good hawaiian bbq do n't eat here . my wife and i went at 1200 today and were the only ones there . now i know why . i got chicken and shrimp and my wife got the bbq platter . the food tasted greasy and half- @ $ $ ed plain and simple . i would never recommend this place to anyone . go to chipotle one store down . absolutely horrible food . we threw it in the trash and continued on with our day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was a great meal . i really enjoyed it . i got the bbq chicken and it was very moist . perfect place for lunch or even dinner cause the portions are huge !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got the mixed bbq plate , the good . . . generous portions , rice was good , mac salad was good . the bad . . . expensive , bbq beef over cooked , skinny rib was mostly fat and gristle , chicken was fatty . customer service . . . no hello , no thank you , no smile , no come back ,", "score": "2"}
{"review": "located in a strip mall on power close to the 202 , ono is your typical strip mall fast food until you taste their unique combination of bbqs and asian hawaian fare . i ordered the # 4 combo - galbi , beef and chicken.the galbi was very tender and had a nice bbq flavor but not what i expected . same with the beef n chicken . however , ignoring my expectations , the bbq was really very good ! the accompaniment of macaroni was superb and the cabbage ( boiled ) was excellent . i also ordered fresh young coconut and it was excellent . service was excellent ( i asked for my coconut to be halved and got immediate assistance ) . will definitely try this again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't eat here . i ate here today and couple hours later i 'm puking it up and it takes quite a bit for my stomach to disagree with food . the food here was also plain and not worth the money spent so i 'd recommend spending your time and money elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible food ! the kalua pork looked like cat food and tasted horrible . they do n't have loco moco , now what hawaiian restaurant does not have loco moco ? ? ? ? ? chicken katsu tasted old and re fried to serve it warm . the noodle soup is gross . the noodles is over cooked and the broth tasted like hot ginger water . the macaroni salad was luke warm . what a waste of money . when you 've had authentic hawaiian food , you know that the food here is garbage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "may , dean , ann & holly fabulous- always take good care of you , great gel mani & pedi 's ! ! ! thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time with this salon and i 'll gave them 5 star . good service and very friendly . i 'm planning to go back there and be a regular customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today , i visited d & m salon first time . i came here because my maniquirist had fanatstic haircut and i had to ask her who did the haircut . she said may at d & m salon . i was looking for somebody who will do modern haircut for my 9 year old daugherr , and 11 year old son ( both with thick hair ) . they both wanted modern haircuts that not everybody can do . we are sooo happy with results ! thank you may so much . my kids have very modern textured hairctuts and look amazing . we will recommend you to all our friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent outstanding service . friendly environment . although they only have 2 stations , they really have customer care . they are not like other nail salons where they rush you in and out of their salon so they can seat the next customer . they really take their time with you and clean your cuticles very well . i like feeling like i 'm well taken care of , and they do just that . on top of that it is reasonably price : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everybody loves a bargain ! bargain nook has a great combination of new and gently used clothing , accessories and bedding . i have scored some great deals on lands end and canvas here for myself , kids and hubby . swimsuits for $ 4 a piece , insulated lunch boxes for $ 6 for back to school , linen shirts , wrap dresses , fluffy towels you can mix and match . there 's something for everyone . they have it pretty well organized , staff is extremely polite , decent hours and small enough it is not overwhelming . if you 're in mount horeb this is a definite stop while you 're on main street .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love it ! the sale went smoothly ! ! got my bike , one of the staff came out to help me put my bike in the trunk of my car . i was really happy when he came out to help . thank you to the guy with red hair . did not know his name ! i 'm glad i bought my new bike . the salesman that helped me was very knowledgeable , and informative to me and answered all of my questions . i would definitely recommend anyone looking to buy a bike , i wld send them here ! thanks again , very laid back staff but very attentive to the customers that come through thier door .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite stores in the area . great selection of items including many lands end returns and not quite perfect items . i 've found some nice dresses , skirts , polos , swimsuits , and bedding . a fun stop - you never know what treasures you 'll find !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was going through a difficulty separation and bexley was quick to approve me and help me move in with in days of my application . less than three months later i was forced to move due to personal issues and all i could afford to do was pay my final months rent moving out on the ninth of that month . not only did bexley kindly receive and forward my mail they also refunded my the amount of rent i had left once they had tenants move in . my advice : if you are in need of an apartment in desperate times or on a low budget this is the most consumer friendly property management you could possibly deal with . they took my home life problems personally and were extremely kind and understanding and helpful . i can not recommend this property enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible experience 3 years after moving out . my account that held a $ 0 balance was turned into collections because of the tenants after me . i called over 3 times trying to get to corporate all to be completely ignored . i finally found at least one person in the office who cared to hear my situation since my credit was being damaged due to this place . i would n't recommend this complex to my worst enemy . stay away ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we stopped in again after over a year . this visit , we went with some papaya salad , chicken panang curry and of course , pad thai . portions here are very generous , these three dishes could 've easily fed 4-6 people ! the papaya salad was crisp , refreshing , and had well balanced flavors . the panang curry was also good with just the right amount of heat ( we ordered mild ) the pad thai was perfection , and just as good as komol 's version and we were stuffed , but still had half of each dish for leftovers the next day . thai grill is back in our rotation , and i 'm glad they 're not too far from us ... aloha ! ! ! yelp 365 challenge- ( 189 365 ) `` thai hiatus ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the menu here is extensive and everything is made fresh . i have not found anything here yet that was not amazing . the portion sizes are large , so bring a big appetite . you definitely need to try to fresh , hand-rolled spring rolls . the owners are very friendly and will always greet you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! i wish they were closer to my house . i was randomly in north las vegas going to this awesome and affordable printing company called reliable and found these guys on the way . i had the chicken larb northeastern thai style . the best i have ever had in my life . i got a spicy number 5 and it was delicious and cheap . this thai place is in a ghetto complex and whatever interior . but , for good food i do n't care what it looks like . i love thai food and i love spending money on food that makes me happy . please go check this place out it is so delicious . do n't get orange chicken do n't get americanized food and say it was ok. get the real thai food and then write a review . the panang is so authentic and they make their own pad thai sauce . yes ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the pineapple rice , sal-oua and pad se ew . all was good , sal-qua was..just like any sausage i 've eaten . but i tried that by going out on a limb away from what people recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love thai food ! i go to many places . bought my groupon and came here alone to study after school . the curry was so good . i try so many currys everywhere i go and got ta say this is now my top fav ! the only thing i have a complaint about was my white rice . it was too mushy for me : but the green curry made up for it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best thai food i 've ever had ! the spicy catfish was perfect ! juicy and just enough kick at heat level 7 ! the papaya salad perfect ! worth the drive ! ! the red snapper buttery and curry creamy bliss ! mmmm", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great little secret hidden away in small shopping center . we 've been a few times and it 's usually not very busy , i can not figure it out because the food is delicious . i love a good eggplant and we had eggplant tofu , we get all our dishes about a five for spice and this was perfect . nice big pieces of eggplant and was n't mushy . we had pad see ew and pad prik pork . both dishes again cooked just spicy enough , i loved them both ! and finally our last dish was the beef panang . this was solid with great flavor , curries can be too rich or sometimes runny , but this was perfect . i know it seems like a lot of food , but with husband , this is pretty typical . they are open until 10pm , the place is clean and service is great , the food is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "over all the food was pretty good , especially the chicken panang . the scrimp in the scrimp fried rice was really bad , had to throw it out delivery and service good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there crab rangoon has a much cream cheese and crab they are wonderful ! everything we have ordered has been superb .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! be prepared to eat cuz the portions are big ! bring a lot of friends or you 'll have lots of leftovers : - ) a nice mom and pops place which is the best ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a surprise this place is ! dont be scared of the area . this place is worth it . everything is good here . check for offers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a questionable section of town ... but so worth stopping in . the food is amazing . the menu has both traditional and more exotic thai dishes . this was the first place i ever tried spicy catfish and it is beyond amazing . a little crisp from the fry , but not overly breaded , and the fish inside is heaven . like flakey buttery goodness . i have been here now three times and each time i add additional items , but never stray from the catfish . give it go you will not regret it at all ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first try using yelp . we where at north las vegas , and saw this restaurant on yelp . we gave it a try . i 'm not a fan of spicy food , but the owner makes you choose your spiciness ( on a scale from 1 to 10 ) first time i took the duck curry , it was delicious , the size of the meals are enirmous ! ( especially for the price you pay ) the second time i got the bamboo spooce salad , which i did n't like , but it was the first time i tried bamboo , so it 's just probably my taste . oh , and the owner gives 10 % if you check-in !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! the food seem very authentic , it does n't taste like a panda express or some other bull . after reading the reviews people gave i was upset about the point of location being `` hood '' ? you do n't know what `` hood '' is . yeh its in an urban area but that does n't make it hood or suspicious . i lived in anthem till my house got broken in to . enough of my ranting..but this place is my vegas fav", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not let the exterior fool you . this place in not about how nice the outside is , it 's about how good the food inside is . food is great and there is lot 's of it . great variety . friendly servers . kitchen slow to get food out to you , but it is well worth the wait . drunken noodle and duck soup ... off the hook .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my food 2 frog 's legs and a pork jerky , took 2 hours to arrive , after i called twice . everything was cold and soggy and the frog 's legs were raw in the middle . being as i work in the industry , i called ( third time ) and made them aware of the quality issues ( in addition to the timing issues ) and i offered to take a replacement order ... they said that they could n't make those items again , and offered something that i never ordered in lieu ... .never order from this place again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you ca n't afford $ 200 a night somewhere , but want to stay close to where the action is in toronto , this is a perfect place . we did n't plan on spending much time in our room , just needed a place to sleep so this was perfect . the rooms have a fridge , stovetop , microwave , and dishes to use . the room was clean . if you want something `` luxury '' this place is n't for you but if you 're pretty easy to please , this is a nice place to stay . i would stay here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when asked on their customer feedback form if i would suggest the hotel to others , i strongly would suggest they do n't . firstly the entire place smells of cigarette smoke - not just the entry where everyone is smoking , but in the elevator and even your own ( non-smoking ) room when you open the door . other than the carpet needing a vacuum - i felt so much grit under my feet i stayed in shoes the whole time . oh and of course , the fire alarm in your room going off when you have a hot shower ( this is canada people - it will happen ) . it was expensive for the state of the place , and while the area is good with a student vibe , but really - not worth the cost they charge you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i think the chances of this place formerly being used as an assisted living hospice business is high ! the water in the shower had no self control . the positive reviews i read for this place , must have been written by the people who left lipstick marks and pubic hairs on the sheets .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stayed here while attending a conference . for the price it was a fine hotel . small rooms and no extras ( public ironing boards only , etc . ) but the rooms were clean and the service was friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just discovered this one on booking.com very pleasantly surprised . clean , comfy , right downtown , cheap , and w a kitchenette in every room ! what ! i mean , alexandra park 's not the best at night , but really it 's harmless .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the alexandra is not a `` nice '' hotel it 's a cheap hotel . if affordability is your primary metric , as it was mine on this trip , then you will be pleasantly surprised as among cheap hotels it 's pretty nice . everything is old but maintained . furniture is old and cheap but clean and functional . i give the a high review for this reason .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is not known for beauty . rather its you stay at if you want to save some money and have convenience . dont get me wrong , its not a dump either . it was fair . the convenience of being right of queen street west makes and bathurst , makes it worthwhile . . my only grievance is that the entrance smells like cigarette smoke . however , if you walk fast enough , you 'll be ok. ive stayed 4 times and will be happy to re-visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the exterior is run down , same with the front office , hallways and especially staircases ( literally looks like a bunker from ww1 ) . the rooms are reasonable though and bathrooms are clean . prices are low and it 's a good location . not too many sketchy people around either .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "3.5 stars . they suckered me in with a chicken tender sample and i was too tired to hunt for something else more `` quality '' . i had the 3 tender basket with mac n cheese and cucumber salad . the tenders were juicy , but kind of bland by themselves . definitely needed the buffalo sauce . the mac n cheese was pretty standard , but the cucumber salad was not good . it was very bland and the cucumbers had a very thick chewy skin . overall not bad ( and cheap for vegas ) but do n't get the cucumber salad and be sure to get some sauce !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty good , i really liked the chicken salad , a lot if flavor , but the service is n't too great . they are n't that friendly , but the service is n't too great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worth every penny staff is super nice and food is amazing my man and i loved the sauces they have . we sampled some and when we sampled other foods we came back to them . amazing food amazing staff great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was good . food was very bad . chicken was dry and tuff . mac and cheese was tasteless . mashed potatoes were similar to kfc but a little more tasteless", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty tasty , juicy , crispy chicken and sandwiches . reminds me of chick fil a . bread was soft and fresh , and fries were fat and extra crispy . would definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw this place and decided to stop by here with my luggage before i flew out . best chicken i had in my life when i was at the airport . the last person i met worked there , she 's cool and we still keep in contact . thanks for the friend and awesome chicken strips . note- the grandma sauce that i did not want accidentally spilled on my chicken when going to the airport . that was the best thing to happen to them . heading back to vegas again just for the strips . ( chicken strips )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only good thing about this place is the friendly guy at the register and the speed with the which our bacon cheese monster fries came out . but , they are not good . the cheese is fake of from a can or something and it looks like they gave a single slice of cheap bacon . i 'm drunk and it is n't even that good . such a let down .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "slow but chicken is tasty . expensive . located in the venetian food court . we ordered the caesar salad with tenders . it was very tasty and juicy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "booked at venetian and it 's a 3 minutes walk towards this place , very close . ordered 5 piece tenders with 2 sides for $ 12 after we left pool . we 're pretty much filled up and it 's pretty tasty . price is fair too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were looking for a new kitchen table on the cheap so we decided to check this place out . they have a huge showroom of furniture as well as other things like appliances , clothing , electronics , and more . the day we went all dressers were significantly discounted and it appears they discount different categories each day . even without a discount their pricing was really reasonable and the quality of their used furniture is better than what i expected to find . the store is very clean and spacious . check them out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is pretty great ! if you are looking for something new to you and pretty cheap this is the place to go . they run deals certain days of the week and most of their stuff is pretty reasonably priced . you never know what you are going to find here and everything is in pretty good shape . you ca n't really go with a mission , like any other thrift store they only have what they have . i like to go and just see what is available and take a chance . my mom and i picked up a really cool park bench one day , you know who does n't need a park bench in their back yard ! ha ! the staff is usually pretty nice and willing to help if you need it . you can also purchase items and leave them there for a few hours while you figure out how the hell you are going to get it home !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is pretty great . i 've been here a few times looking for furniture , which i have n't quite found the perfect piece yet , but they always have new stuff coming in so i plan on going very soon to look again . the furniture is very clean , which is key ! they also have tons of household items - i left with some glasses and plates last time i think . the store is super spacious , well organized , and clean ! and it does n't smell like thrift store ! the prices are very reasonable on average and you 'll find a really good deal on some stuff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is insanely expensive . furniture is literally given to them and they put exorbitant price tags on it . the staff is n't helpful at all . i struggle to figure out how they call themselves a `` thrift store '' when they ask for $ 1,000 for a worn and tattered bedroom set , $ 5 for a knock knack that had been glued together . their discounts do n't apply to anything other than the junk that 's been there for years .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time in here and was pleased with selection and prices . it 's a very large space that is clean and well maintained . everything was well organized with prices clearly marked . some of the pricing varies greatly - almost more like a consignment shop than a thrift store , but it generally seemed to match items of higher value . i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am in love with this place ! it 's a one stop thrift shop . yes they have furniture and lots of it ( prices are low to moderate ) but they also have appliances , toys , clothes , art , ... think of a goodwill on steroids and with some brand new stuff to boot ! what 's really cool is the extra discounts . unless it says specifically no discounts , what happens is when you go to pay you get to reach into a bowl and blindly pick a discount chip . we score 10 % off a chair we would have gladly paid 50 % more for ! staff is great ! very friendly , very helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the housewares are overpriced as are the clothes . but the furniture is adequately priced . they 've got a budget furniture section towards the back . the delivery charges are a little excessive especially when they only deliver to the curb and wo n't carry in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i know its charity , but the store was way quiet , and when i looked at the prices it was obvious why . way too expensive", "score": "1"}
{"review": "used to be nice and now the entire place smells like b.o . it was disgusting . also the prices on used furniture are ridiculous . i 'll keep looking on craigslist .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm sure that this business is very competent and i have no reason to doubt that they are based on the serviceman i met last week . my issue with sullivan is the prices ! our pump went bad on our boiler and we called sullivan based on a friend 's recommendation . the part is around $ 150 and the job takes less than an hour 's time . sullivan quoted us $ 1600 after the guy was already in my basement and working on the heater . when we balked at the price , he dropped it to $ 600 with a `` lesser '' warranty on the part . the whole boiler costs $ 1,500 to replace . i thanked them for their time , paid the consultation fee and called another plumber .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we found sullivan service on angies list . wife and i just bought a house here in pittsburgh that needed a lot of work . we called sullivan to give us an estimate on replacing the main stack in the house as it was leaking . some one came over the next day to give us an estimate and give us our options . the estimate seemed fair and told them to go ahead . brandon and his crew came over and tore up the basement were the stack is and replaced it from the sewer line all the way to the first floor . then i decided to also have all the water lines in the entire basement replaced as most of the valves were corroded and did not shut off , some were even leaking . brandon and his crew did amazing work and worked very clean . we will be using them to replace our heating and cooling system as soon as our basement is repaired . i highly recommend sullivan for all your plumbing and heating and cooling needs . brandon and his crew did amazing work and were very professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sullivan is not the place to go if you are looking for a fair price , an itemized bill to know what you are paying for or a completed job that has no overlooked missing parts !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we called for an estimate and they were unprofessional , and very rude . i recommend finding another plumber with a better reputation .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "having interior sewer issues and asked sullivan to come out for a second opinion . matt arrived on time and was incredibly helpful . he asked a lot of questions to really understand the issues and then provided quotes for a few options , including one i had n't thought of . very professional and definitely a good representative of the company . the quote was higher than one i 've received elsewhere but the professionalism may still get them my business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just moved to pittsburgh and going through the anxiety of finding reliable contractors and repair services . i hit the jackpot with sullivan super service . i 've had them out twice for different issues ; technicians are very knowledgeable and friendly , and work professionally and neatly . no annoying attempts to sell you services you do n't need but pointed out some issues that i might want to consider addressing in the future . also very flexible in working with my difficult schedule . both bob a and brandon are great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "glen was the best ! he was super nice , very professional and he totally knows his stuff ! my husband and i are so happy and comfortable with our new central air system . i highly recommend sullivan for quality work and great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly and good service . came the day i called . 4 hour job . told me i could shower before the caulk was cured . lost a star for that . i called the next morning and they came back around noon and fixed it . so kudos on the customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a waterline break at our condo and since we have used sullivan 's before i called the office and maureen was very helpful . the break was taken care of in a timely manner everything neatly put back in place . rory explained everything to us , everyone at sullivan 's are very professional if we have anymore problems with heating , plumbing or cooling we will always deal with sullivan 's ! a family owned business ! thanks again maureen , rory , brad and jess !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tonight , we came home to frozen pipes in our squirrelhill townhouse . it was , needless to say , a rather major inconvenience problem . luckily , i gave sullivan a call after someone at southside plumbing hung up on me , and there were some squirrelhill plumber that was n't able to help me . i made a call at 4:30 and spoke with amy , at sullivan , and she was able to schedule us this evening . our service man plumber arrived in the early evening and was able , with quite a bit of time , to clear to freeze in the service line . it took about 2 1 2 hours and once it was done , we were very relieved . if it was n't going to work , we would 've had to call a welding company to do it for us . we 're very thankful that we got this done in short time and with very minimal inconvenience to our family . although it was not cheap , it was done properly and i will say that brandon was a very nice man and very diligent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly and professional . i like how they wear shoe covers in my house . they do a good job scheduling and notifying you ahead of your appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called for an arrangement for pickup , told the person who took my order that i would be able to pick the arrangement up at 5:30pm . she asked if i could get there any earlier , i said i would try my best , but i work until 5pm , so maybe not . she said ok. comes to be 5pm and i get a call from a guy at the shop asking where i was ! the lady who took my order wrote down that i 'd be there at 5pm . i explained that i never said that and picked the arrangement up a little before 5:30pm . arrangement was just ok . i specifically wanted a lot of orange flowers , which they did , but they added strange colors with the orange ... and some of the flowers were already a little wilted . even though the location is convenient , i will probably go elsewhere for a flower order next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was looking for a florist to deliver flowers for me as i live in texas and cindy esser 's had the best floral website i have ever seen . it was so easy to work with and order . i also , just recently , went into their store and the staff was fantastic . these guys know their stuff and do great work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this for the first time . not a favorite . the don pizza extra lg was under cooked toward the center . the meatball topping was hard and tasted old and dried up . peppers and onions are cut big , which is ok if you like lg chucks of crunchy veggies . it was supposed to have sausage but i did n't see any . the dough was browned on the bottom , almost too much considering the points were floppy and raw-ish and it was a dry salty texture . the slices were cut very unevenly . we also tried the wings which were big and meaty but they are not cooked to a crispy skin its a rubbery skin . the two sauces we tried teriyaki was tasty and a light brown and the garlic butter was good too . both were extremely mild . probably wo n't be back . lots of better choices in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just had a sausage pizza last week ! delicious ! been visiting this place since it was tiffe 's pizza back in the day . have yet to have a bad experience in all my years . prices are still good and quality is top notch . do n't live nearby any longer but when i 'm in the area it is always a stop i have to make !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the saltiest pizza i have ever eaten . bought a large pepperoni pizza and my girlfriend and i had one piece each . it is tough for me to dislike a pizza , this is nearly inedible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite pizza places ! they have great pizza and wings and it 's more reasonably priced than most other places . paisano 's represents one of the best values in town ! they also have very good pasta and sandwiches . plus , during lent , they have a very reasonably priced all you can eat fish fry ( $ 7.99 - dine in only ) . the only thing keeping this from being 5 stars is that i was unaware that their large pizzas are most other places medium size and the restaurant does n't have air conditioning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used them to cater my children 's baptism and everything was wonderful ! they came and set up plus brought the pop and beer . very reasonable for wonderful home cooked food ! our guests raved about it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has been my go-to pizza parlor for a couple years now . they have a great special that they run all year for about $ 25 that includes 2 pizzas , an order of wings , and a 2 liter . love their food and the family atmosphere ... even tried a couple of their home-made pies and they were delicious . if the indians are playing you can count on hearing seeing glimpses of the game . they do n't have a fancy dining room but they deliver on everything i could ask for when my family is in the mood for pizza . thumbs up from me ... try them out , you wo n't be disappointed . their slogan `` ridiculously delicious '' is on point ... i love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best traditional pizza in this area ! i would give 5 stars if they had a better dining room . we order from there at least once twice a month !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just moved to this side of town 3 months ago . i 'm not even a huge fan of pizza , but i crave this stuff ! ! their pizza is by far the best pizza in the area ! the sizes run on the smaller side but they make that up with heaping toppings ! they even have to go beer ! love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1 . my carne asada was grilled , hard tortilla , dry , just nasty . 2 . i paid 5.50 for it ! : 3 . salsa did n't help much", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mr burrito moved into salsitas . drove in to get my usual breakfast burritos . got a shock at the window , the prices doubled ! ! then after waiting 15 minutes . the glazed girl at the window forgot half my order and gave me the `` what are you talking about look '' she mentioned a new owner and then i got worried . i got fuzzy scorched eggs with a tiny amount of meat . no cheese no nada ! their salsa is nasty . nothing worse then scorched eggs . twice the cost and bad food . such a deal . back to filibertos !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just another of many cheap ass places to get overpriced kinda mexican food the owner said it was the same family owned as salsitas as if that was going to help as i tried salsitas and i would much rather go to taco bell . well this is the first of a new franchise the owner said hope its the last where 's the real food anywho he left me talking to myself .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i stumbled across this restaurant when looking for food on a sunday . nothing was open nearby but this mexican restaurant so i thought i 'd give it a try . i ordered a chimichanga meal which was very large and filling . the food was very good for the money ( $ 7 ) and the lady server was very nice . there are tvs in the restaurant but none of them were working at the time . if you want a quick bite of mexican food , come here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ever since i 've tried sugaring , i prefer it to waxing . it is much more natural than wax , and i find it less painful . sugarmoon gets 5 stars all-around for their cleanliness , wonderfully skilled aestheticians , cute decor , affinity towards natural products , and consistently friendly , exceptional service . and i love this new location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had the most soothing and relaxing facial with cailey . this is definitely my go to place for skincare from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . i gave sugarmoon a second try , and it was like night and day . college st location this time , and kayleigh was my sugar fairy - sooooo sooooo sooooo much better than my last appt ! kayleigh is a total pro , excellent communication and consultative approach , solid attention to detail . fixed me up real nice , the shape is so much cuter ! my goods look good , and i really appreciated kayleigh 's attention to my sensitive skin needs . kayleigh - i apologize if i accidently called you hayley . thanks also to owner paola for quick response to my previous concerns . five stars all the way , i 'm a sugar convert . see you ladies again in 4-6 weeks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first experience at sugar moon was great with the small exception that i had no idea where it was and when i phoned for directions no one answered the phone . that being said the services were excellent and i will be back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not going back to hard wax . nope . i refuse . wo n't do it after getting sugared here ! the location is convenient , great decor , staff are quite friendly and cailey is awesome ! minimal discomfort compared to traditional hard wax used in brazil . love this place and will be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after going here i will never go anywhere else for hair removal ! the whole process was quick and relatively painless . rooms and reception area were well decorated and clean . caleigh was absolutely amazing and was very accommodating . i would highly recommend this place to everyone ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is such a great find ! love it ! the staff are super friendly and very helpful . had a facial with ashley and allison did my brows . both experiences were awesome ! love the products that they use and after trying sugaring- i do n't think can go back to regular waxing now ! looking forward to trying their st. tropez spray tan : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "allison is great ! very chatty , great conversation the entire appointment . does an excellent job at distracting from the mistake that is waxing lol . would definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the prices are ok , but i 've been to this store numerous times and i 've never been greeted , not a smile , not a hello , not a thank you , nothing . cashiers always look miserable and today was the final straw for me . never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what an incredible store . by far the best prices in the city for health foods . i shop there every week . the place is jammed with stuff and there is n't much room to walk around . we call it the skinny store because you need to be skinny to get around in it . almost everything you want to buy in a health food store is significantly cheaper in this place . i 've shopped at all the other big ones in the city . worth a trip to the west end .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best health food store ever ! i have been going to this store for on and off for 30 years . they have everything , things that most other stores do n't have . their prices are great , less expensive than loblaws and even nofrills for the same item . they have sheep 's milk yogurt . they have unrefined sea salt ( the best ! ) . they have goat 's milk yogurt for the same price or less than cow 's milk yogurt at other stores . and these are specialty items that are hard to find . the staff is extremely knowledgeable . the store is so packed with stock that the space to walk in is very tight , but i gladly endure that for the perks this place offers . in fact , this downside is so small compared to the upsides that i give it 5 stars ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place so so so so so much ! i come here at least twice a week to pick up health food stuff , many of which include regular grocery items ( dairy , breads , snacks , tofu , etc ) . i 've been to many health food stores in the city , and by far , foods for life has the best prices i have seen anywhere in toronto . they are unmatched ! only downside is that they do n't accept credit cards , and the store is quite small and cramped all the time . it 's all good though- the service is always friendly , and i never think have to think twice about where to get my health goodies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is amazing ! they have everything in stock and their prices are the best in the city . the down side is that they 're closed on sundays and also their store is very small with narrow aisles . it can get very crowded on a saturday , so you have to be patient . they take debit cards , but no credit cards . but trust me their prices are really really good ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the best prices and selection in the city . obviously . many of you know it , as the store is usually packed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this the most inexpensive store for supplements . it has great alternative food options as well . love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my absolute favorite health food store . the prices here beat any of the other places i 've checked around the city ( i 've checked many . ) on average at least $ 2+ cheaper for the items i usually buy . it 's tight , but that does n't bother me . i live nearby at the moment but will be moving soon and will make the trip back because it is worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous store ( very packed ! ) , but they seem to have everything ! very knowledgeable staff too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! if you are looking for health food ( supplements , organic food , vegan food ) this place is the bargoon mecca . yes , it is perennially crowded , but there is a reason for that ! i`ve also been able to find some obscure oils ( e.g . pumpkin seed oil , avocado oil ) here which are great . limited selection of fresh fruits and vegetables . no credit cards , booerns .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "more than just a health store , this is literally the best food store i 've been to and i 've been going there for over 20 years . they have the best prices anywhere and that includes the large chains . and the selection is superb . the staff knows what they are selling , the ingredients , can compare different brands for what you need , and they can even order some things for you in large quantity . it is sometimes crowded but there is a good reason for that . they have a lot of repeat customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes they may be cheaper than others , but a horrible shopping experience ... ... ..so crowded , dingy , the staff are incredibly rude ( and this is my 7th time going , diff people -- same 'tude , so its the store culture ... ... ..line ups ridiculous , peachtree -- 2 blocks away is a dream and so much nicer in terms of the shopping experience", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the worlds best beers sierra nevada on draft has arrived at the waterloo bistro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is great here . it 's a busy restaurant on the outskirts of haddington city centre , but the staff do n't let you know it . full to the brim , we were sent to be seated in the chilly bar area . less than 10mins later , we 're invited back into the restaurant area after a table has been vacated . our order taken , drinks presented and we 're escorted through as soon as it is free . sadly , the food was n't that impressive . my bruschetta starter was tasty , but my main of linguine with king prawns , spinach and pernod was curiously flat . the boy 's lattice of salmon and haddock was equally lacking in flavour . which was a shame , and by the time we were through with our generous portions , we were too full for pudding . perhaps some work on the food itself and this place will be a blinder . everything else would encourage me to go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always great service ! the food is brilliant and the cocktails well they are a must try . a lovely walk along the river to.. thank you waterloo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "late night at 2 am or is it early morning ? ... pho hoang kim is the only pho place in the rh area still opens ! we ordered pho and bun bo hue with no expectation and both were good . i do n't mind coming back again for a hot bowl of noodle after last call on weekend since they opens till 5 am ! ! ? seriously , one of the best drunk food at an affordable price ! extra stars for staying open so late ... ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this viet joint has replace the xe lua that moved out to bayview and major mackenzie . the quality of food from then to now has dropped slightly , however the quantity and pricing still mean that it is an affordable late lunch early dinner . they provide the option of thick or thin noodles for the pho , but they seemed to provide a random mix for the bun dish . definitely do not come here expecting gourmet viet food , but if you are looking for a quiet meal this is the place to go . judging from past reviews it sounds as if they have improved slightly , which is always a good sign . they moved to proper tea cups and they have improved their plating time . still no lunch specials though = (", "score": "2"}
{"review": "beware ! ! ! ! ! ! this company is horrible ! ! ! ! ! ! today sonora desert landscaping was cleaning our neighbor 's yard . in the process they stirred up a volcano of leaves , dirt , and other debris . our yard looked as if it had been showered with a monsoon of filth . our pool , which had been cleaned professionally yesterday , took the worst of it . my husband called the owner to ask that he clean up the horrendous mess his crew had made . the owner replied , `` do n't start with me ! take me to court ! hire a lawyer ! '' the owner then hung up on my husband . is this acceptable business practice ? i think not ! in what was a beautiful manicured back yard , we now have a complete disaster . common courtesy would dictate that the one who made the mess should be responsible for cleaning it up . do not use this company ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just ca n't imagine that the owner responded to the other woman 's review as she stated . i 've personally not used them but a client of mine did that needed major cleanup front and backyard including very large trees . the day before i listed the home i was sweating thinking she would not pay to get the work done needed to sell the home . not only did she call sonora desert landscaping , they did an exceptional job both front and back , worked their `` tails off '' ( as she put it ) and the home sold the next day . price was extremely competitive and she said the owner and the workers were very friendly . i do know there is a company out there with very a similar name . maybe that 's who she was referring to . kudo 's to sonora desert landscaping !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not use . used for a while but work is spotty and when you call to mention something that did n't get done , the owner blames his son . or the other workman . then i could not get him to return my phone calls . i was only asking them to do the things we had agreed upon . nothing more .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had work done on my trailer here , you an tell it is corporate but the service is good . the only issue i had this first time was they took longer than expected to complete the work but it was due to an unexpected problem they ran into after starting the repairs on my trailer . this place is huge and is right off of the frontage road of i-17 near dunlap . they are close to my office and i use several trailers and they offered to take my credit card to keep on file for future repairs . this helps me out a lot and i hope we can build a great business partnership with future repairs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "place sucks stood in the office for 10 min not a single person said shit to me ... worst customer service ever", "score": "1"}
{"review": "buying a trailer from trailer + was a great experience they were helpful set up the trailer the way i wanted to and i 'm very happy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sold me trailer with all kinds of problems fenders fell off to a bent axle wearing my tires uneven . they order a new axle and told me i had install it or pay them . my wife was in hospital when axle came in . they held it for couple weeks then ship it back with no remorse for my situation after explaining what was going on and i only needed another week now couple months later my leaf spring snaps in half maybe 500 lbs total ever hauled in this trailer . this company sells garbage trailers with horrible customer service . they wo n't fix issues even tho they sell trailers with a full warranty . do your self a favor and go to another business if your looking buy a nice trailer with no problems", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here to look for a trailer . the place is closed to the public except by appointment only 5 days out of the week and closed the other 2 . saw people walking around and would n't even take the time to talk to me through the fence . info about appointment only would be nice on web site . took my business else where .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a bad pie . hoagies are bumpin ' as well . get like an 18 inch hoagie for 11 bucks or something . delivery girl is hot as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have ordered from here twice n both times it was excellent . highly recommended . also , the location has changed , it is now near the lower burrell plaza across from the around back ( original location as they are in the process of moving )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my kids and i loved the pizza and cheesesticks . i ate some leftovers for breakfast and the leftovers tasted good too . def would go back . very polite staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thadd is the best always looking out for his vustomes.. jazzy has it down and is always all the ball ... never have i ever had anything bad come from here my whole family loves it.. not to mention he made the best hogies for my pregnant best fran . i will always be a patron no matter where they move to . keep up the good work best pizza in tow hands down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the location has moved to lower burrell and i have to say it is the best pizza around . we got the `` master '' pizza and it was delicious ! i also got a side salad which also was good . my husband got the italian hoagie and he really enjoyed it . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got my flu shot here last month ! it was a ( relatively ) easy and painless experience . we were helped immediately by one of the pharmacists . there was quite the paperwork prep work because we had a corporate rebate for a free flu shot . our pharmacist was friendly and patient . the store is clean and well laid out . great location near aj 's . will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is for the pharmacy staff , they are the worst i have ever had in my entire life . the staff in the store part are great . the pharmacy staff are the worst ! i was sick went there to get my prescription and they were totally unprofessional a real batch of losers . i have never in my life bothered to leave a review for a drug store but this place deserves it . i have been a customer of walgreens for 17 years and decided to try this one since it is closer to my new house , what a mistake . horrible horrible horrible do not get your medications from these jerks . regular part of the store totally fine .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there is something wrong with the pharmacy personnel here . they very literally are abusive to their clientele . i wish i could express genuinely how many fights , raised voices and people crying i have witnessed here , from teens to elderly , they are just awful . my pharmacy warned me about this location when i was forced to leave for insurance reasons but i did not think they were serious . i obviously no longer go here and hope others will skip it . i can not speak to other walgreens locations , i switched to a supermarket chain . the normal store and staff were always nice and helpful enough .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was treated so horribly by susan from cosmetics . unless you like poor customer service , a management team that does n't return a call and a totally disorganized store , then i would suggest this is your place . if you do n't . stay clear .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to pick up migraine medication today at this walgreens location . the pharmacy tech said my insurance would not cover it . there was a lot of confusion about me buying just one tablet of the medication . i called my insurer united healthcare who could not have been more helpful . i passed my phone to the pharmacist susan . she was rude and interruptive and spoke over my person from united . in the end we figured out the problem with no help of susan the pharmacist from walgreens . there is a cvs across the street to the south by the aj 's stay clear of walgreens ! ! ! ! very poor and unacceptable conduct .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so . slow . every . time ! i do n't know if it 's just my luck , or if the slowest cashier on earth really does work 24 7 at the register .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service in the pharmacy . they clearly hate their jobs here . need to find another pharmacy that services tricare..so rude soooo slow..i wait in drive thru for up to 20 minutes then told i have to come into drug store as they had internal problems . then wait another 20 minutes . every time i come here it 's a fiasco", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is for the pharmacy staff . i went to get medication filled and two of the employees were so terrible to me i left in tears . they were talking loudly about my medical history for anyone in the radius to hear , and were making terrible comments while i sat there . please ensure your employees are n't being blatantly disrespectful to or about customers . their role is to be trustworthy and respect that a person and their doctor made a decision together about a medication , while understanding that talking at the checkout line loudly for others to hear can easily violate hippa regulations . one nice thing , the male employee in the pharmacy was very kind to me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my seven year old missed out on getting a flu shot in november due to lack of time , being sick , and our pediatrician ran out of the vaccine . target no longer does children under the age of 9 so i was in a pinch . we went to walgreens pharmacy and the staff that set us up down to joan ( who gave the injection ) were awesome . joan told my little 7 year old everything she was doing with so much compassion and patience . i 've never seen my daughter more calm to get a shot . i might even go so far as to say she was better than my pediatrician 's office . completely unexpected compassion and pleasant surprise for a last minute decision to get my daughter 's flu shot there . a+ treatment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware when purchasing sale items . the staff deliberately forget to apply the discount , and when asked why not , they treat you with little respect . check your receipt carefully !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "normally i like ross but not this location . the store is always in shambles , the staff is disinterested and rude . there is a security gaurd who looks like he 's gon na beat someone with a billy club at any second . worst of all the dressing rooms have an overwhelming smell of urine . gross . do yourself a favor and keep on driving another half mile to kohls . comprable prices way better store and customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love ross as long as i go first thing when it opens . i have always found great deals . the only downside is when it gets busy ( which is almost all the time ) and in the evening i can only describe it as chaos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "selection isnt the greatest and that speaks for the staff as well . the rent a cop takes his job a little too seriously .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came in after a spring training game in the hopes of locating a very specific item . alas , they did n't have what i was looking for , and the store was in such disarray , i did n't feel like digging around it the chaos to try and find it . i understand that ross is probably the worst of all the discount stores , but for any place to be in such shambles , just does n't make sense to me . i wont be back to this location for sure . sorry ross", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i expected better deals at a place like this . it 's kind of ghetto and the lines are long .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always have nice clothes and a good price . can always seem to find what i 'm looking for when i go there . definitely a place to shop at with great deals all the time", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i usually have great luck when i come to this ross but since it is after x ma 's much of the good stuff was taken . oh well let 's see if the one on happy valley has a better selection", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i usually avoid this ross , especially on weekends ... but a situation came up and we ended up at ross ... not a very good selection , usually poorly organized and under stocked on women 's clothes & shoes . nice employees though !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrible discount store . lines are always long . the fake cop is always watching you . employees are rude here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's hit it miss at this store . i like to look for cute kitchen things at a reasonable price . store is n't the cleanest , but it 's better than a swap meet or being outdoors in the az heat . bathrooms always stink and dirty ... people have always been friendly at this store . wish they had more gym selections as well as better watch selections . like i said it is hit or miss . you can literally waste an hour or two in this store like nothing lol . even if you 're just browsing . ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just used green planet cleaning for a general , first-time-in-a-long-time cleaning . they were recommended by my neighbors . totally positive experience . excellent contact and coordinator with the owner . the price was quite reasonable for the amount of work . the crew arrived within the agreed-upon time frame . they were pleasant , thorough and efficient , and did all that i asked for and a little more ! a major plus is that when i have them back again , i will likely have the same crew ( that 's the case with my neighbors , who use this service for their regular house cleaning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "green planet has helped me reclaim my weekends . they do an excellent job and work with expediency and integrity . they clean things you never considered ( inside of microwave , ceiling fans , grout , under the vanities , ) , they make your bed , and they do floors and clean glass entrances . they 're also very kind to my dogs . definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the job they do is simply great ! the communication beside the great work is amazing ! david is extremely helpful and accommodating ! he is great at working around your schedule and confirming what will exactly happen . they always leave a detailed note when they are finished and i look forward to their comments when i get home . everyone is very easy to work with and i could not feel more comfortable with them being in my home . best cleaner i have every had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very competent teams of cleaners and the owner manager has an awesome temperment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really like green planet cleaning . i shopped around quotes with about 5 groups , and david had them all beat . the team is thorough , and , with advance notice , david is flexible with rescheduling . i 'd definitely recommend this group .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some friends gave us the gift of a house cleaning service while i am recovering from surgery ( amazing friends , i know ) . green planet was their choice since we wanted a service that did not use chemicals . their coordinator , david was friendly and reliable . the cleaners came for the first time today . they had to clean around me since i am still mostly confined to my bed . they were prompt , quick , fairly quiet , and did a fantastic job on the house . i do n't think it has ever been this clean . it takes a load off my mind not to worry about my house being a disaster while i am unable to clean it . i would recommend them to anyone looking for this service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could comment on the cleaning but due to complications we were not able to ever get them in house . david was very nice when we were able to get a hold of him . we had less than 24hrs notice of a scheduling change and could not accommodate the one option we were given . then when i attempted to get a hold of him to work out other options , he did not respond ( until two hours before the originally scheduled service time ) . we 're sad communication was so poor and wish it could 've worked out . we 've heard great things about the service , and when we were able to get a hold of david he was very nice !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we 've been using green planet cleaning for a couple months now and have been extremely pleased with their service . the price is very fair and they do a great job & they do it quickly . i ca n't complain . we 'll be staying on their biweekly service for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have now used green planet cleaning for a few months ; the service has been wonderful . the company is very responsive , accountable , and professional in our experience . the cleaning crews have been very prompt , courteous , sincere , and effective . we have had two different cleaning crews , gabby , and lulu ; it has been a very pleasant experience to work with them . they seem engaged and eager to be successful . i have been impressed with their work ethic and their personal attention . kudos to david , and company , for producing a fabulous product .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the resort is nice however i have experienced some disatisfiers i . the free internet is a job . you can get to a google site but once you perform a search ... it never results in anything . 2 . the rooms were built in the early 90s . they are kinda old looking ... bathroom is super small.also try to get a room close to an elevator because the room.can be a mile from the elevator . long long walk away ... 3 . the food is delicious . i requested a vegan diet and the meal were decent . however the normal meal were sooooo much better !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stayed in this hotel for 4 nights during the christmas week . i had my family with me . one of my kids is 3 years old and needs a bottle of milk every night before sleep . when i asked if i can warm up his milk in the hotel somewhere i was told i was not allowed to warm up my own food anywhere in the hotel . the room service can bring a glass of warm milk for an exorbitant amount of money . they provided no microwave in the room . i had no option . the nearest 7 eleven any store is 5 miles away . i prepaid for my hotel in expedia or else i would have checked out . they still charged me 25 night resort fee on top of the room charge . it was ridiculous . hotel staff is pretty rude and they do not get the problem . very disappointed . i would never recommend this hotel to someone who has family .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would give zero stars if i could . they kicked out the wounded warriors group who had reservations for this weekend because another group paid more money than them to stay at the hotel shame on you for treating our veterans this way . great appreciation for our troops westin . where are your morals and values ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thank you guys for making my birthday trip phenomenal for the second year in a row . my fianc\u00e9 surprised me by booking a room here for a staycation knowing how much i love relaxing at your pool . marianna was amazing at check in acknowledging our special occasion and sending us some champagne to enjoy . we love your pool . perfect temperature . service is awesome . we love that the hot tub is open till 10:00 pm . we had the chance to enjoy it this time around : ) we also enjoyed rick 's cafe as well as arabesque . everything was clean and service was efficient . we will be staying with you soon i hope !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our special quick getaway place . we love it here . love spending holidays here . great staff . always stay in our special suite . room service breakfast is the best ! ! ! christmas day brunch is family tradition now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful resort ! we had the opportunity to have a little 'staycation ' driving up here during the week seemed like it was a little bit of a ghost town ... but it did pick up on the weekend . the doormen , concierge and desk associates were all great . they were so hospitable to make your stay wonderful . checking in was quick and easy . the lady helping us was very polite and welcoming . she gave us some great recommendations for dining while in the area . the room was clean with starbucks coffee for your coffee maker , refrigerator and safe . the beds were very comfy ! they also have 2 large pools ~ one adult and one for kids with a water slide . unfortunately during the week the adult pool was closed so everyone was in the other pool . it was confusing because they still had a life guard at the closed pool . another nice feature was the lagoon near the pool area with sunbathing chairs in the sand . lovely ! this is a great place to stay and thoroughly enjoyed our stay !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was disappointed by this hotel and would n't come back here . firstly , i feel like i was mislead by the receptionist when i called in to reserve a room . the way the person quoted the total amount sounded like it was the total amount , however they add a resort tax or fee at the end . the working was definitely misleading . if a business can not be honest with its customers , they will not trust you and wo n't come back . secondly , the room was in a pretty bad shape . the carpet was spotty , the curtains had holes in them , the bed was uncomfortable and the lastly the plumbing was really loud . it kept making a popping noise preventing us from sleeping . my girlfriend and i barely slept and woke up tired and annoyed . in las vegas there are so many hotels that are way nicer that i do n't understand how they are still in business .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "such a great location for a staycation ! i visited the hotel when a friend was indulging in said staycation . it did feel like being on a real vacation from las vegas ! we enjoyed spending time in the pool and inside for a bit at the lobby bar . the property is lovely , and i 'm very fond of the outdoor seating areas with the spouting turtles and waterfalls that overlook the lake and sandy `` beach '' . the pool is also quite large , making this the perfect locale for a summer staycation ! multiple restaurants include the award winning marssa , a cafe and `` beach '' grill . the property started out i believe as a hyatt ( then loews ) and had a moroccan theme which has persevered to this day . it 's quite lovely , and the addition of stand up paddle boarding , kayaks , etc . is a very nice amenity ! i saw the fireworks for the 4th here once or twice and also for new year 's and i highly recommend partaking in that as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pros : beautiful property in an amazing setting . really like the moroccan decor . super comfy hotel room . free shuttle to casino & the village . cons : the service ... .everywhere ! purchased a travelzoo voucher and had to call 4 different times until an employee knew how to book a room with it . out of items at the pool bar & slow . ridiculously bad waitstaff at ricks , disappearing servers , 30 min waits for water & coffee refills , just bad . service really is unacceptable for a place like the westin .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here with a group of friends and only the worst came . my friend booked a room two weeks ago and then confirmed yesterday that the room was valid . here is the result . we showed up . we 're told our room ( that our friend confirmed last night ) was sold to another customer . they offered us a lesser room ( seriously a lesser room ! ? ) that was not sufficient for our needs , when we told them that would n't work the manager ( ester . she wouldnt give us here name ) was extremely unhelpful . could n't believe this from a westin . if i could give zero stars i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok i was there this past weekend . the weather was perfect for outdoor activities . if you are a smoker and are a party animal this place is not for you ! if you are looking for a place to relax this is it . the view was amazing and the staff was always attentive , great . they have free shuttle to the strip ; latest pick up was 11:45pm ( not bad if you are n't into the gambling world ) the hotel was wonderful , everything from the rooms to the restaurants . the free kayaking , paddle boats , basketball , heated pools , and jacuzzi fantastic ! the cable channels were perfect to me : cartoons , food channel , some movie channels , sports , news . what else do you need ! ? this is not a movie theater people ! my favorite part was the lake ! ( i went kayaking by myself without prior experience : d ) the cons : sadly , the bed was not comfortable . but i think some more expensive and real `` heavenly '' made material bed sheets could fix that ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the westin is a great chain hotel and this one out in the sticks of henderson , a city by vegas , and close to lake mead is a good hotel . one of my lifetime friends brought me here to show me around . it 's a beautiful hotel . they have a man-made pond and there are shops nearby , outside of the hotel . besides a pool , spa and golf , there are n't any other amenities . however , the peace and quiet to just visit with a friend and have drinks was lovely . there is a lot of outdoor seating that is really comfortable with firepits to keep warm . my friend told me that they have concerts out on the floating stage on the `` lake . '' be prepared for a 30-45 minute drive from the airport or longer to get to the strip . this hotel is away from the normal bustle of tourism and if you like a quieter pace , like me , this is for you . large parking garage that was more than half empty when we were there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i stayed at the westin lake las vegas and we absolutely loved it . although it is currently under renovation , the service is still wonderful . the main entrance was spectacular and i can only imagine how it would be upon completion . jonathan , the hotel receptionist , was very kind , professional and accommodating to us . he made sure we had a pleasant stay . thanks jonathan ! ! ! the swimming pool was wonderful with nice cool waters on a hot summer day . we loved this location and looking forward to out next stay when we will be in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "could not have had a better experience . the staff from top to bottom is beyond warm and friendly . the hotel is beautiful , very clean , food was good and there is a lot of things to do here . i 'm sorry to say that we came here after we were turned away at the hilton down the road for a stupid booking error ( do not go there unless your ready for their staff to treat you like dirt , one of the front desk ladies stuck her hand in my mothers face ) so we came under unfortunate circumstances but they turned a horrible evening into a fantastic one . it really was nice . thank you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the westin lake lake las vegas resort & spa property is really nice and it has all the bells and whistles of a 5 star resort . my experience was just okay because it did not have the wow factor , the customer service was just average at best- the room was generally clean but there were stains on the carpet and some unknown `` guk '' on the remote and the room the cable kept going in and out . the poolside service was horrible . also what pool closes at 6pm when it is 88 degrees outside and sunny ? ? ? it appears as if the resort is ran like a casino , you pay and role the dice ! ! ! hopefully a good management team witll come in and fix it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this review is for the spa only . it 's a fab property that i 've enjoyed coming to for years ... unfortunately this place is pretty dead lately and the staff are not friendly . my masseuses have all been good but nail techs not so much . if they are struggling for clients they need to up the ante and make it a great experience worth the drive . also , the pool was closed due to it being a weekday ( so we could n't use the full spa amenities , which is why we go ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we got off to a rocky start but after a few phone calls we got it straightened out , there are multiple different rates and specials . check priceline , check yelp , and yes check their website because that is where i found the best rate . we got a great room with a lake view and the breakfast buffet at ricks is more than you can possibly eat . the property has a lot of fun things to do for kids or adults ... paddle boats , kayaks , bicycles . ride your bikes to the village , it 's adorable and it has some good restaurants . we enjoyed the great hiking at valley of fire and red rock canyon during our stay . staff is attentive , cheerful and polite . we had a great time , thanks ! ps you need to clean inside the nightstand drawers", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this hotel is a great alternative when visiting las vegas . it 's 30 minutes away from the strip so a car is recommended if you 're wanting to gamble . we decided to stay here because we are n't big gamblers and we thought it would be a good time for a quiet getaway . it 's definitely a perfect retreat , and my husband and i enjoyed our time away from the rat race . pros : free kayak rentals , short walk to the village , 3 restaurants , great view of the lake for sunsets , free cable , free wifi cons : expensive restaurant prices , $ 25 resort fee per night you stay ( they charge after you check out ) side note : this place is a great gathering place for family reunions or as a wedding venue . if i lived in vegas , this place and the hilton next door would be a contender for a wedding venue .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "spent my fathers day weekend here with the family ... . what can i say ... wow ! ! ! my girls went kayaking and paddle boarding . the pool side service was awesome . the cabana and poolside dj were great . the food , the beach party , the live band , the lounge , the water slide ... lol where do i stop ? it was all awesome ! ! ! lol ... even the valet guys were extremely attentive . what can i say ... do n't hesitate , this is a great place . enjoy ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this hotel is next to lake las vegas it 's a beautiful view of the lake . we were at a cabana all day by the pool . they have a water slide volleyball basketball and plenty of other games as well as a sand castle great for families . laid back atmosphere very different from the strip hotels . the service was good as well . i recommend the pool and getting a cabana for the day", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful hotel and landscape . at night they have several firepits burning around the lake . it 's a very peaceful and tranquil atmosphere . you can just relax by the fire and gaze off into the night sky while enjoying a cigar or cocktail . during the day you can also paddle around the lake in a canoe or kayak . the rooms are spacious and clean on par for most westin hotels . it is a hike from most of the entertainment in las vegas but a great place to go if you just want to get away from it all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a lovely escape from everyday lv . i did n't think the room was very fabulous but the entire resort itself is amazing ! i suggest going to the togo caf\u00e9 and grabbing breakfast and eat on the amazing terrace that overlooks the lake and sit on the comfy couches outside . the very cool lounge inside that has great views of the lake as well is a great area to read a book and stretch out on the velvety couches . the massages were very relaxing . the cabanas are great to lounge by the pool and we loved the pool side food and drink service that we had in our cabana . grab the groupon for the cabanas in the summer . parking is adjacent so no need to valet . and the service was stellar ! i appreciated the courteous reception desk and everyone else i encountered along the stay ... will be back on a regular basis . good deal for the locals price for a quick getaway .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "never staying here again . rooms are being remodeled , one room was extremely dusty along with consistent noise from construction which does n't work out well when you have a 2 year old trying to sleep .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we came here for our 1 year wedding anniversary . and wow was it amazing ! i ca n't believe this place is located right outside of vegas ! the resort is beautiful ! the staff was friendly and helpful . the have activities for everyone to enjoy throughout the day . kayaking , corn holes , pools , etc . we want to plan another trip to come back . they have restaurants and bar on the resort so you do n't have to go anywhere to have a good time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife booked us here for a one nighter for a birthday . the hotel was beautiful with a moroccan design throughout . the room was spacious and clean . the bed was unbelievably soft and comfortable and the staff was amazingly accommodating and warm throughout . the only complaint was that the vending machines were either not working properly or empty . other than that lots of fun with beautiful accommodations . they also included a complimentary breakfast buffet for two which was great with lots of choices with an omelet bar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not stay here . it 's not safe and the staff ca n't be trusted . and absolutely do not bring anything of value . we had a laptop stolen and the westin completely handled it in an unprofessional manner . i am thoroughly disgusted and in utter disbelief of how they have treated me as a business professional that travels all the time . traveler buyer beware ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was just at this hotel last night . as a plat i was not thrilled with the hotel charging me a $ 22 resort fee either . i wonder who are the people in management that think something like this makes sense . i had a pretty mediocre meal in the cafe at night . when i went for my continental breakfast i found out that i was charged $ 4.00 for my orange juice which is not included since i had coffee . you must be kidding me . one thing that makes me unhappy is getting ripped off . i often go to pricey places but i always seem to find value in my travels . when i see things like this , they dont make sense . plat is the highest status at spg . i did not get any room upgrade and the rooms are pretty ordinary there . the property is nicer looking than the rooms . the internet works very poor as noted by others .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "loved our experience at the westin . total surprise booked on hotwire and we had a wedding at lake mead . once we took a walk around on friday night and saw all the amenities , we decided to stay an extra day : ) loved the free kayaks , peddle boats and pool floaties , great touch ! personally , i liked the isolation and distance from the strip and lack of casino . it was family friendly but lot run down or overrun by kids . we loved the free and convenient parking too ! ! we 'll definitely be back , probably on a weekday because the crowd got a little `` party-ish '' on saturday night , no biggie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . this place is beautiful but very empty , no restaurants open and the staff is n't to friendly . we spent 2 hours looking for dinner and the `` town '' area is a ghost town . not worth it ! i would n't go back unless i brought my own food ! man we checked out within 2 hours of arriving . it 's my anniversary as well and i 'm super sad !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after a bad night with our 2 year old awake all night , woken up by drilling into the floor below . the sound was deafening at 9 am on a saturday morning . after arguing with us , the front desk offered a free breakfast for 2 of us ( not the entire family ) or to cancel our next night . no rooms available nearby if we did cancel . customer service was a joke . called several times and the phone rings 20 times with no answer . update - carlton i appreciate your response . however i was told the general manager would call me as i requested and he has not . thus addressing this passively on social media only reinforces the lack of commitment by your organization to actually addressing the issue . i suggest you have your gm call .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you guys suck ... made a reservation and the hotel sold my room.. did n't suggest a alternative room situation ... tried to accommodate me with a cabana at the pool for free then ended up trying to charge me for the cabana . not to mention that we called 2 hours prior to the check in time to confirm and we arrive they sold our room due high occupancy for a dance crew that comes every year . so giving that we booked through expedia and we paid they moved our reservation to a unsatisfying room given we requested to be walked over to a sister property but the manager `` esther '' reunited our request that this conversation is over and walked out on us while we were still talking ... unsatisfied", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i travel a lot and have never had worse service that i did on this overnight stay at the westin . check in was 4 pm , they finally had a room ready at 6:30 , we missed our dinner plans . i had called to speak to a manager , after several attempts she finally calls at 10:30 and offers us a $ 25 credit , something is better than nothing i suppose . i have called and left messages twice since i left ( i left a pair of sandals in the room ) , was told i would get a call back and have n't yet , that was 4 days ago . the poor front desk workers are left picking up the pieces and just say 'sorry ' over and over . i just get the feeling they are so big and busy they really do n't care about the individual .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a nice qetaway location out of las vegas . it is incredibly beautiful out there . not a bad view . the hotel itself was nice and did meet my expecations for the brand . nice little touches . just note there is not allot near by . so unless you are up for a ride into las vegas you are limited to your food and shopping choices . however the hotel does provide a free shuttle to the nearby village and you can schedule a shuttle to and from the strip . the one really sad part is that the area has been hit by the recession . there are so many closed buildings . the golf course is gone . this does not take away from the location too much but its sad to see . the food in the hotel is a bit pricey but the quality is ok . i think it is a bit over priced but what can you expect . just do n't order the creme brule . i definately woudl stay here again . it was a wonderful experience and the staff is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the birth year rate for second & third nights is unbelievable . you can book any room or even the best suite & only pay your birth year rate ( pay full price for the first night & only $ 57 if you were born in 1957 for 2nd & 3rd nights ) excellent value especially if you do n't mind being 20 miles from the strip but on a beautiful lake .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stayed here for a night just to see lake las vegas . the area is pretty quiet and dead . most of the village shops are closed so we did n't even bother going there . the hotel was pretty busy , but there is not much to do besides water activities outside . we did n't do that since it was way too hot , and the water looked brown and dirty . the hotel room itself is nice , and we were upgraded to a room facing the lake . we have stayed at many westin hotels , since we are spg members . this westin is by far the worst one . the bartenders at the arabesque lounge were helpful , but cold . the staff in general do not compare to the other westin hotels , and are not as friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "upon arriving the parking was very full . as expected for the 4 th of july . the gentleman at the front desk was very professional and polite . the lobby was clean and nice i had very high expectations heading to my room . after leaving the front desk and headed to my room the entire hallway smelled very bad . almost of sewage .we brought some food that needed to be kept cold but after arriving at our room the fridge was not working . and there were spiders in the corners of of our room . it is very dingy i 've stayed at the other two resorts at lake las vegas and they are both nice . the hilton and the monte alago .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this resort is amazing ! the view is amazing , and i think it 's great that kayaking and pedal boats are available to guests for free . that was the first thing we took advantage of right when we checked in . i read some reviews about bad service , but the only time i experienced that was with rick 's cafe , a restaurant in the hotel . ( that will be a separate review . ) so if there is some ownership relationship there , that would be the thing to work on : making sure all your employees represent the westin properly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this hotel so much i come her every summer with my kids i if very friendly they have nive rooms the only reason i give it a four ster is the they have a dirty lake but on the bright side they have a really cool polol with a water slide", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this hotel is a wonderful place to visit ! loved the whole place , rooms are nice , clean and roomy . the grounds are nice as well as the pools . the lake is a little grungy but still offers neat activities . definitely worth the extra drive from the city .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "can i give this place zero stars ? ! this place should be called the worsten inn not westin ! mgmt has zero consideration for their guest 's allowing a loud party with loud music late at night on both saturday & sunday ! had to complain twice ! could not sleep on both nights thanks to the loud pounding music coming from beneath our room . what a waste of our $ $ staying here . this was the worst stay at a resort ever ! boy were we glad to get the heck out ! mostly deserted , hardly any shops & only one restaurant open after 5pm on sunday . what a joke ! maid did n't even leave new coffee creamers & sugar . we will never stay at this lame place again ! i 'd rather stick needles in my eyes than to ever stay here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we stayed at the westin lake las vegas along with my corporate group last week . from check in to our meals and everything in between , without a doubt the best stay our group has ever had . service levels are 5 stars . our convention service manger cierra baker took care of us like we were an important group ! we were just a small group but she said everyone is treated like family . amazing ! try to check out the stand up paddling and ask for kathy . you will love it and they have their own beach too ! ! i would question any of the low ratings . did not experience any issues and i go out of my way to find problems ! beds were heavenly ! we will be back again and again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i definitely expected more from the westin . not only is the hotel located in the middle of lake las vegas which has most nothing to do in it , everything costs at this hotel . valet is $ 15 per night ( it 's less expensive on the strip ! ) , ping pong balls cost money , no outside food or drink , no equipment rentals after 6pm ... really ? ! so if you 're thinking about shooting hoops at 6:15 ... no can do ! there was also blood on the comforter in my hotel room which they immediately removed , but when i returned 5 hours later a new comforter had not been brought to my room ! room service has about 20 % in additional fees before gratuity , no mini bar , and poor cable reception . save your money and stay somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice place to chill be the pool . great and very attentive pool side service for food and drinks . most of the kids and family 's hang out in the lower pool where the water slide is located", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst customer service i 've ever had to deal with . was left on hold for an hour and they just kept telling me to call back . and a majority of the ladies that answered could n't speak audible english . update : added a star for how beautiful and clean the place was . check in and check out was quick and easy , not much interaction with any of the staff . was such a nice getaway you 'd forget that you were so close to vegas .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely loved the girl that checked us in . talked about how much i liked the property . we checked in after nine on an anniversary trip . she was more than glad to give us a king bed room . oops . i used my wife 's credit card for deposit . would n't check me in with keys until my wife showed at the counter . only problem . wife in driveway . i told x employee she 'd be happy to take over after we checked in . the only way in is thru the lobby : i went through hoops to change places and park car . we tipped the valet and porter . got to room and passive aggressive registration girl put us back into twin bed room . property is nice though", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a beautiful resort ! ! everything needed to get away and relax . the main lobby area is great with wonderful views of the lake and mountains in the distance . the two pools are large and well appointed for a family or a couple . the have cabanas , a water slide , and a poolside restaurant . the outside furnishings are not your typical offerings . just a great place to lay around , swim , or take a nice relaxing soak in the hot tubs . our room had been recently refurbished . it was very nicely done and the bed was very comfortable . the bath was great as well . rain shower worked well . ( which means you do n't have to run around the expansive shower to get wet. ) . great views of the lake and mountains . the front staff was very nice and extremely helpful . the young man who checked us in made sure we were pleased and impressed . we also had room service which was both timely and good . all around- a great place to visit . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i normally do n't give bad reviews but i feel this is necessary . in my room the leather chair was ripped as well as torn lamp shades . the refrigerator had been removed from the chester drawers and debris was left behind . in the bathtub was mold and a long black hair on the shower wall . grease marks were on the headboard and room magazine . when you sit in the bar the chairs are dirty and ripped . this is not a luxury hotel . it is worn out and dirty . i live in vegas and thought i was going to stay at a luxury hotel . not ! ! ! i wish i would have stayed at the hilton instead . i have just been moved to a cleaner room without any mold in the bathtub . the reason i am giving them two stars instead of none is because the staff are nice and the pool area is great . if you do n't mind the less than luxury conditions this would be a good hotel for families due to the pool area and great amenities .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrible experience . room service took it upon themselves to add a $ 65 transaction that we did n't approve . when we questioned the hotel front desk ... they were extremely unhelpful and treated us like we were lying ... even though we had proof of this happening . they then had us track down the restaurant manager ... who was also not very helpful . needless to say ... the issue was never fixed and they kept our money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a relaxing and quite weekend getaway is what i needed and this resort delivered just that . the hot desert can be an enjoyable place if one has the right luxuries ; a large pool with palm trees to give that getaway feel ; a beautiful hotel with clean rooms ; activities in which to take part in or not to . easy check in and out , good food ( a bit high but good ) , and friendly staff make the resort a place in which i will make a return trip to . the resort reminded me of a trip to the dead sea in israel . the dry heat along with the decor of the middle east help to relax . now for some the joy of sun bathing in such heat is not desired not to worry the ac worked just find . plus the evening brings a cooler time and sitting in the outdoors next to the many fire pits can create a wonderful time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i appreciate your response but the lack of security at the resort , and my families safety is not excusable at any level . i asked the lifeguards to call security and they did not call them . i learned afterwards you had other problems with out of control guest in the hotel . if they where not available the police should have been called . it comes down to the gm needing to look at the overall guest experience and not marketing to young party clientele . the room was fine , but the breakfast was tasteless for the price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stayed here during the end of our 4th of july vegas trip . the room was a little rough ( holes and stains in curtains , grout peeling from tile , old furniture , missing refrigerator ) but the building itself is very nice looking . the pools were overly crowded to the point that there were no pool towels or chairs available unless you got there at like 9am . plus the pool closed at 6pm even though it was still 110 degrees and the sun was out . pretty sure people who were n't staying at the hotel were using the pool as they were n't enforcing the pool security bracelets . the lake was also closed so there was nothing else to do but go to the pool . no kayaking or paddle boarding . definitely not worth the $ 30 night resort fee they add on top of the room rate .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stayed here six months ago or so with a friend and really enjoyed it . as most have said it 's far away from the noise and madness of the las vegas strip yet accessible enough to venture off to the land of lights and slot machines . while there dinner was fairly easy to get but the prices reminded me i was still in las vegas ... sadly . i absolutely love that this property is pet friendly . as a starwood member it 's great to see that trend continuing . i was very surprised and happy when this resort became a part of the starwood family . i wish the resorts had rooms with sunken spa tubs . although , i love the stand up showers offered the option for a spa tub would be lovely . i just finished booking my next stay for the resort coming up in may . this reservation will be for a romantic birthday celebration . i 'm not sure what water rental equipment they provide , if any as the website does not disclose that . let 's see how the next review goes ... ..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it would have been a fairly nice stay if it was n't for the fact that somebody charged a $ 200 meal to our room . we showed the hotel manager the receipt that we ate at another buffet 20 minutes away which meant the room charges could not have possibly been us . they said they 'd drop the charge but lo and behold , i found the amount charged to my credit card a couple days later . we 're still trying to get that fixed . for the price we paid , we expected the room to be in much better condition . the sink and shower were rusty and the carpet looked very old . the pool and hot tub were closed . if you can over look all that , i guess you can enjoy the nice landscape the lake offers . i know we wo n't be staying at this particular hotel again though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bought a groupon . spur of the moment plans to go to las vegas . we were more than pleasantly surprised by everything . from the beautiful spacious room with the comfiest bed to the exquisite grounds with gorgeous view from numerous terraces . friendly helpful staff and great food and drink in the lounge as well as breakfast buffet included . omg loved it . i will definitely stay here again . even if i 'm planning on going to the strip , as i did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place , reminds me of some fancy resort somewhere . i wont drive out there to visit the hotel or casino as there is no real decent food option , and i am not talking high end celebrity chef , but just decent food or buffet . the casino is horrible and the several times i have been there i dont think there are any employees or customers . almost every time i was there , i was literally the only person visible , i could have walked out with a slot machine and no one would have known . the hotel seems to only be busy if there is a convention . my wife has done the spa twice but there are so many spas in and around vegas , this one is way pricey and she will not return . you can not be pricey in las vegas and expect to survive , especially if your 100 miles from anything . in summary , its nice , but not scottsdale nice , nothing overly motivating to make us visit the hotel or spa and for sure not the casino .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a terrific spot if you to be far from the strip ! the rooms are luxurious and comfy , the outside bar is very relaxing with a view of the lake , the sushi dinner was very nice thanks to our sushi chef , kav . we had a little bump in the road when we checked in , however , the manager , cole took care of us immediately . there was lightening so we did n't get to use the pools & spas , however , we did sneak a cast or two at the carp under the dark of night ! we had a very lovely room with access to the grounds which was nice because our lab was with us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in response to lori : nickels and dimes , your paddle boats were not in the water , nor mentioned at your `` recreation desk '' they were parked in the corner of your back parking lot .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very nice hotel clean pools but too many kids , keep kids in the downstairs pool and you get 5 stars the pool servers are friendly and attentive , and very cute ( bonus ) . great view and relaxing atmosphere", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree with krysta , the earlier reviewer . i stayed here many many times when it was a loews so i immediately chose it for my cousins , sister and i to stay for my sister 's bachelorette weekend . what a complete and utter disappointment . i wo n't go into detail but i ran into road blocks and poor service with literally every aspect of our stay . and even after the very small gesture they gave , providing us with one complimentary cocktail each , the drink bill showed up on my final statement and had to go to the front desk at 6am before we left for the airport to clear up the charge , which took about a half hour . thanks , but no thanks . i thought about giving it just one star , but the property is beautiful ( everything looks identical from when it was loews ) so that 's worth one more star . while i 'll never stay here again , i 'd say if you 're going for the lovely lakeside views , go , but do n't expect anything in terms of service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stay on the strip . this lake las vegas shuts down at 10 and the employees do n't know that . nothing to do . employees suck . the whole area sucks . the westin name is at risk with this poor excuse for a resort . skip it . las vegas lake is never gon na make it . good luck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lovely resort with a moroccan theme . casual , serene . good , accommodating service . the lobby is perfectly balanced between business folks attending conferences , and vacationers . pet friendly rooms , but the 4 restaurants inside are not as pet friendly ( even with patio seating ) . however you can order something togo and dine with your dogs in the lounge . we enjoyed our 3 nights there after visits to the grand canyon , monument valley , lake powell , and the vegas strip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we chose the westin lake las vegas for our destination wedding and it far surpassed all of our expectations ! friends and family traveled from across the country to share in our special day and they are still talking about their resort experience months later . being from out of state , the westin staff worked closely with us to ensure that we had quality vendors and that careful detail was paid to every aspect for our special day . the location was phenomenal , the food was incredible , and the resort was stunning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the westin lake las vegas was great me and my husband are locals and wanted a little get away from the city for valentine day . we were able to check in early wich was a plus for us , because we had a reservation to get to . they offer free kayaking for hotel guest and paddle boarding for $ 30 for 1hour wich was lots of fun . they also have 2 pools , one pool was heated wich was great because i hate taking baby steps into the pool , but the other was very cold . the one thing i disliked was the rooms need some up dating the view was beautiful but we have been to many westin resorts and i really expected a better looking room for the price we were paying for . but overall it was a great stay i would definitely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was there for a conference . the rooms were great however this place lacks amenities . i wanted to have some drinks with clients and there is no bar . i had to sit at a table outside and go to a window to by my beers . it 's kind of like they are made decisions to reduce the operations budget even though a bar is the last thing you should cut out . i will stay here again , but i will be bmob .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was the most dirty hotel i have ever stayed at . they have our room away , then gave us a dirty room with hair all over from previous guest . we found a bug in our bed & the toilet was leaking . then we asked to changed rooms in which the manager michael said he reserved for us for the next day . we went to the front desk the following day all for them to say michael never reserved a room ! pool filters were broken top pool dirty and disgusting ! the managers except for easter were rude unprofessional and disrespectful !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just proposed to my girlfriend here , we 've been together for 5 years . at first she was scared it would n't be a nice place cause it 's not technically in vegas , when she got here she was taken aback by the glorious view , and the beautiful accommodations . this place truly is majestic . the staff are all very friendly and helpful , especially derrick who helped us with our bags , he knew everything . we have promised ourselves we are going to come visit this place at least once a year the rest of our lives . thanks for helping me out westin , i owe you one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here because we had a wedding to attend in that area . the facility is beautiful and the location is unbelievable . however the hotel room that we stayed in need of several repairs done , and the air conditioning did not work well . we advised the staff who said that they would take care of the problem however when we returned from our event late that evening the room was still hot and the air conditioning was n't working . the staff was not concerned and agreed to give us a small refund for the resort fee . when i returned henderson nevada next time this would not be my first choice to stay .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice relaxing and quiet getaway from the las vegas strip ! free of charge for kayaks . 24hour fitness center.the pool was nice kids love the water slide.definitely going back ! love love this westinlake", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just looovvveee this hotel ! best staycation place to go when one just need to get away from las vegas without really leaving the city . they have their own private `` beach '' area , pool areas with lots of cabanas , and lounging areas with lots of comfortable seating . their activities range from paddle boarding , al fresco movies , and s'mores . i also like the quaint little shops on the other side of the lake . great for spending quality time with family , friends , and `` me '' time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great location for getaway , we had very bad experience with the place checked in to the room and bugs were all over the room and my wife was very scared and ran in to the hallway too many live bugs in the room and then we changed room and portion of tub shower ceiling came down , so that was n't too good neither oh well the restaurants are good the pools and the water front beach is nice the concierge was very helpful and courteous i like the place , i like westin hotels and this one was a surprise to us", "score": "3"}
{"review": "another stay at this beautiful hotel but this time 2 nights . could not fault the hotel , room and area , this will be my getaway from the strip in 2016 . tanvi in the lounge was just the bestest . thank you again for such a great stay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stayed here for father 's day weekend . this hotel is fine . what makes it is it 's atmosphere and the surroundings . i love that it 's on lake las vegas . there are a number of recreation opportunities including kayaking , stand up paddle boarding , fitness center , and fishing . the pool area is really nice as well . there 's not a lot of selection as far as restaurants go . there are a couple places in the hotel to get food or you can drive around the lake to montelago village . you can also get food in henderson . remember , there is no gaming in this hotel , so if that 's what you 're looking for you should go elsewhere . as for the `` heavenly '' bed , i 'm not sure what that was about . our bed was incredibly firm and not heavenly at all . overall , the hotel is a nice place to escape and relax . i 'm sure we 'll be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it has the potential to be an amazing hotel ! beautiful location , but the maintenance , upkeep and attention to details clearly is not a priority . during our trip we experienced a broken toilet ( handle had to be replaced ) , dirty restrooms , hair in our food , wood pieces in the food , horrible spa services and screaming construction by the pool . the construction was not posted prior to our stay , the staff was alway unaware that it was going to start . some even expressed frustration that they did not wait 2 weeks until the pools closed for the season . sad there is so much potential but a failure in my books .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i had paid full price i would have given a one-point review . but i paid about 1 3 full price . nice pools . attractive property . plenty of free self parking . convenient to hoover dam and lake mead . room was stuffy , even with the a c on . sleep was terrible . no mini-mart services after 10pm , and you 're at the end of a long , dark road . no nearby entertainment and the pools close between 7-8 pm . restaurant was okay , but not great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "loved this hotel . nice rooms , huge pool area and the surroundings are gorgeous . dine in marssa ... unforgetable sushi !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fianc\u00e9 and i stayed at this hotel as part of our staycation for christmas of last year . this review is way overdue but better late than never , right ? we had no expectations and as we stood in line to check in . out of nowhere the front desk personnel announces that we were the guests of the day and he hands us a certificate and a complimentary lake view upgrade . that was pretty awesome and it totally made our staycation that much more awesome ! it was so unexpected that we kept high fiving each other the entire elevator ride up . the next morning we found out that all the kayaks were included with our hotel stay and we were ecstatic . yes , the high fives continued ! it 's an awesome place to get away from the lights and noise pollution from the strip ! the service is great , parking is easy , and the lake is beautiful . the only downfall is that there are n't much dining or shopping options . it literally is just a place to unwind and relax .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a grat experience at westin . fd were so nice and polite ... even offered late check out on the departing day ... complimentary kayaking for one hour , beautiful pool aria , cozy balcony w fireplace where u can enjoy glass of wine and meet the sunset ... .overall we will be definitely going back ... ! ! ! the reason i wo n't give them 5 is the sushi & steak reastourant ... for sure my worst ever sushi experiance ... hostgirl was so rude ... we were the only ppl at the restourant at the time and i asked her if we could be seated next to the windows , she took us straight to a table next to the restrooms ... the food was not only overpriced but awfull ... sushi was definitely not fresh ... if u do n't want anything to spoil the experiance of this amazing hotel just do n't go to the restaurant ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was the second time we 've been to this weston this year . first time was very nice but this time it left anything less than desired . at check-in we were given a room with a parking lot you even though we are starwood preferred and the hotel had many rooms available . it took the desk at least a half an hour to answer our call and find a nicer room . dinner at there on site restaurant was barely acceptable . the dining room needs a makeover it and the food is only two stars . service was fine but i did not want to linger . at checkout it took took 2calls and a half hour to get a bell man . seems like there needs to be better staffing to maintain westin level of service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is just ok. it has a very relaxing resort feel , but misses the mark in key areas . did not have a good dining experience and could not sleep all night due to some strange gurgling sound that came out of our bathroom sink every half hour . i think the property is showing it 's age and the pipes ( and bathroom overall ) need some updating . the walls are also paper thin . i could hear the entire conversation of the neighbors next door from my bathroom .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome classy getaway . we regret not taking the time to spend doing outdoors activities especially the 1-hour kayak included in the resort fee . beautiful scenery of lake and golf course . will certainly return , next time a couples retreat one bed instead of family stay two beds . yet to try the food on the property . attempted to have dinner at ricks , but the unusually long wait time for the prime rib buffet did n't work out . next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoyed my stay at the westin . from the moment i got here , the service is exceptional . location and atmosphere was great . family friendly place especially with their pool area . there was a waterslide going into the activity pool . the other pool was open to everyone but seemed like adults were there . they let you check out putters for their putting green , basketball for their full court , ping pong stuff , and more . they has events going on and had a beach to paddle board or pedal boat or kayak . lots of fun in the resort itself - restaurant was okay and wish they had more options . great stay if you want to getaway from the strip scene . we were able to go to the village at the lake , drove to lake mead , and visit around the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think this is a beautiful resort , i love the moroccan spanish architecture and how spreadout the property is . everything is very clean and relatively new . the restaurants coincidentally are pretty terrific , i guess a pretty important element so you do n't have to drive around and you can just stay on the property . the rooms are appropriate for what you find in a westin , as long as you 're paying under 150 a night this is a big win .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "right on lake las vegas away from the strip . the view of the lake is beautiful and the resort setting is comfy . overall the amenities were good and service as well . there is a $ 25 resort fee keep in mind . the room was spacious and comfortable . family friendly without the casinos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved loved love ... this place and will return . stayed here august 2014 ... and though we had an issue regarding our cabana ... which they made up for . i have to say ... truly enjoyed our visit . great staff through out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome service , loved the white sand beach on the lake ! beautiful landscape , pools , lake and mountains make the scenery a dream come true . so nice to relax and unwind here ... kids loved the pool , fire pit s'mores , food and canoeing on the lake ! comfortable beds and i love the westin dream showers ! the fianc\u00e9 loved the drinks and the hot tub ! we will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "off off the strip like 20 minutes but may have been 20 hours . really relaxing hotel . however needs a refresh in the guest rooms , clean but tired , when as of this post was happening . common areas are real nice . this is a resort with all the amenities ( a fee ) 2 pools fill up fast when hot and on weekends . lake views are amazing , , great place for families and groups . and wait for it . . . . no slots . restaurants pricey . grounds nice and dog friendly . cable tv did not include turner classic moves what up with that ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "celebrating our 30th wedding anniversary at this resort . it was a very pleasant surprise in sin city , while having the strip close by . i highly recommend this beautiful resort if you want something different than the typical strip vibe . mariana at the front desk warmly greeted us as we checked-in , and remembered our anniversary by sending us a very nice bottle of champagne and thoughtful card . you wo n't be disappointed with a getaway weekend at the westin lake las vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow i never thought i would have such a bad experience at the westin . i guess getting housekeeping at this location is a privilege that only a select few can get . when i complained to the front desk that my room had not been cleaned , the supervisor , jonathan v , was horrible and refused to accommodate my request . i would say he is a complete amateur and does n't belong at the westin . that clown basically wanted me to change my plans so that housekeeping could get into my room after 7pm and clean . i guess $ 35 resort fee is not enough to get housekeeping during normal hours . also , the food at the restaurant is ridiculously overpriced and horrible . i had by far the worst $ 18 burger at this hotel . overall , this hotel is pretty dated . it is closer to 3 stars and you will be overpaying if you spend more than $ 70 per night .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this hotel was amazing ! clean , so quick to check in and out . best place for a relaxing getaway ! will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well i took a chance and booked again because i saw a deal in groupon . i booked on a sunday so they did not give me the switcheroo as they had plenty of rooms available . my husband and i got free breakfast , though not the buffet as they dont provide buffet if they have less than 100 guests . fine by us , the made to order breakfast was absolutely divine and you could order more than one dish , all free . so fancy . our breakfast bill came out to $ 80 without the tip . the hotel covered it , so that was awesome . then the room we got was beautiful . glass drinking cups , starbucks coffee , fresh water to use for coffee tea . coffee maker not in the bathroom . just wonderful . the outside is as beautiful as the inside of the hotel . gorgeous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the good : breakfast buffet water pressure good at the shower friendly staff the bad : dirty and worn out carpets room was n't that clean ( bed skirts , fingerprints , coffee cups ) worn furniture no longer can order food at the pool . chairs at the pool dirty . stairwells had piles of bird feces and newspaper that had n't been cleaned in years . after 2 years of westin ownership you would think would have done a better job at maintaining the place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "you 've done it again , westin . i love staying at this hotel . it 's amazingly beautiful and so relaxing . the perfect weekend getaway . i try to come a couple times a year . they are a pet friendly hotel so i love bringing my dogs here . there really is n't much more you could ask for . beautiful hotel overlooking lake las vegas . quiet , not a whole lot to do , which i love . just a perfect experience , as usual . and they upgraded our room to a suite . i 'll be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hotel itself is great but being here in july at 117 degrees when its impossible to be outside after 9 am , they open their pool only at 8am.we woke up at 6 in the morning to go to swim before it gets hot but the pool is closed ! otherwise its a beautiful hotel", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing place ! friendly service , beautiful scenery and pools , nice rooms , best room service , great food . i love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since the first review was not specific enough ... we had an appointment with rodney on tuesday february 2nd at 12:30pm to check out the wedding venue . we showed up 15 mins early and the lady at the front desk called back for him to let him know we were there . at about 12:45pm ( 15 min past our scheduled time ) we went to the front desk to let her know that he still had not come to pick us up and she said she thought he did because she had seen him walking around , so she called back for him again . we waited another 10 mins ( 12:55pm at this point ) and still no rodney , so we left . to say the least we were not happy about our time being wasted sitting in the lobby .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "people were gathering at fireplaces and talking loudly even after 12:00pm . that was crazy and i could not sleep with that . i first asked to change room but amanda told us there was no room left . then i called again and a male manager answered the phone and agreed to arrange for us and also waved the resort fee . this hotel originally deserved a 4 star review , but notice disturbance and the `` no room left '' took 1 star each . so 2 stars in total .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am not sure where people give this place a bad review . my wife and i had a great time at this hotel . the young lady at registration desk was wonderful . she saw on my id that i was celebrating a birthday an offered me and upgrade . my reservations were not in the system when i arrived but she called someone on the phone and got it fixed . she apologized and gave me a free breakfast for two . the hotel is beautiful , it feels like you are in super luxurious hotel in europe . the sunrise and the sunsets were beautiful over the lake . i have great photos to prove it . if you want to stay in a romantic place away from the craziness of the las vegas strip then this is the right place for you . the only bad part was 30 minute drive to the strip . they have a complimentary shuttle to the strip that helps save on gas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "planned a weekend getaway for myself and found this gem at the last minute . it is hidden away from the rest of lake las vegas but worth the drive . everyone was so nice and accommodating . when i went down for some drinks they had a great view at the back of the hotel with firepits everywhere . best weekend getaway ever . will definitely come back again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would call this a lil bit of heaven . the grounds are gorgeous , peaceful and relaxing . rooms are clean and service is top notch . it was nice having our conference away from the strip ! enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lake las vegas is a good little ways away from the strip which is a bummer if you want to go out at all while you are in town . with that said its super relaxing , well maintained and family friendly . we had a great time just laying by the pool and having some drinks but if we were here more then 3 or 4 days i could see if getting a little boring .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "1st my card key did n't work . our room was n't made after we were gone all day . called to complain they said there was no manager available from the front desk or from house keeping . they tried to make it up by offering us a free breakfast which we already had . we ask where else we can use the voucher . manager said ok to use at the coffee shop and when i get there it 's close . just terrible customer service . i mean no customer service at all . i should have stayed at the strip . i would have gotten better service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the quiet place in lv . i would never come back again . best thing there is the pool . foods just so average and the spa is just hot sauna . i only recommend this hotel for couple who want to stay in the room and have sex all day . haha . oh i did found a good book about crystal at the hot sauna . : ) how they got a 4 stars rating for the resort . ? ? ? ? i give it 2 1 2 stars", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the room was nice . you can go kayaking on the lake which was fun . scott was nice . the shuttle was nice to take to get to the vegas strip . just make sure you put your name down and how many are going in your group so you can be at the strip at the time you want to be there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the pools , the rooms were contemporary and comfortable , complementary water bottles , coffee and teas were nice . we enjoyed kayaking , but would 've been nice if we could enjoy the whole lake instead of just the very small section before the bridge .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good experience and good customer service , but you can tell the place is a little run down and has lost there attention to detail . the premises are very nice , but needs an update really bad . breakfast buffet at rick 's was very good , but dinner selections were just okay . hope they step it up here soon , because its very nice to stay away from the strip in a family and pet friendly hotel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very nice resort ! excellent staff with great amenities . the location is good because the landscape . great place to hold business functions ! not sure about individual family vacation , because the location is away from the strip . nevertheless i would recommend a stay at this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this hotel ! ! the pool and beach areas are great ! ! very clean hotel . family friendly and quiet", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's very luxury hotel . i think it also show its age . the curtain show holes in it . i was little cold to use the swimming pool ( it was heated pool , but the sign said it was closed , i have no idea why ) . it 's located in very nice location , away from las vegas , but also bit inconvenient to find any places to eat around the area , the next door hilton village is pretty empty , not much to do , it needs time to develop . we will come back ( but not during winter time ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "front desk is sooooooooooooooooo sloooooowwww . so so sooooooooo slow . so slow . slow . so much of it . overwhelmingly slow . slow . so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so soooooooooooo sooooo slow . do n't get time management . so slow . that 's all for now . slow .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as a frequent traveler i can not give this westin more than two stars . upon arrival the valet guys were friendly and very courteous . they turned out to be the best part about this hotel ! the bell hop guy was the worst i 've ever experienced . did n't get his name i was so disgusted but he was there in the mornings around seven . ( not the slender guy with the goatee ) . waited in line to check in for over 15 minutes with only two people in front of me . had to be at a business event and the crappy service the hotel uses to handle packages sent there `` lost '' it costing us hundreds of dollars . they `` comped '' the delivery handling fees for the trouble . seriously ? thanks for nothing guys . the bed in the room was comfy and the the coffee was good . try the ravella and skip this spot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "let me preface with the fact i am not a true vegas person so after staying at hotel off the strip my wife and i were ready to create a little separation between people and business . location : removed from the strip by 30 minutes . lake las vegas is a interstate sight and definitely beautiful . the westin is tucked among the resorts on this extensive strip of property . accommodations : we had an upgraded room that faced the lake but it was dates and there were stains in the carpet . westin beds are legendary but the overall room was n't as impressive as westin properties can be . amenities : the pools , recreation and relaxation were amazing . their staff does a top notch job providing resources that are included with the resort fee . ( kayaks , shuffleboard , basketball , pool , towels etc ) . food : there are several eateries and bars on the property . they are average in comparison to the options in vegas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was the hotel in which america 's sweethearts was filmed . it was a nice moroccan decor theme , is clean , spacious , and includes this beautiful lounge opening up to the lake . the rooms are what you 'd expect from a westin . pools were not too crowded and closed at 6pm . overall a bit of a trek from the main strip ( 15 min drive at least ) , and aside from the hotel , there is nothing much to do at the lake , which is kind of on its downhill and feels like a ghost town . free wifi . rick 's cafe has a good breakfast , which was free with out amazon local voucher .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the 4th of july scheduled for months in advance , after confirming with reception that there were fireworks on the lake , a 10 minute walk from the hotel . 3 weeks before , i find out the fireworks have been moved to the 5th . totally ruined my plans .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "place is awesome . staff is friendly and down to earth . they are willing to go above and beyond for you . service is important for them . rates are a little high depending when you go . you can find great deals through groupon or possible other third party vendors . breakfast at rick 's cafe was amazing every morning . place is great for leisure , business , families , or couples . i like that they also provide a free shuttle to and from the westin in las vegas , which is pretty close to the strip . beautiful location . get a lake view if possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know where to start . from the time i walked in i was speechless . this resort is gorgeous ! the staff was very friendly and they truly made us feel like vip . we live here in town and staying here for a staycation was so relaxing and peaceful without the chaotic loud mess the strip resorts can bring . the westin has just gained two big fans ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we booked this hotel for our family vacation with all the amenities at the lake and ended up getting married there too . we are all very impressed with the service , the rooms and the staff . 5 stars all the way !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give zero stars i would what a change from last year ! ! ! i do n't even know where to start , the check in was horrible and the girl at the front desk was very rude mariana was her name . the food at ricks cafe was horrible ! could n't even chew the prime rib . the room the sheets were just thrown on the mattress , holes in the curtain and dirty and dusty . worst 281.00 i 've ever spent ! we were charged wrong other people in our party were given keys to an occupied room ! to sum it up i will never ever recommend this place to my worst enemy and to think we 've been coming here since it was a loews property . i 'm ashamed i invited family to join us this time with all this poor poor service at the front desk . oh and to top it off we were told that getting wrong keys happens all the time in hotel ... . what ? ? ? ? ? really ? mariana you need a class in customer service ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 and i stayed at the westin for 2 nights the hotel overall it looks decent , i card was charged twice for the room which makes no sense and then they said allow 7 business days for it to be refunded back to the account , and secondly i understand that it 's a familiar friendly hotel but some teenagers pulled the fire alarm at around 9pm and everyone was forced to evacuate the hotel , which lead to the elvators no longer working so the next day when checking out we had to go up and down stairs with lots of luggage", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't know what is going on with our recent stays with westin but we have been super unhappy . my wife and i are spg gold members , we arrived in vegas for a day for business . we have stayed twice before at this hotel and really liked it . we checked in and all was good ubtil ee arrived at our room . the comforter was stained , the bathroom was dirty , then while my wife was brushing her teeth , a strong smell of marijuana was emitting from the sink . since the bathroom plumbing is all connected , someone somewhere must have flushed or disposed of marijuana in the sink and it was backing up to our sink . i called the front desk who said they would alert security . we will never stay at that hotel ever again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of my favorite things about every westin , this one included , is the overall sensory experience . everything smells amazing and is fashioned in an air of decadence and luxury that you can not get from just any hotel . the room was wonderful , overlooking the golf courses with a sliding door that we could open to let in the amazing fresh air . as usual the beds were amazing and there was an overabundance of pillows . the spa called in an extra person to accommodate us and our time . the pool was secluded , quiet and lovely . if you 're looking ofr a quiet get away this is the place to be , definitely a nice change of pace from the vegas we see on tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'll update this review a bit later - but wanted to write on right away ! staff and crew are incredible ! i have my dog with me and they have been completely sweet with her . i would give them 5 stars if they took the 'pet-friendly ' a bit farther , pet spa , doggy daycare ( so she could be worn out ) , a large free run area for dogs , a swim area we could go ( or just hours dogs could go ) . i was so pleased with my stay that we decided to stay another night !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted to love this place . i could n't give it more than two stars . i was woken up at 6:50 with a barking dog two rooms down . it barked for almost 2 hours off and on . if you are going to bring a dog to a hotel have the courtesy to make sure it does n't bark anytime there is movement in the hall ! ! ! ! ! updated i 've updated my review to 5 stars . the front desk was extremely accommodating to us after we complained about the barking dogs they upgraded us to a lake view room and deducted the cost of the resort fee . we are all happy campers now . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just stayed here for a second time and the place is absolutely wonderful if you do n't mind a 20 minute drive from vegas again i got a great price on priceline about half the price of any of the hotels on the strip and since i rented a car what 's 20 minutes to stay in a beautiful resort i say better than a smoky casino if you 're on a date . martha at the front desk was very friendly and check out such a joy to deal with not sure about the name martha i think they should call her crystal . valet was super friendly did n't get his name but what a great guy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful resort . would definitely stay again . price was excellent for all that the resort had to offer . if i had a family with kids and wanted to go to las vegas , this is the place to go . vegas is n't exactly a kid place . this resort had a lake with boats , paddle boards . pools . bicycles , golfing . spa . it 's close to other scenic attractions ( hoover dam , lake mead , grand canyon ) . would go back again if in town . food was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rooms were fantastic and the place is a great get away from the hustle of the strip . we had dinner at the bar and the sandwiches and beer were awesome . everything was so fresh and beer was so cold . just perfect . it was nice to walk off dinner by walking the grounds and around the lake . i highly recommend this place and i promise we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very disappointed . prices are high and the resort fee rubs you wrong . we rented 2 rooms on the `` family plan '' ' , only to find the pricing on expedia to be much better - to late , 3 day cancellation . both of our rooms had extremely dirty carpet , and one was supposed to be a suite . how carpet gets that dirty on the 6th floor i will never know but i really do n't think it 's been shampooed in years . paddle boarding is $ 30 first hour then $ 20 an hour after that . food prices in all restaurants is very high with not many options off property . this property does not live up to the westin name . i would n't suggest anyone stay at this location", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the safety of your guests should not be an after thought . my frustration continues as it is nearly impossible to contact anyone when i dial 0 . i also had no running water on the first day . something i forgot to mention . our first day at the pool . there were no lifeguards at the top of the water slide from 2pm to 6pm closing time ( later on a parent sat at the top of the slide to supervise ) my child was injured after another kid slid down the down the water slide and another kid fell on top of her . yet another safe issue with your hotel .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't even know where to start . i was very disappointed with this hotel ! first of all the food is way too overpriced and way too small ! we ordered french toast from the kids menu and it only came with 3 small slices of bread and water ! the kids were still hungry , also , when you call the front desk it takes at least 2 calls for them to answer . the floors where the pools are are way too slippery and it should n't be like that because there are plenty of kids running around ! another thing that bothered me was that the lifeguards are just hanging out and talking to each other instead of doing their job ! there were at least 10 kids going on the water slide and none of them were watching the kids ! i am actually surprised they do n't charge for the water they have by the front desk ! they also do n't have a fridge or microwave in the rooms which is really inconvenient , especially if you have little kids with you ! i 'm definitely not coming back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great people from front desk to housekeeping , the rooms were spotless with a great view over pool and palm trees . note some nevada places charge resort fee on top of everything else $ $ $ . but , the two restaurants i tried failed miserably . the bar cheeseburger was very poor quality and the salad at the deli was tasteless . they have 3 one a little more elegant but would not seat me at 5:30 because of reservations and a party of one . went pass after miserable meal at deli around 6:30 and was still far from full .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was the hotel from america 's sweethearts i believe . if you ever saw that movie , you probably remember a stunning desert oasis . i know i do . years later , the westin has replaced the hyatt and time had taken a toll . the furniture is very worn , the carpets are old , and the pool umbrellas are a disgrace . that being said , it could be beautiful again . with not too much effort . and the service is great too . huge potential !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wonderful stay here . the pool was nice and staff was great ! food is a bit expensive but that 's understood for a resort way out in the middle of no where . the grounds were very well kept and everything was beautiful ! the beds were super comfortable . i would highly recommend this resort to anyone wanting a nice and relaxing stay in las vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is relaxing and beautiful hidden in the desert . had burgers and wings while by the pool . the burgers were big and juicy like home made ! 1st time to paddle board for $ 30 and pay only $ 20 for repeaters . the kayaks are free if you 're a hotel guests . it 's a great place for a weekend getaway !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were expecting a relaxed resort feeling but this is not the place . we booked this hotel to get away from the strip but the strip came to us . room was great and i did have a wonderful lake view but it was so loud all night and morning . doors slamming , screaming down halls , feeling thundering down the hall . i could hear full conversations and our neighbors . i am so disappointed . i even asked for a more secluded room but they stated they had none . i will probably never stay here again . this hotel is really suited for people with families but not for a couple looking to relax .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to come here all the time when it was loews , i would always be so excited to visit and so sad to leave . i would have so much fun with my family . however , when it turned into the westin the prices sky rocketed . i used to get amazing customer service from the loews staff and they would give us amazing deals and prices . when i call westin customer service they do not ever want to help me and it just makes me sad because i want to take my family back so bad this summer . unless an employee can help a returning customer for several years be satisfied with the price i just will not come back . westinn , come on !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely beautiful and perfectly relaxing ! not the place to be if you want the happening action of the strip . the room was lovely , the lower pool is perfect for kids ! it 's huge , 3 feet deep and has a waterslide . there is also beach access and you can kayak and paddleboard . nightly s'mores and a movie in the pool for the kids . wonderful family getaway for all of us . the kids were happy and entertained and we got to relax !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just finished a very nice 10 day stay at this hotel . i am a very happy new customer of westin . my bed was comfortable and my towels were clean . the employees are very friendly . i booked through the web site and was given a good rate with a free daily breakfast . i brought my dog and everyone treated her very well . i will stay here again . thank you westin for taking very good care of us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the view is amazing . check-in 4pm but room was n't ready till 520pm . housekeeping would n't restock our room everyday with more shampoo conditioner , mouthwash or even fresh clean face towels . the a c was not working properly , we had to have someone come at 1am to check it out . room service menu is limited during evening hours . pool and hot spa closes at 7pm ! and bartenders did n't know how to make any drinks we ordered . i know they are undergoing a multi million remodel , but they should still thrive to keep their customers happy . lifeguards yelling out countdown for closing pool on a sunday evening when guest are trying to unwind , very unprofessional and unfriendly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow ! this place is beautiful ! ! ! we stayed here because someone recommended it and we wanted something away from the strip . i will definitely return . it 's perfect if you have kids as well . it 's huge ! deff a great resort . they have cars that 'll pick you up and drop you off places away from the resort . the rooms have balconies . our room was overlooking the lake . twice we called front desk to ask questions and the woman was rude . we never complain but we did let the manager know . other than that everything was wonderful . they also have a playground near the pool that 's gated", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed here for 2 nights while visiting family after a 2 night stay in henderson at an awful hotel . as with most westins , the place was immaculate , staff was friendly and helpful , and the beds ... . omg you 've never slept so well ! a bit pricey overall but worth it for 'vacation ' purposes . we ate in 2 of the restaurants , frequented the pools and even kayaked around the lake . overall a great experience . perfect for families visiting the las vegas area who are n't into the whole casino thing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a balcony room with a lake view . the room was clean for the most part ... weird stain on the ceiling ? ? ? ? balcony surrounded by bushes made it very hard to `` view '' the lake if you were sitting down in the provided chairs . we ordered their scrambled eggs for room service & it was delicious ! make sure you ask for a map of the grounds ... the website does n't exactly paint an accurate picture of just close by everything is n't to the westin . lots of construction on the way to the hotel but overall it very quiet and it was n't an issue , just have to watch out for he cones . everyone is very friendly . overall we had a good time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no complaints here . service - stellar . everyone was polite and amazingly friendly and helpful . food - our room came with a free continental breakfast . good selection of stuff to choose from . hotel grounds - just beautiful . lots to do , lots of freebies . rooms - comfortable beds , robes , bedsheets . we were able to get a room with a view of the lake and a fridge . would definitely come back ! loved that we experienced a different vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just spent a week there all in all a very positive experience . the room was excellent and the staff for the most part was top notch . the waitresses at the cafe and restaurant . one area that needs improvement is the front desk which can make a request for more coffee into a multi hour experience . the pools were excellent and well staffed . we would come here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called 5 weeks ago . the day after i checked out . told them i left my necklace behind the tv . they said they will go check and call me back . i waited and waited . no call back . called back couple days later , they said they will have someone call me back again . today is the 4th time i called them ! ! ! fourth ! ! ! ! and they apologized they do n't have it ! someone went to go check only now ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i called 5 weeks ago the first time ! of course it 's not going to be there now morons ! ! ! and of course they said they will call me back again today . and how can they not have a manager i can speak to !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "staff and crew are awesome . did some paddling on the lake for $ 30 for first timers but 20 & for returned guest . the lounge was relaxing . i do recommend this place to have a fast get away . not so expensive . remember to sign in the rewards card .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this resort has always been our special place as we were married at it when it was a hyatt in 2006 ! we try to get back a few times per year . we just returned today from our stay and had such a great time ! we mostly stayed on property for dinning and recreation but did venture to the village in hopes for some fun and where blown away at what has now become quite the ghost town . we always loved having the `` hopping '' village near by for the casino , more restaurants and shops and have had so many wonderful memories there . we could n't believe there was nothing there and the casino was closed . so sad ! ! back to the resort ... the room we stayed in was nice and clean , the pool was nice and refreshing and the service was great poolside , we paddle boarded and had a blast on the lake and dinned at ricks for breakfast brunch which was an amazing option each morning . we will be heading back next week for the 4th of july festivities and are looking forward to it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lovely resort , kayaking , paddle boarding for a small fee , pools and several onsite restaurants of which we only tried the pool restaurant which was excellent . service was nice and there is an onsite laundromat . only drawback is that it is far from the more urban parts of vegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a huge fan of the strip and this was the perfect location for me ! it 's beautiful , quiet , and smoke free . and it 's about a 20 minute drive to the strip . my favorite part are the paddle boat and kayak rentals included in the resort fee . there are n't very many places to eat by the lake , but there are plenty of delicious options with a quick drive into henderson . i 'll definitely be returning here next time i 'm in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped for coffee and buffalo wings ( yes , i know , odd combo ) . well one of the two made me sick , nauseated , and feeling like i had to throw up . whichever it was , would not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the response from the management team feels like a canned response and not sincere . no way we 're going back ... if you take the time to read all the responses from management to the other bad reviews , you 'll see that 's it 's pretty much the same response ... i do n't see how renovations would keep the pools beach side , fire pits closed ... ( we had a pool view from our room , did n't see any renovating going on near the pool beach ) additionally ... how would that affect 90 % of your cable channels not working ? and that 's not all the grievances that was listed on my review ! people , think twice before spending your hard earned money at this `` resort '' !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "5 stars for the westin lake las vegas ! we stayed there for the nights of march 3 , 4 & 5 , as part of the pesach program . the hotel is wonderful , the staff are super friendly and helpful . the pools are amazing - they 're huge and the perfect temperature . they even have a water slide for kids and a baby pool . shout out to our wonderful waiter - margarita - from table 105 ! ! we stayed in room 5016 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come for the pool . it 's not too crowded and still has a fun vibe . there are families here and there . they play music but not too loud . i have gotten kicked out because of incoming storm but they do it just to keep everyone safe . the food is not that good and overpriced . now i just brings snacks", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful hotel resort . rooms are well appointed . service was good . pools are very nice - only complaint is that there are not enough lounge chaises at the pools . the food at the poolside restaurant was just ok and pricey for what it was ; and service is so-so . there was a storm the day we arrived so we could n't go on the lake - murky waters . kayaking looks like it would be fun . spa was nice . would definitely come back . nice place to bring kids too . long fun water slide to one of the pools .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sometimes , life throws you pleasant surprises . my mom treated my husband and i to a relaxing night away for our anniversary . the grounds are beautiful and the check-in was quick and flawless . the room is clean and comfortable . much to our surprise , the general manager sent us strawberries and champagne with a hand-written note . the personal touch made us feel extra welcome . we loved everything !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a world away from the las vegas strip , and it is worth the trip if you are looking to quiet things down for a bit . there is no casino , no neon , just a very nice resort about 15 miles from strip . they have redone it a bit , there was a sort of arabian nights theme , some remnants still remain . the back patio has a spectacular view of the lake . live it up , you are in las vegas for cryin ' out loud !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful area of vegas . great place to visit ! let 's get the day going ill check in later ! tyj !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this place . the location is really nice and the pool is so nice and clean . check in went well , but i saw that some much needed painting would really be worth it . the lights are dim so you ca n't see it , but i saw that it needed a new coat of paint as well as some up grades . but , as a hotel , it 's fine . no fridge in the room ... . so do n't plan to keep anything cool . our ice room was on the other side of the hotel . so maybe ask how far it would be do you do n't get lost . you need ice seeing their is n't a fridge . and no complementary breakfast", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stay here this hotel has a warmth which even expensive ones can lack . the decor features an andalusian theme , which fits the surroundings well . ( one of the tile patterns seemed familiar , from sevilla 's alcazar . ) our kindergartener loved the kids ' pool and slide . rick 's caf\u00e9 was great . and staff were friendly & accommodating : allowed a late checkout , responded to requests super-fast , and gave aforementioned kindergartener a fresh pool towel so she would n't catch a chill returning to our room .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we enjoyed our stay . it was quite a ways from the strip but some people like that . it is very kid friendly but the kids pool and playground were under construction . this was the reason we booked there so i was very disappointed . the staff were very friendly though . i want to send kudos for omar at rick 's cafe . we had dinner there the night we arrived . we were tired and hungry ( 1 year old and 4 year old , grandma , me and my wife ) and omar provided above and beyond levels of service and friendliness . i meant to do it sooner but have been very busy with work and travel . please let management know that omar left a great impression and we really appreciated his friendliness .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely loved my stay here . ( minus 1 star for surprise $ 25 night `` resort fee '' when i checked in ) i made reservations on groupon , it was easy and painless - i would highly recommend spending the extra $ 15 for a lake view room , it is simply beautiful and the balcony is the icing on the cake . complimentary wifi , complementary breakfast ( buffet & made-to-order omelets , yum ! ) , rain shower head , comfy bed , really nice walk around the grounds . lastly , i am addicted to their white tea scented toiletries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place . the pools were very nice and had a great set up with the comfy chairs next to it . i am sad i was n't here during the summer to truly enjoy it . my parents actually lifted up the sheets on the bed to see what type of mattress it was they liked it so much . not your standard lv resort ( no casino etc ) , but is a great place to stay . the one star is knocked off because of the resort free that i was charged . i booked it on priceline so i had no way of knowing of the fee prior to my booking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the westin is about 30 minutes outside of the strip , but it 's a good place to go if you just want to be away from it it . i had the opportunity to stay there because my wife 's company had an engineering conference there and i tagged along . the resort offers golf , spa , recreation room , a man-made beach , and a nice outdoors equipment rental store . i think it 's a good place to catch up on a good book , or write your own . a small casino is close by , behind the hilton , called the montelago . you can also drive out to lake mead and hoover dam . there 's a cvs and sonic a few mins away if you want some junk food as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "three stars because i do n't think i 'll return to this resort . however it was a very nice large resort . called a few days before for an early check in . restaurants and room service are pricy . bell hop guys are very friendly and gave good options on where to go for dinner in town . they also told us about the free shuttle service they provide to go into vegas . rooms are very nice , i read before the stay about holes in the black out curtains , there was a few in ours but not huge . bathrooms had no fans , so prepare for a sauna after a shower . the resort itself is far from everything in my opinion . they have free kayaking , water slide in small pool . i did n't like that they charge your credit card for incidentals and whatever the other $ 300 charge was for ... i think it would be a better system if they just lumped the room charge and fees all together then to make it complicated .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "did not appreciate not being told b4 we booked our small business conference that pfister basically had bought out most of this westin hotel for `` their '' legal team . there were hundreds of lawyers , four floors in the hotel 's 9 reserved and for all of us `` other '' guests ... '' everything '' was off limits . the pools , jacuzzi , firepits , bars , restaurants , all common area- even the lobby bar was reserved exclusively for the hundreds of pfister pharma lawyers who took over the hotel and bought out their floors ... we could n't even `` buy '' a drink or go sit somewhere on the property ... we had to shuttle off property just to eat dinner for goodness sakes - no alcohol or food xcept for a small coffee shop was available to us for almost 3 full days - westin did n't care ! who says there is n't power and profit in pharmacuticals ? ..this property does not come close to the westin brand reputation ... try a different property ... we wont be back ! westin gets a - 1 rating for this visit !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a las vegas local and stayed for just one night to get out of town . when i went to check out i moved one of the pillows on the bed and there was dried blood on the sheets that was definitely not mine . it was verified by a housekeeping manager . when i went downstairs to check out the issue was treated as though it was not a big deal . blood born pathogens are a big deal , biological waste is a big deal , and sleeping in bloody sheets at a four star hotel is just unheard of , not to mention unsafe . i will not be staying at the westin again . the combination of bloody sheets and the casual disregard for the severity of the incident has informed me that this is not a place i wish to return to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our stay here was great , the atmosphere was excellent . i loved how quite it was . made us feel relaxed . the restaurants in here were delicious . we will be coming here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stayed here during a convention conference for work . as 3-star resorts go , this place is on the money . it 's clean but not very up-to-date . the staff is pleasant but there do n't seem to be enough of them in the restaurants , the bar lounge , nor can you easily track one down to ask questions . the lake is pretty and the pool area is nice . i would take plenty of sunscreen if you want to swim since there are n't many places to take refuge from the heat while out there . the veranda is nice at night where they have the fire pits . the food is your run-of-the-mill hotel offering . not bad , not great . the bar ran out of specific liquors and beers every night but they did seem to restock each morning . i would stay here again but with an understanding of what to expect .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my experience was not the best . location is the nicest at lake las vegas , but the rooms need updating . my credit card was charged 2x . we were supposed to get a $ 25 food bev credit which we did n't receive . they told us it would be credited at check out ( instead we were charged an additional $ 25 to our bill ! ! ! ) . the middle of the day the fire alarms were going off for over a hour.. no credit or discount on the room due inconvenience . the food at the cafe was horrible , do n't waste your money", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i stayed here for three nights while in town for business . yes , this place is away from vegas , but a simple map search shows that . plus , that fact makes it a great location to get work done , as there are fewer distractions . my coworkers and i had a great time at the lounge here and enjoyed all our meals at rick 's cafe , one of the restaurants onsite . we got a great rate , better than the rate i got in vegas , and i got free wi-fi and ethernet internet access , something unheard of in vegas . i 'd definitely suggest this resort for someone looking for the warmth of vegas but just to relax and not for the entertainment . one downside , at least from a business perspective , is that the screens and projectors are outrageously overpriced . you can buy a new projector for the cost of renting one for a day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful property . staff and food all 5 star . executive chef saw us sitting on patio with our dog and came over with a bowl of water . it 's the extra steps that make a resort great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no one come here cause i want it all to myself ! ! ! ! this place is not only nice as for the view and the area , but the people , workers , and all the fun free stuff you get , 1st off ... a water slide ! ! ! free kayak , free breakfast buffet , which is yummy . the rooms are nice , but could use some new d\u00e9cor . the fitness room is real good , they have water and fruit in there , the tread-mills have tv 's ! plenty of places to sit that have nice views . just the greatest place on earth . i shall return yall", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3rd time staying here and i love it every time ! a special thank you to jose who served us dinner on saturday night at rick 's and then managed to be our guy sunday and monday by the pool ! best service ever ! ! ! kept the beef tenderloin pizza coming along with the mojitos ! westin upgrade our room to a small villa for valentine 's day weekend which made it all the more special . look forward to returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staycation with the kids if you can get a deal . 2 big pools , one with a waterslide . beach , kayaks . swim in movies . s'mores . playground at the pool . parking . resort fee comes with free watercraft use - finally getting something for the $ 25 fee . all around good place . staff could be more friendly , lifeguards more attentive . otherwise perfect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is our favorite stay-cation property in vegas . perfect for families . people want to complain about additional fees . compared to other hotels in vegas , you have 2 pools , lake activities etc . it 's wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far so good . came to a day-cation with lynn and being mid-week there is hardly any crowds ! nice to not have to deal with kids or strip-douche bags who think they own the world . might have to upgrade review to 5 stars depending on the rest of the stay ! update so we 'll keep it 3.7 stars rounding benefit to 4 stars . pool staff was ok. spa staff was ok too but had the feeling they did n't want us in being close to closing . the spa itself is nothing special just lockers for each sex and a dry sauna , ca n't i just stand outside for that ? no chill or heat pools rooms , no coed area , just average for a westin . we were expecting better i guess . front desk staff very nice and accommodating , staff at rick 's restaurant nice . room should have had 2 robes instead of one , but products are of good quality and you get starbuck 's for in room coffee maker ! let 's see how we sleep ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "marvelous , quiet , lovely and just amazing ! i woke up to ducks , lakes and green landscape ! i will come again without the kids for sure totally romantic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible experience . i am livid . we reserved room on a third party site since they would n't allow one night reservations on their website . the room was over 100 dollars more than on their website . the bell men never greeted us and asked to help with bags . my husband carried them from parking lot . i get its cold out were cold too but walk outside and ask if we want help . is t that your job ? we got to room . there were two full size beds . i called and asked to be switched and they said they ca n't . i 'm 8 plus months pregnant and they would n't accommodate . my husband and i had to sleep in separate beds . the walls are like paper . i was up all night with neighbors dog and noises . try a different t hotel next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "teally gone down hill ! new owners are changing tjings not good ! closed second pool during spring break ... . no more free smores and took away most fire pits they were known for . staff doesnt even know restaurants tomes . was told breakfast was only u yil 11 - had coupon for it and at 11 was turned away to find the buffet was still open until 12 ... lost value of coupon . wifi does not work at pool , there is one but you have to pay its extra ! paid for lke view ... got parking lot ! i have only been here one night and all of this ! ugh will not return until the fix it !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "clean , comfy , nice staff , beautiful grounds . would stay again . a bit of a drive to get to the strip but it gives you the best of both worlds .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stayed here in may 2016 what a beautiful resort kind of like paradise in the middle of nowhere is how i would explain it.. check in was easy and and they even upgraded up.. the pools and lake were amazing the views amazing ... the free shuttle to the strip so nice it takes about 1 2 hour we took uber one night and it was 36 to get there but coming back was 60 due to it surging .. but still cheaper than a taxi .. the free kayaks were awesome we did the whole lake we stopped at the little village accross the way but very little going on there .. the rooms are spacious and clean but could be upgraded ... will definitely stay here again ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was decent , we were promised a lake view room for the price we paid and instead got a wonderful view of the parking lot . the room was disgusting . rust on the shower , no extra toilet paper , they did n't even bother cleaning the coffee machine . there was mold on a previously used coffee packet ... ... used qtips inside our ice bucket ... ... curtains had moth holes . honestly i 've been to motel 6 's with cleaner rooms . this was disgusting .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was a fabulous view of lake , nature , green , beautiful . and great location with kayak option and golf . woot . just walking around nice also", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is soooooo beautiful you can swim in the lake you can rent kayak 's there are 2 pools water slides lifeguards man made beach front restaurants on site with delicious food it was so beautiful i was ready to move from san diego", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the best time staying here for a staycation for my boyfriend 's bday . the staff took care of us , the views are beautiful . very romantic . it 's an oasis . the pools are my favorite and the waterslide is a must ! only ate room service , but it was delicious . i ca n't wait to go back on another well needed trip away .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when reading other reviews for the westin lake las vegas , i was little afraid of what my experience would be . i must say that i was pleasantly surprised . i had such a great experience . the staff were all very nice , and always greeted me . the rooms were clean , the refrigerator worked , and the pools were open until 10pm ! ( i loved that ) . there are two pools , and one small one for a infant that 's a little warmer as well , which i thought was wonderful , so baby can really enjoy pool . i was able to do kayaking and paddle boarding with no problem.i felt i needed to review this hotel since i had such a positive experience . i was there from friday 06 19 2015-06 22 2015 . i ca n't think of a negative comment . all in all , great time for my family and i. oh , and i love that it is a no smoking facility . very relaxing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a wonderful and peaceful getaway if you are ever wanting to get out of the hustle and bustle of vegas life but do n't want to go far . my husband i do quick getaways here when we ca n't leave town . with only 20 minutes from where we live , its a world away and its so quiet and the staff are so hospitable and accomodating . its been a wonderful experience everytime we come here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fiance and i stayed here this past weekend to finalize plans for our upcoming wedding in april . this property is absolutely gorgeous , even in the winter month of january . the views of the lake are just phenomenal and this resort has an extremely relaxed feel , compared to the crazy hustle and bustle of the las vegas strip . it is truly a gem . the service we have received from the catering sales manager , rodney , has been fantastic as well . he has helped us out so much to help organize and plan the details of our wedding . thank you rodney ! ! ! we did a tasting yesterday afternoon too and were able to meet with the chefs to discuss our requests for the reception . the food was amazing ! the chefs were so personable too ! i have not a single complaint . we could n't be more excited to celebrate our special day here at the westin . they truly go above and beyond !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very disappointing stay . service levels are low and the staff has some bright spots but generally does n't seem to care much about the guests or the quality of our stay . the hotel itself is well maintained but it feels like a shell and that there 's nothing to it other than four walls . there 's a hilton up the street that i would recommend as a higher quality , lower price and less entitled place to stay .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we 've stayed here several times . my husband and i love lake las vegas so we come out and either stay here or the other 2 options , depending on who has better deal . westin had a groupon for this time . the rooms are nice and staff very pleasant . the only reason i am giving it 3 stars is that the upper pool looks like a cloudy green lagoon . not acceptable . it was only the upper pool which is the pool we want to use , since there is less children at that 1 . i wo n't come back here in the summer time if this is going to be the case because it is what we like to do while we stay here in the summer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "valet , front desk , food servers , house cleaners , everyone that i came in contact with was very courteous and accommodating . i had fantastic meals at the sushi restaurant and room service ( excellent asparagus ! ) . between the squealing swimmers and the private party with concert , 4th floor pool side proved to be quite noisy . however , the staff did offer to relocate any guests that desired to move . the room was very spacious with a super comfortable bed . i would 've benefited from more light as i had to work . i enjoyed the massage at the spa and the outdoor jacuzzi . i would certainly return . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent hotel and resort . stayed in june . surprisingly kid family friendly . the hotel played dispicable me at the pool saturday night . the activity director gave my 3 year old son a somores kit as we had lunch on property . there is a bond fire on the beach there at night . great pool .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just had our wedding here and the staff are amazing ! our wedding coordinators amberly and desire were top notch . the catering or banquet manager was amazing . the hotel was very accommodating and considerate of my guests . we were treated really well . though the rooms are fairly basic . it 's not a crazy modern updated room , but i feel they offer a lot when it comes to amenities . sadly , i was unable to use any of them : ( but we plan to go back . it 's a nice place to get away from the strip . if you 're thinking about having a wedding , or any function , you should definitely have it at the westin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rooms are dirty ! it looks like they do n't clean them throughly . the corners and edges of carpets where it meets the wall are all full of old white dust & lent . carpet has dark spots of old spillage . shower head & faucet do not work properly . rooms are in need of deep cleaning . i do not advise or recommend a stay at this `` resort '' .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i arrived shortly before 3:00 and was told my room was n't ready . they sounded apologetic and told me that they would call me when my room was ready . i waited over two hours before i called to check on the room . i was n't able to reach the front desk but the operator told me she would check on the room and call me back . at 6:30 i received a call from the front desk telling that my room was n't ready but they found a room for me . the person made me feel like he was doing me a favor . i also seemed to bea bother to the front desk clerk but they offered me two free drink coupons for my inconvenience . the room i received was n't as clean as i expected . i used the drink coupons that night and received poor service at best from the waitress . overall a very poor experience . one star is generous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i may have given this place a 5 , but my request for an 11am check-in was not honored . i wanted an early check in so that i can start getting ready for my wedding in a few hours ... yet i 'm still waiting in the sitting area . the room is empty at 11am and needs to be cleaned ... it 's an hour and a half later and it 's still not clean . i guess being a starwood preferred member means nothing . i 'm not very happy right now and i 'm supposed to get married at 5 today .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a convention here and the resort seemed a little dated for vegas . the staff was spot on and our convention went off without a hitch . i worked a lot so i was not able to enjoy a lot of the hotel besides the dinning options . they were both really nice for a hotel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted to give a good review to james in the valet . i road my bike from las vegas blvd and i 'm staying at the hotel . we i arrived i was completely out of breath and water . several other valet walked past me or acknowledged me but james saw me said hello what could he do to accommodate me and offered me water . he demeanor was friendly and helpful he is a wonderful asset to your property . impressed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in love with the westin . i wish there was endless stars to give . customer service was on point . we ordered room service a few times and each time they came right away . we also ate at ricks cafe , service was a little slow but since it was just me and the hubs it was nice to talk . robes are to die for . i actually ordered one online along with their spa collection . we took the shuttle to the strip and the gentleman who.took us made sure we had contact information for a legit taxi service to bring us back ( we were coming back way late ) . he was very sweet and gave us a bunch of information . we called his recommended taxi and ended up getting back in a stretch hummer ! love it . and i love the westin . we will be returning for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the westin did a groupon which said pool access for 4 guest and one spa service per guest . i bought the groupon and booked an appointment with the spa for my 4 guest . 2 hours later they called me and said they had made a mistake and the groupon should have said one spa service instead of one per guest . they would not honor my groupon even though it clearly says one spa service per guest . i emailed the general manager and his assistant called me back and said they will not honor the groupon but will give me a happy hour pricing for the other 3 massages . in my opinion if something is in writing it should be honored . obviously the westin does n't feel the same way . i am very disappointed in their customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "following our review , we immediately contacted by the general manager . i am extremely impressed in how our concerns were handled . we will definitely return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome getaway ... relaxing . clean rooms . complimentary drives to the strip and nearby casino . 2 complimentary drinks ( alcoholic ) and breakfast for two . free use of paddleboards paddleboats kayaks in the lake awesome pools", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are spending 4th of july 2017 at the westin and i was met at the front desk by matt who checked me in . he is exemplary in providing customer service and a wonderful representative for the hotel . the westin is very lucky to have matt as an employee ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good family oriented resort . great pool , slides , and free kayak rental . room is nice and clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great time ! staff was friendly , grounds were pretty . kids loved the pool and slide , kayaking , and paddle boarding . tried both restaurants and pool side service and have nothing but good things to say . family friendly and would go again ! had a message and that was very nice also . we had a groupon as we did n't even know this area was there . would go again for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been staying here for family vacations for years ( sense the hyatt days ) , and i truly love this property . in recent years i 've been staying here 2-3 times yr . true , it is in need of some updating , however i have never had any major problems with the rooms . everything has always been functional for me , and rooms have always been clean . the location is not great if your looking for a typical vegas experience . its about 30 min to drive to the strip . i love this location , because its close enough to experience everything on the strip , and far enough away to get away and relax . my only complaint would be the resort fee , i find it to be a little excessive for what is offered .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a great hotel but the rooms were n't as nice as the rest of the hotel . the property itself is gorgeous . i sure did n't feel like i was in las vegas", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed 2 nights as a staycation and had a great time . the food at ricks was great for breakfast and dinner . we were able to bring our chocolate labrador too as its a pet friendly resort . the kids had a blast swimming , kayaking and all the other activities . just far enough out of town to make you feel like you are nowhere near the strip . thank for a great stay !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the room . very nice view of the lake . i like the man-made beach with white sand . pretty ! the spa here is not worth going to . except for the aveda shampoo and conditioner in the shower . there 's no jacuzzi ! ! ! wth ! the location is very far from vegas . so if you plan on gambling . do n't stay here . overall , i like the hotel itself . so i will be back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have loved our stay here . the staff are so nice and accommodating . we will definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i grew up in las vegas , frequently visiting casinos , resorts , and restaurants . last weekend i attended an event at the westin , and was appalled by the service . the bartender was incredibly disinterested & rude , and the valet service was poorly set up . i can not believe that there is a $ 15 charge for valet , and payment needs to be made in cash . i only had a card , and had to wait in a 20 minute line at the hotel registration where the confused staff struggled to accept payment . i highly encourage the westin to up their service game . it is far below the experience visitors to las vegas expect .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very nice property , awesome views of the lake with a relaxing effect . however , the pool area and bar close way too early . i would expect more out of the price tag it come with . rooms were very clean and definitively a relaxing experience , but the nightlife in the hotel and its surrounding areas is seriously deprived , unless you want to drive 45+ mins to the strip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i gave it a 3 because the location is just beautiful besides that i will not stay there again for free . booked the honeymoon suite last year and they had a loud and obnoxious wedding reception right under our window . at 500 a night for two nights ? ? definitely not what we wanted for our wedding night . tried staying there again this year and they had a huge convention and once again we were bombarded by loud obnoxious drunk people . if we wanted that we just would have stayed in town . pretty obvious that this location caters more towards the masses then the individual", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the place to stay if you are looking for a vacation instead of a casino trip to vegas . you will feel like you 're in another country . the strip is close enough if you are renting a car . the beach area and overlook is extremely nice . i liked all the fire pits set up around the hotel and on the beach . the pool area is nice as well . it felt like a really small hotel which was nice after having to walk a mile from your room to anywhere on the strip hotels . i will most likely stay here next time i 'm in vegas . for the rate i paid it was an easy 5 star rating . i do n't know what more i could want in a hotel for the money paid .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great - relaxing - romantic getaway ! ! we loved it and plan to return soon ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like this hotel . it 's sooo quiet and far from everything so it really feels like an oasis from the city . we stayed here for valentine 's day and had a great time . comfy beds , and nice service . they are doing construction on the pool which was a bummer but the other pool was open .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the worst westin experience coming from a 6 year starwood member . the overall feel you get is that management does n't care . pools were murky with trash littered all over . the hostess at rick 's cafe could barely muster a few words when we were asking about the menu and seating . the rooms were very worn . it was so bad we called corporate to cancel our remaining 2 nights and booked another hotel near the strip . the only bright spot was the concierge valet staff . they were very quick , accommodating , and had a great attitude .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "used to live on the south shore of lake las vegas when i first moved to town , but never actually stayed at the hotel ( at the time it was loew 's ) . excellent experience , loved the outdoor patio area with the fire pits . great restaurants , the manager at rick 's cafe gave us exceptional service . nice gym . only downside is that the spa has strange hours , closed early and could n't book a massage after checking in . highly recommend this place , great escape destination .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got a last minute room late on a thursday night , arrived to a friendly receptionist , room upgrade , refreshingly quiet peaceful clean room and hotel , and nice pool . separate kid-friendly activity pool keeps the `` adult '' pool fairly quiet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely wonderful ! we were upgraded to a king room overlooking the lake , and woke up each morning to the most spectacular sunrises ! the staff at this moroccan-themed hotel was exceptionally friendly , the pool was wonderful ( plenty of chairs to sit in , even on a busy holiday weekend ) , and the food was sublime . we were greeted with candy-covered strawberries in our room in addition to the upgrade , and luxuriated in the heavenly bed and trademark robes . we will definitely be returning for a longer trip next time , who would n't want to stay in the lap of luxury again ? ! ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "currently staying here . everything about this place is pretty nice . although we are not impressed with how well it 's kept up . does n't seem right with our usual westin experiences . we were completely neglected out first night in the lounge just trying to get to drinks and food . the next day we came back to our room with the ceiling full of bugs , looked like something out of a horror show , and cockroaches everywhere outside at night .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we came for a short weekend get away . it was too cold to swim in november but we enjoyed the views and ambiance of this hotel . my husband and i both got massages . the facilities were lovely but the messuse was rushed and average in her skills . we stayed in a junior suite . it had a beautiful view of the lake and a very comfortable bed . the people in the room next to us could be heard and we also heard a baby cry two rooms down . overall it was good way to visit vegas with a spa get away .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in the former copoli burger location , close to the main has arisen a taco shop with a clean , fun decor and one heck of a get-you-in-the-door special ( on tuesdays ) - taco tuesdays ... and what a deal it is $ 1 each . yep , for real , any of their 6 or so topped tacos ( authentic size to boot ) - so you can mix and match . i got three for a snack - even one with tofu - and believe it or not it was worthy of the buck or even more . now , for that ice part . well it 's not that kind of ice , but i 'll explain soon . i 'll let you guess for the moment . more on this fresh local find tucked away neatly a few locals from the classic cross roads of the island . ok , i 'll spill the beans , the ice stands for a dessert , which in turn stands for popsicles . sounds good to me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the cheese quesadilla trio . i do n't know what constitutes at cheese these days but it felt like cheese mixed with a thick corn starchy b\u00e9chamels . i ate it fast so it could go down with having to taste more of the first bite . definitely not mexican or tex-mex . the fries were good . so was the hot mayo . i would n't bother going back unless i was really hungry or drunk . maybe the other items on he menu are better ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i wanted to try a new taco place , so we ended up at ice and tacos . my boyfriend got the jalape\u00f1o tacos trio and i got the don patron quesadilla trio . we both enjoyed our meal but it just did n't hit the `` spot '' . it 's a very small restaurant and lovely decorations and the service was great . they answered all our questions . overall , good food and service but it just did n't hit the `` spot '' . i would recommend this place to friends and family .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have n't tried the tacos here , but the burritos are damn tasty . the ingredients are fresh , the sauce is on point , but most importantly , it does n't drip all over the place like those soggy burritos you 're used to getting from whatever shady tex-mex place just opened up around the corner from your house . i also ca n't speak for the fries , but an order just went by and they looked like the crispiest potatoes i 've ever seen in montreal . will report back shortly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worse food and service . ordered online and some of my food was missing . i wish i could say that the food that was there was even edible . they had the nerve to tell me they could n't deliver the missing items to me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "employees are unhelpful and very rude . took me 2 minutes in this location to realize that i need to stay with verizon . i would not reccomend this location to anyone ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have been pleased with t mobile service for 15 years , but this was worst store ever . we were ignored for about 15 minutes , then we told the tmobile guy our phone worked fine , but our sim card gave an error message once in a while . he put in a new sim card and then the phone would n't work at all . he told us too bad , we need to buy a new phone . what ? ? it worked fine when we walked in , and then he told us our sim reader was `` jacked '' and the only solution was to buy a new phone . i left and called tmobile , and they are sending us a new phone no charge . stay away from this store ! poor customer service and staff is not knowledgeable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just had a bad experience with this store . i have 3 lines with t-mobile and my sim in one of them stopped working . i came hear because i was in the area . the associate wanted to charged me $ 25 for a 1 cent sim . i also felt i was n't welcomed because i waited so long when no one was helping any other customers . just my opinion but she should n't be working here if she does n't know which sim fits an iphone 7", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went in to activate and older phone and lupita hooked it up , not only did she give me her word a week earlier that she would help me out , but the day i went back she was n't there and the staff handled my issues with the most awesome customer service . even though i live on the other side of town i still refuse to go to any other store but that one . thanks to the staff for being so nice and friendly . especially lupita .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst customer service i 've experienced at a t-mobile store . which is a shame , because t-mobile is an awesome company with amazing coverage ! i walked in to add a line , and only one other customer was in the store . the other rep not helping that customer was on his personal cell phone for five minutes , smiling and laughing , completely ignoring me while i stood there waiting . after he got off the phone , he stood there smiling at his phone and continuing to ignore me . two other reps came in while i stood there and also ignored me , while laughing and talking together . these guys do n't seem to take their job seriously . i walked out , and no one tried to stop me . no commission for them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "utter incompetence ( guadalupe and fern ) . impetuousness and lack of service . they do n't understand their own products and are obviously not concerned with the customers ' interests .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this t-mobile store has terrible customer service . i recommend you not going to the store . i waited about an hour and a half just to pay my bill . yes they did ignore me most of time . i asked one of the employees how long was the wait and they told me i do n't know whenever i get done .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 're reading this , it 's too late . i do n't mind drinking the drake kool-aid once in a while and the cocktails were delicious ( and beautiful ) indeed . the spicy maple chicken was the yolo dish of the meal . decor and tunes are exactly what you 'd expect . apparently every wednesday night someone performs smooth jazzy renditions of current and classic hip hop and r & b . there are going to be haters , but why change , fring 's ? just do you , you six god praying emoji .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow . what a place . great food . we sat in the basement where drake hangs out . there is a photobooth to take pics . upstairs is noisy . ask to sit downstairs . the food is excellent . the service even better . sliders were great ; pasta was special lamb chops to die for . susur burger was very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it took us 3 month to get reservation at frings . we went 3 couples that love to eat and drink ! ! ! ! they gave us a half moon shape table we were squishy and hot ( not a good start ) . place was n't so busy i may add , so i do n't get the 3 month over hyped wait ! ! ! the service was friendly . we love food so we ordered the chef menu ( $ 60 per person and they bring you random dishes on the menu ) . it took a while for the food to come out and in between dishes . i really did n't think the food was that amazing at all . nothing to brag or wait 3 month to eat there . one thing for sure the brought the drinks order much faster than the food . end result we paid $ 300 a couple with tip . atmosphere decor 7.5 10 me personally ca n't see my self going back there . cheers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "overall rating : 3.8 5 good energy - not a fancy interior but a funky one . great service ( had a male waiter-forgot his name ) mushroom truffle pasta was delicious . the tacos were okay . had the bao tacos and fish tacos . ceviche ..do n't remember what it tasted like . chicken waffle not bad ! slow cooked braised beef ribs was tasty ! tip : park across the street in the underground parking . i think like most customers in their 20s.. i was hoping for drake or some celebrity to swing by but nope it was just a regular thursday night ! so people , do n't get your hopes up . overall ... enjoyed the experience !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food & service was pretty good.. but $ 80 for a small pitcher of sangria ? ! ? ! daaayyuuummm.. i started at the bottom but now i 'm here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the wait for the food was super long . the food was good , but not great . overpriced . but i guess if your a drake fan you have to make your way here . tree out of 10 for sure . no forest .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a great place to wine and dine your date , or others you want to celebrate with ! located at spadina ave and king st w , it 's the perfect place to have your dinner before a great night out . ambiance : swanky , delicious , and cool . servers are super nice when you ask them anything . i did have to ask some of the servers to refill my water so that was a bit off but not bad at all . decor was super nice though ! asian steak - it was quite good , however it was quite heavy on the potatoes . grilled octopus - although it was nicely flavored , it was n't much for a main course . good thing my company ate beforehand . overall , a good restaurant however there are many better restaurants on king st w .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is definitely a restaurant on the fancier side . we came here on a friday night . we ordered the guac , the crab cakes , surf and turf sliders and the fried chicken . the food overall was very good . i thought the guac really helped fill us up more so than the other dishes . the fried chicken , sliders and crab cakes were quite good . the ambience and attentive service were definite plusses . the different kitchen staff came out to explain the dish to us in great detail . side note , i loved the drink names . i was a bit disappointed in the cocktail prices . overall , it was definitely interesting to see a drake and susur lee collaboration come to fruition i liked the decor and overall ambience . i probably will not return unless i happen to be in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disappointed with my experience at frings . was really excited to try it out , had some friends visit from out of town and i had suggested frings . service was terrible , and as the night progressed , it got worst and worst . i 've been to lees multiple times and it 's not even comparable . food was good , but will not go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here for a friends birthday . definately not impressed . the service was awful right from the beginning . we felt like our waitress was ignoring our table ( 4 people ) and it just got worse and worse . it took 3.5 hours to get everything we ordered ! 45 minutes for fries ? ! people that came in after us , and ordered after us , left before us ! they even ordered some of the same things . once we started complaining all of the waitresses cared even less ... .. ( dont you want to make our experience better ? do you want a tip ? ? ) the bathrooms are far away and down 2 sets of stairs : the food was ok , but definately not worth the price tag . the only positive part was the patio , it was beautiful . would not ever come back . unless they hired all new staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! i came here for the first time for my birthday , and it certainly lived up to the hype . while the food was amazing and the waiters fantastic , what really sold me was the vibe of this place . me and my friends were really able to enjoy ourselves while dining to our favourite songs . additionally , the decor of the place was sublime ! there was even a rolling bar cart where the waitress could make drinks table-side . we were all very impressed . i would highly recommend the melt-in-your-mouth short rib as well as the jk fries , but honestly , you ca n't go wrong !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ever since this place opened , i 've been dying to get a reservation . although the sign is quite modest and the place is n't the easiest to find , the restaurant lives up to the hype . drake and susur lee 's cached away restaurant is the perfect blend of toronto-based references asian inspired shareables . come with a group of friends because all of the plates are meant to be served tapas style . although the drinks are a bit on the pricey side , the sangria is definitely worth the price . the cocktail waitress came out with a sangria cart and explained the process while serving the cups to the table . great service . great food . great atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "felt like i paid $ 24 for $ 5 worth of popeyes chicken . didnt love the food but the atmosphere was nice . disappointed as i had high hopes for this place . i love the other restaurants by su sur lee so i dont know why this menu deviated from his usual standards . didnt like the burger - the meat felt like they had blended in beef tendons which i didnt expect .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "generous portions , and delicious food . shared one appetizer and got an entree , and that was plenty . excellent drink list . our waiter was nice , but service took too long . we had to wait over a half hour after being seated to actually order food . and it took way too long to refill water after i asked . but man , do n't live of di hype huh ? check it out for yourself .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we got seated by the emergency exit door where it seems to be an extra space . it was cold and ruined the whole dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty hyped up and popular right now however i did n't find that anything really stood out . you can find better tasting cocktails and food at many other downtown restaurants . we sat at the bar since no tables were free . the bar is rather large so it 's actually quite comfortable eating a meal there . i did love the decor and feel of the place but nothing else would really draw me back to frings in the future .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quite possibly , the worst service i 've ever received . dismissive staff allowed us to sit for 1.25 hours without attention . very sad this is the impression i have of toronto fine dining .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had a really nice experience . friendly staff and really nice atmosphere . each dish that my friends and i were sharing was absolutely delicious . loved the grilled octopus , chicken and waffles and the crab cakes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to fring 's twice in one week , on wednesday and on a saturday . the food is very good and on wednesday it took a long time to arrive at our table but we thought that it was because it was a busy night . the backup waiter chico was very friendly and told us some places to visit while in town . we brought another friend back on saturday and this was a nightmare . our reservation was for 9:00pm and they brought us to our table by 9:20 . we still had not been asked for our order or been brought a drink by 10:00pm when i finally had to complain . the rest of the evening was downhill , the music and crowd was so loud that we had to raise our voices to talk to each other and each dish took at least 20+ minutes to come out after we ordered . i had to ask other waiters to please get our waiter twice because he was mia for over 15 minutes both times when we needed silverware or another drink .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was super slow , food was ok , drinks were the highlight .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice atmosphere , however , it took a very long time to get our food . the server was nice enough to check in a few times at the end to explain why our dessert was taking so long . overall , i 'd come back but just for drinks !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely beautiful patio . i would definitely come back and have drinks here again . the food ? so so . the spicy tuna tartare was n't spicy at all . the fried chicken was crispy , but the batter came right off when i cut into it . sorry , that 's a big no no for fried chicken and for battered food in general ! the octopus was cooked well but it did n't pair well with the tapenade , it actually made them both more bitter . drinks were good . expensive of course , but that 's to be expected for king west .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "loved it ! amazing food and great music . hard to get a reservation but managed to get one in the bar area ! the avocado toast was bomb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came to frings , drakes restaurant , on a monday night with 6pm reservations . the service was great and the place was clearly too cool for me . but with great friendly service it does n't matter if you do n't feel like you fit it . a drink cart rolls by every now and then with prepared cocktails . our waitress picked our foods for us - and was confident in being able to profile us to do so . she did well - although i cant remember what we had . i do n't think the bill was cheap but the experience was good and the food decent so i 'd go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great fusion . really enjoy the tacos . the atmosphere is cool . very toronto hip interesting cocktails .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the venue is really cute and the music they played was awesome . the customer service was amazing , our waiter was very enthusiastic and came by to check up on us frequently ! you guys have to try their sangria it was absolutely amazing , the rose pedals gave it such a lovely taste . the food are mainly sharing plates , the sliders are delicious and so are the truffle fries , we ordered a few more other things but i guess i had one two too many shots to remember what they were lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we tried frings on thursday , dec 16 2016 . ordered the beets and ricotta salad , short rib tacos , jk frites , crab cakes and monkey bread . the food was mediocre and non memorable with the exception of the tacos . the service was terrible ! the waitress had no tact and was pushy in getting us to settle our bill . even after complaining to the manager who told us to take our time , the shitty waitress came back to rush us to settle up . terrible service ... i wo n't be back . susur lee and drake should be embarrassed to be associated with this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rating for bad food bad and rude service and for removing my last review . i thought yelp is the place where bad reviews do n't get deleted . shame", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had wanted to go to fring 's since they opened , and i found the food pretty good . the ambiance was great and super trendy , the service was hit and miss , some of the staff were super nice and others quite pretentious . it 's a nice night out at a trendy resto owned by drake . the food is not amazing , as it could be for the price you are paying , but it 's pretty good . i would give it 3.5 5 , but do n't know how to select half a star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food : if you want overpriced snacks at an average taste go here ... went to subway sandwiches after the snack-accident . service : our server waited half an hour to ask if we wanted more snacks even though he had forgotten two of our initial orders . our orders included : coconut mojito , chicken sliders , tacos , crab cakes , and truffle fries total $ 100 . pro tip their is 18 % gratuity that is mandatory .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "frings is surprisingly affordable and the food is really good . the drinks are all quite expensive but damn , they 're strong . ambience is gorgeous , albeit a bit cramped , and the servers are definitely attentive . one star off because on the truffle pasta on which i added the $ 18 truffle topping , it did n't look like i got any .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not something that blew my mind and would urge me to go back . ambiance was nice . food was amazing . but some staff did not meet my expectations . my experience thoughts : -a worker walks in rounds with a sangria specialty drink that is available to purchase . noticed she asked all the tables except for me . however , i was sick and just ordered hot water so maybe she noticed that ... but would still be nice to be offered it . -music was great -interiors were interesting -food quality and combinations was perfect and would recommend -service is rated average or below average for the vibe and vision of the restaurant ( some staff ) -hostess was very friendly , had no problem moving us to a lounge seat overall just satisfied !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cool spot . beautiful people . loving the music . went there for drinks with friends around 11pm and had two desserts with our cocktails which tasted pretty good ( lava cake and the monkey bread ) . nothing sensational but good and well presented . you can see that there are still a few growing pains of a new restaurant that 's trying to learn its flow , with front desk staff not really knowing when the kitchen closes , and not getting the usual table clots and water that comes with having some food served . no big deal at all though , and the waitstaff were super keen , cheerful , and were checking in on the regular . fun vibe . and if drake came in and pretended to be my homey i 'd be so psyched .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a must if you love amazing food combined with a vibrant dining experience . frings is like nothing i have been to before . the restaurant is gorgeous . appropriately dim with brick , wood , and leather . cozy tables , a perfect setting . chic and inviting without any pretentiousness . the staff were amazing . service was timed perfectly . the food was incredible . we had several share plates . the grilled asparagus was perfectly done . the squash ravioli was delicious . we also had the fried chicken , which was to die for ! ! the drinks were delicious . the whole experience was a treat for the senses . i will definitely be going again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is unbelievable - as are the cocktails ! it definitely has nice ambiance as well - my only complaint is that they make a big deal about splitting bills for parties.. `` it 's too time consuming '' is what i was told . your customers are n't worth your time.. ? left a bad taste in my mouth ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really wanted to love this place . but the food was disappointing and overpriced for what you get . the good : went on a wednesday night . live hip hop cover band . great ambience . good date place for sure . tasty cocktails ( with nyc prices though , so not for everyone ) . the average : food was just ok . i had sort of upscale big mac mini burgers . avacado on toast . short-ribs that were really flavorless . i 'm a huge susur lee fan . maybe we just tried the wrong food items , but we 've only been back for drinks and apps .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "underwhelmed . great food however service was subpar . i 'm a fan of susur lee ... .wish i could have given a better review .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is good and has an adorable patio tucked away while still being right on king west . service is very attentive and friendly . i heard a girl in the bathroom say `` this place is good but what 's up with all the rap music ? '' lol i guess that 's what happens when you go to a restaurant co-created by a rapper ? that made me laugh . overall , definitely would recommend checking this place out for the ambiance , food , and drink .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here before a raptors basketball game and was thoroughly impressed with the quality of the food . great service from staff here as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the pleasure of going for my birthday and it was amazing . our server taylor was awesome , extremely knowledgeable and helpful . the staff is on top of everything , kept our table nice a clean always checked on us . i suggest this place for anyone , the music is great too . might be loud for the older crowd though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for a tuesday night , this place was pretty happening . it 's a great spot for some cocktails and bites . the food was pretty good , with decent ( to small ) portions . we had the avocado toast , meatballs , shrimp , branzino and potato rosti and they were all quite nice . the service was nice as well and our waiter made some good recommendations . the proper ting is pretty good and i would get it again but could do with a tad more love . all in all a good experience and i would visit again if someone else suggested it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drake hype aside , this place is fantastic ! you 'll have a fantastic time , drink phenomenal cocktails and eat even better food . the service was impeccable and they have the best live , instrumental hip-hop band in town on wednesday nights .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far i 've been here and to lee out of celebrity chef susur lee 's restaurants . i enjoyed frings much more out of the two . located on king west , the restaurant described their menu as international comfort food which was reflected by a selection ranging from southern style fried chicken to korean marinated skirt steak . the food was all very good both by taste and presentation . we shared six dishes among four people and were satisfied with everything we had . cocktails and the wine list were generally good although definitely on the pricier end and the caesar was not very good . ambience was great and service started good although it deteriorated as the restaurant filled up . overall , we ended up spending less than at lee for a much better tasting meal , i would definitely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can honestly say it was nothing to rave about ! they played mostly drake songs i felt like i was at a concert lol and we waited about an hour to get our drinks and order.. and if the food was fantastic it would be worth it but it was n't it was ok.. i much enjoy all of lee 's other restaurants much better and if i 'm going to spend the money i 'd rather go there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i made reservations for my birthday and i wish i had n't . my waitress was sweet and insisted we ordered several things and split it between my sister and myself . but everything went left after there we ordered a chicken sandwich which was the only good thing we had : the salmon was raw the truffle fries were over cooked and nearly burned it got to the point we started turning food back the bill was not worth the dining staff not to mention the decor and music in there was terrible the music constantly shifted and was never consistent one minute it went from drake to the supremes . my chair had fur in it there 's mirrors and funky chandlers . but the bathrooms were cute they had 6 god for th guys and 6 godettes for the girls . just go for the bathroom lol", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stella is my favorite designer . i love everything she is about , the environment , the animals , etc . i have been familiar w stella for some time now but have never treated myself . when i went to las vegas i had to go to the stella store , just for the experience . and , i did , and it was a great experience . on the front they had displayed a cat in these cool lights and on the bottom had a peta logo ! when i went in , by the cash register there was a donation advertisement for cats ! i love it ! the sales people were very helpful and very nice . i 'm pleased w my experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the store is lovely , sadly the sales associates are not . this store is located in crystals shopping center which has only high end stores . there was n't a single other store that was as snooty as this one . not fun .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "5 stars for the phenomenal staff ( every single one of them ) , the amazing selection of children 's clothes , and stella 's impressive ethical designs ! i came in here in june 2011 to pick up an item for my friend 's 1 year-old , and was floored by the staff 's approachability , helpfulness , and genuine friendliness . my friends and i ended up spending over half an hour in here just browsing , and talking and laughing with the sales staff . i purchased a children 's sweater , which they beautifully gift-wrapped . by far the best shopping experience i have had in las vegas to date ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in this store to browse with my mom ; the sales lady could n't have been nicer and made us feel very welcome ! : ) did n't buy anything yet , but the purse is still on my mind .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for the first time last night . it is definately a welcome addition to the area ! it was busy but not packed , and there were 4 bartenders on , ensuring prompt service every time . the people working are definately not the most knowledgable ( i know , i know , the place is still new ) but they are extremely friendly and went out of their way to make sure that every drink tasted a-ok ! i got mai-tai 's the whole night ( took me back to south beach ! ) and they were very good . the others in my group enjoyed basic mixed drinks and tasty martinis . the place had great music on and a fun movie in the background to look at . maybe they could get some more seating though , because last night was n't too busy and it was still difficult to snag a spot !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i could give 0 stars i would . the bartender working last night made me feel like i was doing her a favor by being a patron in her bar . i 'd rather give my money to a business that appreciates its customers . ak=fail", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great happy hour . fantastic prices . fun music and videos . a must stop by bar with a good neighborhood feel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really liked this place ! i guess i 'm a little surprised as i 've known about it for years but never thought it would be a place i 'd like to frequent . i mean , it 's basically attached to a pizza place . except , i now realize , not really ... it 's more that they share a hallway common area . lots of inventive drinks and decent prices for the quality . the bar is nice and dark with great ambient lighting . the young guy bartending was friendly and knowledgable when my husband asked him about some of the whiskey selections . this is most definitely a place that my husband and i will be adding to fitchburg area date nights . great for a pre or post dinner drink ! the reason i give 4 stars is i was n't thrilled with the music being played . it 's a juke box so i guess you 're at the mercy of whoever last picked the selections . check out my pics ... they do a better job describing the vive of the place than i can !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a casual place to come and great a drink . they let you bring in food from the pizza place next door . we like to sit outside on a sunny day and drink cocktails and eat pizza . they have a great happy hour too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved this place ! bartenders were incredibly friendly and efficient . you can bring in glass nickel pizza from across the hallway . try the key lime martini- or 3 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we needed something like this in the fitchburg area ! i love the daily specials - esp ladies night ! all around fun place to hang out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fun little bar . the atmosphere is very chill and it 's in a nice location . very friendly bartender !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just came back from a session ( $ 62 , 1 hour ) with julianne and feel like a swan trained in gymnastics . lots of organ stimulation and hot flood of purification sensations , reminds me of osteopathy plus reflexology but way cheaper than the former . you are also in a big room on a floor mat , surrounded by pillows - like a child at school naptime who won an award which is : all of the naps .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love you guys ! ! ! ask for siam and tell him dominique sent you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a personal trainer , i wanted to take some form of massage or fascial stretch therapy to help my clients in a holistic hands-on approach . one of my clients recommended thai massage so i booked an appointment with ajna to see if it was what i was looking for . and i can honestly say , the experience was mind-blowing . thai massage combines stretching , massage , compression decompression and basically everything i was looking to offer my clients that i could n't give them through training . deanna is a wonderful teacher . she emphasizes technique and form for the practitioners ( because how can you heal someone else 's body , if you are n't taking care of your own ? ) and makes all the lessons very easy to understand . i would recommend thai massage toronto to any fitness professional to better understand the body 's movement . and now , as a senior practitioner here , i know that the advanced levels ( after level 1 and 2 ) teach us amazing techniques for all different body types . definitely love both the school and clinic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had another thai massage at the clinic where i have been a regular for well over 10 years . i felt instantly relaxed just being in the studio , it has a great vibe : relaxed and peaceful . the atmosphere is one of gentle quiet , beautifully designed for rest . phoebe , the thai practitioner , was amazing ! my sore muscles were relieved of stress and i felt newly empowered . i was conscious of my calm breathing - inhale ... exhale ... . i was whole again for a week and felt refreshed . going back soon for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "diana is nothing short of amazing ! i had my first thai massage here . diana and thai massage are two of my new favourite things . i have been getting rmt massages at least monthly ( maybe more often ) for approximately the last 10 years . i have seen many therapists over this time and no one has impressed me as much as diana . i was just stunned by how amazing my first treatment was with her . i left feeling two inches taller than i was when i went it ! she has a wonderful peaceful energy which is also calming and reassuring .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had an amazing one hour session with kim ( but every time i 've come has been great , i 've just been lazy about getting a review up ) . the space is incredibly calming , and my body is always much better off after a visit . kim also gave me some stretches for my neck which i really appreciated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a one hour session with stacey . lovely peaceful girl with great attention to the client . i have and will repeat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing sine is a true healer and i could tell right away her energy is true . she really worked out the stress and tension in my body i was so relaxed i fell asleep during our session . her flow of energy is perfect for when she 's healing people with their pains and finds all the kinks that need to be worked out . highly recommend going to this place and doing your body a favor thai massage is the truth !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "superbe boutique , authentique et d'une autre \u00e9poque . l'\u00e9poque o\u00f9 fumer \u00e9tait un rituel lent et relaxant.. pas un manie chronique et d\u00e9sesp\u00e9ree de fumeurs de cigarette . des pipes faites sur place , des importations et des excellents prix . de multiples sortes de tabac dont des blends exclusifs . et surtout , un service parfait et sympathique . tant les fumeurs aguerris que les amateurs s'y sentiront \u00e0 l'aise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly and great service . best place in the city for all your cigar needs . this is what a cigar shop should be . even my wife who does n't smoke at all , thinks this shop is great . although i do n't smoke a pipe , they have a beautiful collection of pipes and pipe accessories .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "blatter and blatter ! one of the top pipe shops in north america . almost 110 years in business . that says it all ! they carry great products and make some of the finest pipes available . the pipe tobacco they carry is the best , freshest and most natural that can be bought anywhere . go and support them as i fear they will be railroaded out by the ridiculous attacks from the government of quebec . they are honest , hard working people who are happily willing to serve your needs and answer your questions . if the nazi government of quebec would leave them alone they could be here another 100 years ! visit this shop whether you are a pipe smoker of not ! they are a wonderful part of montreal 's history , generating revenue and providing an honest product and service for a century ... a great place to shop and great people to shop with . i 've been a customer for more than 35 years and will continue to be until the end of my days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place , mr. blatter is very kind and helpful , they helped me to replace my steam in a record time , great tobacco and accessories .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own 5 blatter pipes that i bought from this company . the store is a great shop to visit . it can be overwhelming . lots of pipes an tobacco are here . i love the no pressure and show everything attitude . i come in here about every three months for a refill . good place to shop hands down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally got to try costa vida tonight and glad we did ! fresh and flavorful meats and options . not a filibertos but not a real sit-down either . some interesting menu items make it different enough to fill the gap and be another good mexican option in the area ! the honey habenero salsa is really quite good too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we grabbed lunch to go last week and it was great . lots of vegetarian options on their menu . i had the vegetarian burro with a cilantro tomatillo sauce on it that was amazing . my husband ordered the chicken burro with traditional enchilada sauce and said it was great . my son who ate free because he 's under 5 had a really great quasadilla kids meal with rice , beans and a drink . our entire meal came to about $ 12 ! we 'll be back for sure , it 's a better and less expensive option then rubios or baja fresh which it 's the most similar too . if you 're looking for quick , tasty , and inexpensive this is your best bet in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent chicken that i like more than some of the other quick service tex-mex places ; however , the quesadilla comes with no extras . salsa is 99 cents , quac us 99 cents . i can understand the quac , although the portion size is a partially filled 2 oz container , but to pay for salsa ? ? the quac does not compare to chipotle . and i would n't pay for it again . the rice and beans are decent , but i would gladly give them up for some salsa !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ahhhhmazing ! this place is so yummy and fresh ! i 've had the salad ( which they serve with a fresh made tortilla placed on the bottom ) , the tacos , the quesadillas , and the enchiladas . was kind of meh about the enchiladas , but the grilled chicken and the sweet pork are fantastic in the tacos , salad and quesadillas . the setup is chipotle-style in that you can pick your beans , rice and extras , but it was so immensely better than chipotle . the ingredients are quality and fresh and the service is quick and friendly . if you 're looking for a healthier option , this is the place to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ugh , i 'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1 star b'c of my husband 's persuasion . this place is terrible ! ! i am by no means a picky , mean , or rude customer . they guy behind the counter just treated us like we owed him a big friggin ' thank you for making us a sub par meal . i had the chicken mango chipotle ( or something like that ) nachos . blech . hubby had a burrito which was also blech . i will definitely not come here again . when someone says `` thank you '' , you should say `` your welcome '' back or something to acknowledge your customer . these people need retraining in their customer service skills . to boot , the food was terrible .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love these types of restaurants , like rubio 's or hightec burrito , and they can be real hit or miss . this is the best one i 've ever been in . had to wait for a client so i popped in to grab a bite to eat . food came out and it looked a little scarier than i though . rice seemed to be a strange color and whole thing was in a cheap foil bowl . with great concern i took a bight of the rice and was shocked how good it was . it tasted like it was cooked in seasoning , it was awesome . moved on to the beans and finally my quesadilla . it was awesome . very fresh meat , great cheese , loved it . the place was very clean and people friendly . i hope to find one on my side of town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic ! way better than chipotle . i highly recommend the sweet pork tacos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an unfortunate dining experience . instead of serving with tinfoil , the food should be served with a strainer ( or wet vac ... shamwow ... an entire roll of bounty ) . i felt like i was eating wet slop . i went with 3 friends.. all had the same experience . soggy , wet crap . the sweet pork has more sugar than a 12 pack of mt dew . how does this place have 5 stars ? how can anyone say its even remotely comparable to chipotle ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "too bad it 's closed ... costa vida had a fresh-tasting menu , good loyalty program , and was an option for your gluten-sensitive friends . staff was nice and remembered your preferences . they also kept the place very clean . sad to see it close down .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "blah . my best description . it was fresh , you see the food being prepared as you wait . however , i found it to be on the bland side ( chix quesadilla ) . however their key lime desert was pretty good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went here for the first time today , and i 'm glad i did . my dining out options are limited due to a gluten allergy , and i was looking for something new to try . was i ever impressed that almost everything on their menu is gluten free ! i had the sweet pork nachos and they were amazing . the price was n't bad either . this is my new favorite for fresh mexican since my options at baja fresh , rubio 's and chipotle are somewhat limited .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is good , but the service is lacking . also , the side of guacamole is tiny .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i did n't think the quality of the food was all that great . the burrito was so-so . the rice and beans were good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst customer service . sunday 12 23 12 line to check out is 14 people deep and growing . only 2 check puts open . really 2 days before christmas omg . some lady yelled why only 2 check outs they needed to open more . after about 5-6 minutes the manager came out ouf hiding and opened another check out . there are 4-5 check outs at this store 2 days before christmas and they could barely open a 3rd check out . this is horrible service and that manager should be a shamed for having to be called out to open another check out she should have just done this from the beginning . she lacks the ability to observe what her customers needed and a customer had to speak up to move things along .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "store closing but not quite sure of the date . there are some deals to be had but there were also a bunch of holes in the store when i was there a couple weeks ago . it 's worth checking out if you are a bargain hunter . you never know what you might find .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible customer service ! i called to ask if an item was in stock i got a hold on and then a yes and then they hung up . not can we hold it at the register for you ? when i arrived i got a yea it 's over there in the corner on the bottom shelf . not a sir let me show you where it is . the female cashier was nice and polite but could n't save my opinion of the store or the lazy gentlemen that needs relearn his cust . service skills on the phone and in person . will never be back to this location", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible customer service ! ! ! ! ! i understand the store is closing but that does n't mean you no longer work for the company . nothing has prices on it , i was explaining to my mother how i liked all these candles and frames but none of them had prices . standing right next two us were two employees talking and not helping anyone . i asked them how much the candles were ? they said oh 33 % off the price tag , i stated there was no price tag . the girl literally shrugged her shoulders and told me `` i dont know then '' and went right back to her conversation with the other employee . lets just say it 's clear why the store is closing . credit to the worker who was at checkout though who tried to help us as we walking out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this tim hortons is conveniently located next to the hilton garden inn . i can practically hear it calling my name from across the street . i came here late one night ( after 9pm and they are opened until 11pm ) and there were a bunch of people hanging out inside . it smelled like homeless people in there and i could n't wait to leave . it 's nice that they have free wifi , though . i asked the cashier if they still had soup , and she said no . my heart sank . then she shook her head and said `` what am i saying ? yes , we have soup ! '' and my heart soared . it was quite a roller coaster of emotions . i was really in the mood for soup , so i ordered an italian wedding , and it was awesome , even that late in the day . thanks for being opened late and having soup ... wish it smelled better inside !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "management at this location is friendly but as for the rest of the staff , the majority leave something to be desired in terms of product knowledge . unfortunately , the neighborhood 's unsavoury elements seep into the atmosphere at this location . you will almost always find someone standing outside the entrance asking for change . the restaurant or its staff ca n't be faulted for that but when an individual parks himself right beside the front of the line and asks every customer for change without admonishment from the staff , that is where i draw the line . this location gets two stars because they offer free wifi .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible service . they work as if they do n't have heads running around messing orders up . worst of all you tell them they messed up the order and they get mad and then still come out with the wrong order . last time coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "server did not explain menu and got all of our orders wrong . when we asked about it he did n't want to correct the order and was rude about it . first time in canada and the worst experience i 've had at a breakfast place . there was also a lot of homeless people begging for food or money as we were eating .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would have to say that tim hortons is by far a six star place . yes six out of 5 stars i give timmies for it 's fast service , lovely doughnuts and affordable prices . there you have it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in to get a pdf printed off . e-mailed the pdf to their departments e-mail address from my iphone , they printed 4 copies , then rang me up at the back counter , including some non-printing items . i was in and out in less than 10 minutes ! friendly clerk and good service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a pathetic joint . when i ran in and asked if i can print something off the internet , a very unfriendly clerk looked at me as if i asked if i can launch my spaceship here off to the moon . exactly , why would you expect someone to have that service , when they have the printers , the paper in abundance , and even internet connection ? ridiculous expectations . but even if you do n't have a service customer needs , a smile and general courtesy go a long way . how they are still in business , i 'll never know .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 're growing out a pixie ( or have short hair ) ( or have hair ) danika is your dream stylist . she was so delicate and a complete perfectionist . she cut where i wanted and not a smidge shorter than i asked . she listened to every word and cut accurately . she was absolutely amazing ! a+", "score": "5"}
{"review": "je suis all\u00e9e deux fois au salon dans la m\u00eame semaine : tout d'abord pour une coupe courte et la deuxi\u00e8me fois pour y ajouter des m\u00e8ches blondes ... et l'exp\u00e9rience a \u00e9t\u00e9 \u00e0 chaque fois parfaite . et je p\u00e8se mes mots ! ma coiffeuse ( myriam ) a pris le temps d'\u00e9couter ce que je voulais , de me conseiller , de v\u00e9rifier pendant si \u00e7a convenait et de r\u00e9ajuster s'il fallait ... et je suis ressortie avec exactement ce que j'avais demand\u00e9 . non seulement , tu te sens consid\u00e9r\u00e9e comme cliente mais tu vois aussi le professionnalisme et l'amour du m\u00e9tier dans la fa\u00e7on de faire . assez rare pour \u00eatre soulign\u00e9 . sans compter que l'ambiance du salon est vraiment conviviale . je n'ai \u00abessay\u00e9\u00bb qu'une coiffeuse mais elles avaient l'air toutes aussi dou\u00e9es et sympathiques . bref , n'h\u00e9sitez pas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a coupon for a free oil change , so i ventured out to rancho and decatur to cash in . i was told it would be 45 minutes to an hour . it was actually more than an hour and fifteen minutes . tax was not included , but did n't amount to much more than two bucks . they also did n't try to up sale me to the next level , which was nice . ozzie was friendly and informative , explaining what was done and what was recommended . he seems like a straight shooter . even though it was free ( basic oil change ) , i do n't know if i would do it again . the savings was n't worth the travel and wait time . the actual service and customer service was fine , but it did take a while . i certainly do n't think that was due to mine being free , as they were genuinely busy . if they are convenient to you , it might be worth a shot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the dark haired girl in the front is so obnoxiously rude . i came in for a simple oil change and it seemed like a huge inconvenience for her . everyone else there is amazingly nice . all the men who work on the cars are so kind and are a main reason i go back . i also love the lighter haired girl in the front always sweet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "told me a slew of things i ( knew ) were wrong , but let me go with just my alignment . took a minute , but that 's o.k . i 'm pleased , i 'll probably go back just because it 's close to work , but $ 80 ugh", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am absolutely impressed with the service and quality of work at this place . they the issues with my car that two other shops were not able to fix . and they even spoke to my husband on the phone who was not able to be there himself , pretty 5-star if you ask me . i can go on and on about my experience at ted wiens but the bottom line is that this place is our new go-to auto shop , period !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hans at ted weins , is a great example of perfect customer service . very fair and honest with estimates without adding pressure to the sale..i will be back for this reason and use hans as my personal service rep. for my vehicles , and will refer hans and ted weins to my friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ted wiens has a mechanic i trust so i took my car to ft. apache store today . had about 800 dollars worth of work done . so i decided to call the chevy dealership to see what they would have charged for the same service . i was surprised to find out it was a little cheaper to take my vehicle to the dealership . needless to say , they lost my business . that being said , no complaint about the service , just charge too much .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "in a nutshell . 8 items marked urgent on their report . they found an oil leak , cudo 's for that. , unfortunatlly it was misdiagnosed and i am glad i did n't have them do the work . it would have been several hundred $ and the wrong item repaired . they said to replace the battery , it was checked , older but still ok other than some corrosion . after posting the original review i was contacted by a supervisor . that is why i am increasing my rating . at least they cared enough to respond . my opinion is that they may recommend repairs that are not needed or not as urgent as they lead you to believe .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i usually never review any site but in this case , i think it 's worth it . i recently got my oil change and wind shield wiper changed from this location . i usually go to the northeast location and found these professional very helpful . it was friday and they were extremely busy but they still took me in even thou it was close to closing . i found this site 's professionalism refreshing from the common places i 've dealt with in the past . i will be returning to this location ( thou it 's out of my way ) just to receive such great service . thank you gentlemen for such a great professionalism ! awesome service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm really happy with the customer service and work of this place . i needed badly to shield the world from the mess that is the interior of my car . my friend referred me to these guys . they 're not cheap , but my tinting came with a lifetime warranty against peeling or bubbling . plus , it would be done while i waited . the person there took me through all the choices i had , explaining each one . i decided to go for the midrange option . nice , but not too nice for a 2007 car . it took about two hours and they were done . i stuck around for the last hour and these guys are precise , yet quick ! ! after , he explained how to take care of the tinting . i was very happy with everything , i 'll definitely be checking these guys ' detailing service out once winter is over .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on july 2nd 2016 i stopped by unique auto tinting to get my car windows tinted , one thing that is always consistent is the exceptional customer service . the shop itself has a doctors office feel with comfortable waiting chairs ( major plus for me when getting service done on my vehicles ) . uatd reps always use the best tints in the industry , they strive to ensure that your car has the best look . these guys are car enthusiasts that take pride in what they do . i would recommend anyone to uatd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect job on my vw golf 2015 . got 22 % all around . shit looks dope . definitly reccomend . they got high quality product in here and the guys inside are cool as hell .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pleased with the job done by all the workers at unique auto tinting . i tinted the car over a month ago and waited to see if there would be any indeficiencies and no problems my vehicle still looks perfect . they explain everything to you in regards to quality and longevity of the tint . i also received life time warranty . this is my husbands 4th time going to them and we have never been disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best auto tinting shop . reliable , fast , good quality . will recommend to everyone who wants to get their car tinted in gta . i just bought a hyundai elantra and i will go there and get my car tinted from them again ! keep up the good work guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm happy with the tint they applied to my vehicle but , in the process of them cleaning the back windshield with a razor blade , they left several scratches in the glass with 2 being very deep . before they begin working , walk around with them and check if there 's any existing damage . do the same after they 're done . they tried to blame the scratches on dirt and sand traped by the rear wipers . if the scratches were caused by that , they would be long , following the path of the wipers . these were short , the same width of the blades they used and they were random all over the place . even on parts of the glass the wipers could not reach .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is my favourite lunch place . i usually have the rare beef and meatballs pho and always have the california roll style fresh roll . since i normally order the same thing , i do n't even have to specify what i want , i just tell her , `` the usual '' and she knows exactly what i mean . the staff is friendly and attentive . a few weeks ago i forgot my debit card there . i called and the lady that owns the place assured me that she had put it away for me . i went later on that day to pick it up and she returned it to me with a smile .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a cold freezing day a hot bowl of pho i came to pho fusion at newmarket with not much expectation . rare beef , tripe and meatball small size ( $ 6.95 ) was quite a good portion . rare beef still rare and the hot soup was hot enough to cook it to medium rare right at my table . service was ok . they were a little busy inside the kitchen so i had to find someone so i can pay . some of the chopsticks in the bucket on the table were a little dirty , with food particle sticking on them . not a bad choice if you feel like some vietnamese when in you are in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place , we come here regularly . house special pho or b\u00fan vermicelli is what we usually get , love those dishes ! the fresh spring rolls are also good . it 's clean , service is not super fast but reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tasty soup , good hours ( 10 ) . not sure what else to say , i would return ; always a good sign ! polite family run restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i never tried the pho or vietnamese food before , i tried the rare beef soup , and i like it . the large bowl is indeed large , i could n't finish it , and btw , the prices are pretty reasonable . it is a bowl of very hot beef stock , with rice noodles and some rarely cooked beef slices on top . as soon as you dip the beef in the soup it fully cooks which i found interesting ! it comes with some veggies ( sprouts , sage , onions i think ) on the side that you would through in to blanch . the stock tastes great , and the meet has no spices on it , which i 'm guessing that 's how it is done in vietnam . the menus has a nice variety , and on the saturday i came in , the place had a good crowd . the service is friendly and warm , and everyone gets free jasmine tee with their orders . i will definitely visit again to try other items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has good fresh food overall , but it could use some improvement on specifics . on the down side , the shrimp on sugar cane was bizarrely salty , and dubiously non-shrimp tasting . the spring roll did n't seem to have any glass noodles in it at all and the avocado shake was sweet and made me wonder if they were using powder rather than avocadoes . the hot coffee with condensed milk was oversweet ( it is always stunningly sweet but this was too much ) and a bit gritty . i did n't finish either the coffee or the shake . also , the fish sauce tasted like someone had added a little vinegar to it . on the other hand . the trimmings on my bun included mint and peanuts . the lettuce was fresh , the vermicelli was perfect , the grilled pork was scrummy . the spring rolls tasted great and were perfectly cooked . the service was great and friendly and the restaurant was pretty busy for after lunch on a monday . so , i may give it another try sometime .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the places that i have gone back countless times , great place if you just want a quick meal , nothing too fancy . excellent customer service , foods are always prepared the way you request them to . prices are reasonable for the portion of the foods . recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have a new found love for rice noodles with chicken and rare beef . staff are friendly , prices are reasonable and the portions are fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not just great pho , but rest of the menu is done well also . i like the won ton soup , and shrimp rolls in rice paper . friendly service to match will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was excellent , well presented , served hot and extremely tasty . the restaurant is clean and the staff is very friendly and most accommodating . highly recommended . came here based on ratings and was not in the least bit disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best pho in the gta . i 'm lucky it 's around the corner from home ! ! we have been regulars of this place for years . come early for lunch it fills up fast but the service is quick and you wo n't wait long . there is n't one bad thing on the menu . it 's all good but the pho is best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious fresh food and a clean environment . a little slow because it 's very busy , but definitely worth going .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hottest jj staff ever ! i mean seriously , everyone i saw working here was totally cute , crazy ! must be the proximity to the college ? anyways.. the cute staff makes one deliciously awesome sandwich . me being the big eater that i am i went right for the money shot ordering the j.j. gargantuan . its the biggest sandwich on the menu ! loaded with genoa salami , ham , capicola , roast beef , turkey & provolone , its for the meat lover and not for the faint ( or weak ) of heart . its so thick that you might be hard pressed to get this monster into your mouth . somehow i managed though i 've had years of practice eating thick sandwiches . if you also grabbed a bag of their bbq potato chips you can add a sweet , smokey crunch to every bite of your monster sammie . yes i do mean pry the buns apart and cram some crushed potato chips in there . nom ! now that 's a cute sandwich !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is very close to the unlv campus , on maryland parkway , behind the starbucks . they are very fast ! i like their tuna or their turkey tom . you can add items ( cheese ) or subtract items ( tomatoes , cucumbers , etc . ) without any problems . service is nice and the bread is yummy ! fast & filling lunch ! do n't forget to ask for the punch card !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one mississipi ... . two mississipi ... . three mississipi ... ... ..holy $ h ! t they 're here already ! whether you are getting it delivered or ordering in store jimmy john 's is the fastest gun in the west . insanely efficient and incredibly delicious . jimmy john 's never disappoints with the food or service , and prices on par with the major chains . if you are a fan of the toasted sub ( as i am ) next time you are considering quiznos , or port of subs , skip it and hit up jimmy john 's , especially if you are in a hurry ! i still give the crown to capriotti 's for chain sandwich shop , but jimmy john 's is definitely a close second . i recommend the big john extra toasted ( for the carnivore ) or the beach club ( if you like something lighter ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "# 9 ... full of meat ! hold the mayo , hold the cheese and add cucumbers ! sprouts are a must ! i was so excited for our sandwich ( only 2nd time ever trying this chain ) that i forgot to get it on their delicious wheat , nutty bread ! they offered to remake it in a heartbeat but , no way ! i did not have the heart to see the sub go to waste . i will say , i felt guilty health-wise eating the white bread but it was fresh and quite good ! it worked ! service was uppity and friendly . we love jimmy john 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very disappointed by the service i received yesterday . i placed my order at around 1:15 and the order was not delivered for over 20 minutes . i ordered a tuna sandwich and it was over 100 degrees yesterday , so needless to say , i was a bit concerned about the sandwich . when i mentioned to the delivery person that the order took a long time , he did not say a word - not sorry nor thank you . he just handed me the sandwich and left . mind you , i had already put a gratuity on the bill on my online order ( $ 3.00 on a $ 7.00 sandwich ) , so he was not `` stiffed '' on the delivery . when i called the location , i was told that it was extremely busy and that is the reason the order took so long , but i was assured that the sandwich was made moments before it went out for delivery . the sandwich was good , so no complaints on the quality , but the customer service was horrendous .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so i will say i 'm not a big fan of the bacon at jj 's . however , i will say this the one on maryland has free wifi , and now does 10 subs get the 11th free . so ti is the greatest place ever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan . went in today between classes for a quick meal with some good nutrients- opted for the beach club on 9 grain wheat bread : turkey breast , provolone cheese , avocado spread , sliced cucumber , lettuce , tomato , mayo ( i got no mayo , added dijon mustard and some light italian dressing ) . bomb . i had to scarf it down because i had to go to class so was a bit disappointed i was n't able to fully enjoy it , but it was delicious . i was n't familiar with jimmy john 's until today , but what they say is true- these people are so friendly and welcoming . right when i walked in the door , everyone warmly greeted me and i got my sandwich very quickly for $ 7 including tax . if you 're craving a great sandwich at a bargain and friendly customer service- check it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i love ordering online because our order shows up and we do n't have to deal with the employees . before i ever stepped foot in the actual brick and mortar location , my husband was telling me how great the sandwiches are . so we found out we could order online one night after we were too exhausted even imagine leaving our house . the food came freakishly fast . and exactly as we 'd ordered . buuuuut when i came with my son , they were so rude ! any question about the menu is basically answered with , `` look at the menu . '' i 'll continue ordering online and never step foot in store .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just wanted to put a review in because i hit this place at least once a week after work . all of the jimmy johns locations are really great but this is the best its closer to my work and i have to locations close to my house but i prefer this one . everyone in there is always great and my family loves fridays when i bring everyone sandwiches that they love although grandma wishes they had pastrami . i usually get the gargantuan unwich that they always make perfectly . i eat a lot of low carb stuff which get wrapped in to lettuce which most of the time i peel much of it away , but not with the unwiches because the lettuce actually tastes great and stays together . there is no better lettuce wrap anything than at jimmy johns . each store i have been to ( 3 locations ) are always immaculately clean ( unlike alot of subways i have visited but visit no more ) jared with have subway sooner than i will again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super fast and delightful service . very clean and accommodating . the location is great i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff at this location ( and all the other ones , i think ) is energized and ready for your business . they like to do things quickly , so you 'll have ordered and paid before you have time to think . about 30 seconds after that , your food will be ready . their food is great . the sandwiches are delicious and well-constructed . i know they have wheat bread and it 's better for me ... but the white bread is probably the best bread ever . also , hot peppers on everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jimmy john , along with high roller deli ( not on yelp ) are probably the best 2 sandwich places to go in las vegas . of course , i am referring to on the cheap and not places like carnegie deli inside the mirage . service is fast ( very fast ) and the quality is high . i am a new customer and have only tried two sandwiches at the moment . club lulu and the `` night something or other . '' sorry the name eludes me . i highly recommend trying this sandwich shop out over subways , over quiznos and any of the others out there . i am actually thinking about opening one of these up , not only here in las vegas , but out in orange county when they are ready to do so . looking for investors . : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we visited vegas last week and we ate here 4 times -__- . we live in la and since my husband is from chicago , this is his staple . he loves jj 's and i do too ! we take advantage every time we visit , he usually gets the gargantuan and i get the beach club on wheat ! i freaken love the bread ! ! the staff is pretty nice too , i asked for day old bread and they gave me 2 for free ! ! i 'll see you soon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moderately priced , decent sandwiches are found here . a few blocks away from unlv , i 'd rather walk here than wait forever at the subway at the union . i love their whole grain bread option because it has nice texture and taste . they do have a heavy hand using mayo , so if you 're mayophobic , just tell them easy or no on the mayo . service is incredibly quick and efficient , as it should . it 's only sandwiches , not foie gras .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were in vegas visiting from california and got excited that there was a jimmy johns ... first tried it in minnesota and fell in love . this place in vegas is in a newer shopping center but in a sketchy area by unlv . we had a great experience ... ordered _ # 4 turkey sub with peppers that was perfect ! the bread is so fresh , and their chips are delicious ... try the jalape\u00f1o ones ! wish they would open up stores in california ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jimmy john 's is one of my favorite sandwich shops ! they are always so fast and accurate ! my favorite sandwich is the # 4 turkey tom ! they bread is the best , its baked just right ! topped with the freshest ingredients , turkey , mayo , lettuce , tomato and cucumbers a simple sandwich that hits the spot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everyone keeps talking about this place so i finally went . sorry , was n't impressed . i mean , it 's a standard sandwich . i still feel that capriotti 's has a better sandwich . jj 's is decent . i think the bread should be softer . i will say that their pickles are great ! ! ! overall , not bad but not amazing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so , the food is good , but the manager who seems to constantly be drunk and a illiterate loser , proceeds to throw turkey meet at this young girl who works with him . very rude and unprofessional . not only that , he made comments on her breasts . really , if i was . her i slap a major law suite . on the owner . i will never go back there agian .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these are tasty and satisfying sub sandwiches . i work in lv every week and take a cab to my office . there are zero food places by my office and this place delivers . the sandwiches are always tasty and they deliver fast . i usually get the regular italian sub with hot peppers . super yummy . great place for a quality sandwich . i will be ordering a delivering next wednesday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 has purchased sandwiches from this location a couple of times and he loves it . my review is based on the lack of willingness to make any substitutions . i walked in and informed the guy i am pregnant so i can not eat deli meats . i can however eat salami as its a cold processed meat and does not contain the possible bacterial contamination of deli meats . i asked if they could make me just a salami sandwich , he informed me they have one that 's half salami and half capicola that they could pick off the capicola . i 'm not satisfied with that response for two reasons , 1 capicola is a deli meat and the bacteria would transfer to the salami thus defeating the purpose . then secondly i was told he could not substitute the capicola for salami that i would have to pay a double meat charge . all in all this was a disappointing experience and i will not be returning , as for my fianc\u00e9 im going to ask the same from him .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was not a fan of the bread because it made my mouth sore all over . they 're really skimpy on the deli meats - really disappointing seeing that it was supposed to come with 3 meats but i could only taste a hint of salami . i do n't even like subway that much but i think they are way better ( and quicker too ) .. it felt ironic that they take pride in speed yet it took almost 10 mins for an untoasted sandwich lol in fact 2 people who ordered after me got their sandwiches first so i was probably forgotten .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't get the fascination with this place . i mean , it 's ok , but i do n't see where there is anything really trend setting or spectacular . it 's a glorified quiznos , but the bread is not as good . i got the billy club sandwich . the bread was a simple 8 '' white bread sub . plain jane . the ingredients were fresh , but the sandwich was $ 8 . that 's twice what you 'd pay at subway . i 'm not saying subway is better , but it 's not much worse . bottom line ... decent sandwiches but over priced for what you get .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "on august 7 , 2014 , i stopped by jimmy john 's around closing . i did n't get the names of the two employees left working that night but they were so nice to me & went out of their way to serve me . i really appreciated their kindness & service . of course my sandwich was delicious ! thank you two again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in around 3pm for a number 6 with salt and vinegar chips with a water cup . always fast always clean and their life sayings on the walls are a great read while munching on your sandwich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their veggie sandwich is to die for and every time i go in there 's always great service . i love jimmy johns , i could literally eat here almost every day and get the same sandwich daily . great food and service , what more could you want ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man i really like this place and usually they deliver to the lied library in less than 5 mins . i 've been waiting for over 30 mins and still nothing . called back and said the order was on the way . i get it it 's raining but 30 min wait after being told 5 is weak", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a loyal customer ! i love that i can order an unwich and have it delivered in less then 15 minute ! the employees have always been very friendly and proof that i 'm there to much , they know me when i call ! lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here about an hour before they closed which is at 11 p.m. on weekdays . the workers were very friendly . the # 5 vito is a tasty sandwich that can fill me up . not a really hungry guy though . same goes with the # 9 italian night club which was also delicious . i 've even had the vegetarian sandwich on whole grain wheat . i really loved this sandwich because i love veggies . nice little place . cleaner than my other favorite place , capriotti 's which is across the street from this location . friendly staff though made the difference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast service , great food , excellent service . best all around chain sub shop , by far .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place gets 1 star simply because they only deliver until 9pm . are you fucking kidding me ? ? ? ! ! ! ? ! ? this is vegas ... .and you are on campus ! ! what a joke . i am a long time customer of jimmy johns and where i 'm from they deliver on campus until 4am ... . take the fucking hint jimmy johns lv ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my jaw hurts from chewing on this bread and i paid almost $ 9 for a sandwich with no drink or chips . save your money and go somewhere else", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good workers , good quality food . kind of bored of their vegetarian selection but i like the fact that their delivery is super fast and their minimum order is n't so dang high like other places .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here for lunch the other day and got the # 5 vito sandwich , which is basically an italian club sandwich . it was pretty good and super quick .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the roll , meat us very good , and you can add oil , vinegar , spices etc . however , for the love of god will you please get regular dill pickle chips for the sandwiches . i know you can get a whole kosher pickle , but i like the dark green dills ! the hunter club and the porker are my favs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice place for a jimmy johns . i did a pickup with the app and it went great 10 10", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious as always ! and , as always , i recommend the italian night club with hot peppers . it never disappoints . staff are friendly too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very fast pretty cheap ~ $ 6 for a large sandwich normal bread and ingredients for the most part . slightly better than subway , i would say quiznos is better", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what more can i say , but that this has to be one of the best sandwiches i ever ate . i had the turkey tom and my friend had the pepe . i dont know if it was the hangover talking , but i devoured that sandwich as if it was heaven on a plate . the ingredients are fresh and simple . no massive menu to have you standing there for days as the customers behind you tap there feet . just a few good items and you 're golden . the wait staff is friendly , prices are reasonable , seriously what more can you ask for ? in a city known for their buffets and fine dining , this will definitely be a regular pit stop when i come to vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast friendly and tasty , need i say more . they can handle the insane customer flow from residents , students , businesses and all the delivery orders . have n't had a bad or slow order yet . try the beach club with hot peppers , it 's my fave", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the turkey tom is amazing honestly one of the best sandwiches i 've ever had . and it was so fast i freaked", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do n't have their hours posted and no open sign . i rolled up to buy a sandwich and drop it off for my wife before i left the area , the lights were on a guy inside the music on so i thought it was open . i grabbed the door handle to pull and just about broke my hand cause it was locked ! i looked up and could n't find an `` open '' sign soooo next thing i thought what are the hours of this establishment ... ... they do n't have any hours . buddy inside saw me but choose to ignore me instead of maybe telling when they where open . off to capriotti 's i went .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after an entire year of watching my co-workers order and greedily devour their sandwiches from jimmy john 's , i figured i would try to order a pepe sandwich , as well . - i was not disappointed . although it was a rainy day , the delivery guy was on time , friendly , and efficient handling my order . the packaging of the sandwich was clean and neat ; the sandwich itself , absolutely delicious . there was a good amount of ingredients on the sandwich , but not so much that it bulged out of the sandwich as is often the case with badly made sandwiches . the ham smelled like it was freshly roasted , and the lettuce , cucumber , and tomato were fresh . jimmy john 's prices are totally worth it , considering how much subway charges for a mediocre footlong . jj also offers a variety of `` freebies '' with an order of their sandwich , which is much appreciated . overall , i was very impressed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely adore this place . i get my food in like 5mins . for a delivery . everyone is always perky , even that guy who rides a bike [ eco-friendly love it ] .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update ! i stopped patronizing jimmy john 's when i learned my debit card was compromised in their data breach . i miss their sandwiches but i ca n't have my life shit down for extra meat on a sandwich .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just love this place ! my favorite sandwich shop , and this is now my new favorite location , because i had the best service from leah ! i 've never had such great service before , and for that , i will always be a returning customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast . easy . tasty . inexpensive . simple in the best sense of the word . knocks the socks off of earl of sandwich . my husband and i happened upon this place today while leaving our vegas weekend back for home in cali . we are bummed jimmy john 's has n't franchises there yet ! ! the friendliness & helpfulness of staff along with the speed & simple-done-perfectly concept of the place won us over . we got a punch card & do plan to use it every time we return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love there subs . service is fast and friendly . dining area is cozy . male restroom has really interesting decor . recommend this to anyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some buds and i ordered these while watching game 4 of the finals . i ordered the gargantuan with extra peppers and it was delicious . i felt like i had two points of deli armageddon in my stomach and almost fell asleep during the second half of the game . they delivered it too , the order took about 10 minutes after the call to get to us , and it was correct . $ 8 for that sandwich that keeps you full all day is amazing ! thanks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy ! i got the italian with hot peppers and it is delish ! i could n't leave the office today so they delivered it right to me so quickly and the driver was very friendly . what a great experience . will definitely be a repeat customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wifey loves this spot . she gets the # 10 hunters club add avocado . i go with the gargantuan . sandwhich is good . we do n't have them in sj so we make sure to stop here before we fly home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one word : gargantuan . awesome in jacksonvile ; awesome in columbus ; awesome in baltimore , and equally awesome here on s. maryland parkway in vegas . definitely not for the faint of heart , there must be triple the meat that you 'd usually find in a comparably priced subway sandwich . only drawback is only one type of sub roll . this location also lives up to jimmy john 's reputation for quick service . tasty food , quick service , and reasonable prices . ca n't go wrong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to say i love subway but after now trying the best sub i have ever had and that fastest as well this will now be my new subway , also being able to order and pay before i come in and just walk in to a happy and cool environment and grab my food is great as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wo n't deliver north past flamingo ? i 'm 1.2 miles away . that 's probably the biggest joke in the history of delivery . freaky fast ? try freaky fake . on a serious note , if i 'm driving i 'm going to capriotti 's . usually do n't give out one stars but jimmy johns just lost a big fan", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location seems to struggle with too many calls from unlv sometimes . but they have been awesome lately . i love them", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i always stop by jimmy johns when in vegas- fast and delicious . my only bone to pick with this location is that they keep shrinking the delivery radius . in the past , they would deliver to the wynn . then to hooters . next it was motel 6 . makes it harder and harder to get our jimmy johns fix ! also , longer hours would be nice- vegas is a 24 hour town but jimmy johns is closed by 8 many days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i rarely buy sandwiches at restaurants , especially if i know i can make it good ( if not better ) at home . with that being said i do love eating a club lulu from jimmy john 's every now and then . their bread is what really gets me . the texture and freshness is great and would definitely be impossible to recreate at home . i also love anything with avocado spread on it . at this location in particular the staff are always really friendly which i greatly appreciate . in some other locations ( like the one closest to my home ) are not as spot on with their customer service . oh well , whatcha gon na do . extra tip : if you are also too lazy to not only make your own sandwich but actually leave the house to get it you can make your order for delivery . they are pretty quick too ! so , if you love fresh , delicious sandwiches with lots of options to choose from then give jimmy john 's a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love their sandwiches . my friends feel that johnny mcguires has the best sandwiches in town but i love me some jj 's . they have the freshest bread and their service really is freaky fast . by the time your ready to pay for your order they hand you your sandwich . they also have a great atmosphere . all the employees want to be there and have fun working at jj 's . i remember a few times employees would give me extra day old bread , its still delicious and its going to go bad anyways . it was a service enhancer and i will reward them with plenty of visits . today i tried their vegetarian sandwich on wheat bread and it was perfect . i will be back soon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank goodness for jj when i 'm on work travel in lv . even though i can expense my meals i 'm not too excited about spending ~ $ 30 on an average tasting meal that is usually on the unhealthy side and or when it causes time on the porcelain throne . the attraction with jj is the combination of value ( ~ $ 5.75 for 8 '' sub ) , a tasty and healthy sub made from fresh baked bread , quality incredients , meats and fresh veggies and friendly convenient service . subway pales in comparison when it comes to taste , quality and freshness and usually subway causes time on the throne so i tend to shy away from that place . my current favorites are beach club , because i love sprouts , and italian night club . as far as locations , i usually hit up maryland which is a little more spacious if i 'm close to the strip or west charleston if north of the strip . i miss this place and hope they expand out to southern ca !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff phenomenal sub sandwiches super scary fast sandwich making if you do n't love jimmy john 's , then you obviously have no taste-buds , and you clearly do n't appreciate fast and friendly service . you must be an alien .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are from san diego ... husband lived in chicago for a little while some time back . when we met he always ranted and raved about jj 's . i figured , it 's a sub just like subway , quiznos , submarina ... .. whoa ! whoa ! i was wrong . jj 's is what 's up . the bread alone is amazing ! every time we come to vegas this location is must . we got sandwiches on the way home this past weekend , tossed em on ice in the cooler and ate em for lunch the next day . guess what , still phenomenal ! i usually get the night club with peppers or the beach club . the beach club travels well . that 's what we both got to take with . add bacon of course . do n't be fooled , there 's no place like it . there are no imitations , substitutions or good excuses to not go . period .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered for a delivery and some guy pulled up on a bike gave me a bag and left and when i opened the bag he only gave me a sandwhich and i ordered a sandwhich , extra pickle and chips and i called and told em and they didnt do shit for me ; so seriously fuck this location ; fuckin rip-off .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i want pickle on my sandwich . it 's not difficult or expensive . literally every other sandwich shop in the world offers pickles as a free option . the fact that they wanted to charge me today for pickles is completely insane and i wo n't be returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i freaking love jimmy johns ! ! ! when i used to live out in ohio , this was our late night pit stop for food ! having moved back home to cali , i had been jimmy john 's deprived . that is , until i went to vegas for my bday and my cousin told me that there was a jimmy john 's ! ! ! needless to say , i would 've eaten all my meals here if i could have but i had to accommodate the other people in my party , so we only went twice ... but took a bunch of sandwiches to go ! : ) i love their bread , and it definitely makes the sandwich ! not to mention their freakishly fast service and awesome sandwich ideas ! it 's seriously good , and i am drooling thinking about it ! if you are near a jimmy john 's , do n't take it for granted ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poor quality sandwich for the price . no meat on them delivery was fast and friendly", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst jimmy john 's i have been to and i 've been to several locations throughout il , fl , ca and nv . the service was extremely slow ( they were n't busy ) and the employees were rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome sandwich shop ! the sandwiches are always fresh ! the delivery is superfast during lunchtime ! i recommend them 100 % . my favorite is the turkey tom and the lulu ! the food is always fresh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jimmy john 's is usually great , but at this location it was disappointing . i ordered a tuna sandwich and there was one drop of tuna . my other two friends also had mistakes with their sandwiches . i think they should slow down and pay attention to the online order otherwise we wo n't waste our money here anymore .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first time here , was n't disappointed . i got a veggie sandwich and it was perfect . really good food , try the cookies !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in right when the bread was made . got the beach sub , it was really good . a little pricey for a sandwich though . $ 8 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are serious about eating a sandwich , you go to a real deli . just like if you 're serious about eating mexican food , you do n't hit up taco bell . as far as chain sandwich places goes , i think it ranks high . but it is still not anything special by any means .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite sandwich shops to go to . very clean , everyone greets you with a hello and a smile and need a say fast ? ; ) when i 'm trying to be good i always get a # 4 turkey tom with no mayo . but who are we kidding ? most days i get a # 9 italian sub with hot peppers . do n't waste your time getting it without , the hot peppers make the sandwich !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always go for the gargantuan ... the staff is very rude ... get in your way ... hey man just trying to get my drink ..chips ... and get out ... live in the unlv area ... think ill cross maryland pkwy and go to firehouse ... the bike delivery guys act like jerks in traffic ... cut you off..have attitudes ... hey bud ... are your customer ... fashion fixie dorks ... love to see em ride singletrack..anyway ok sandwiches ... thuggy..employees ... lame ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love love love this place ah food ah amazing everything about it ah mazing employees are supper nice", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wish i could give 5 stars , food is always awesome . today , this location made both of our sandwiches oh hard stale bread ... . i mean jimmy johns bread is awesome , and as cheap as the bread is , relative to all the meat and cheese on the sandwich , you would think that they could afford to throw away the stale bread . will continue to order from here , however , i will definitely ask for fresh bread next time. ! sad ... should n't have to do that , agreed ? ? ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "soooooo i came in here because the yoshinoya place i had just went to was disgusting and i threw out the beef bowl i bought ... i kept it simple . turkey and bacon . the guy seemed annoyed that i had to decide what i wanted . then slapped it together without even giving me a chance to ask for what i wanted o it . in a rush to work i just paid and left . when i opened the sandwich it was on stale hard bread . low quality meat and mushy tomatoes . perhaps today i was not meant to eat lunch . : at least it was slightly more edible than the place next door !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "short : a bit expensive compared to other sub shops , but surprisingly worth it . long : ran here because i felt like something different . i went through the drive-thru ( like other fast-food restaurants ) and ordered a # 2 roast beef . for a little under $ 6 , seems a bit pricey for what you get size-wise , but it tasted far better than most sub shops . service was fast , but they were n't busy at that time . i 'd go again for sure . it 's on the top of my list for sandwich shops in the valley . edit : i returned here and got their `` club '' sandwich on their french bread , which is the same sandwich with twice the meat , and that was great . highly recommend the clubs on french bread .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are 2 locations in lakewood , this and the one on 117th . i will make a longer trip to specifically go to this one . the 2 men that are always working in the afternoon here are extremely nice and efficient . i pick up food here on occasion for my office and those 2 have no issues busting through a 9 person order in 5-10 minutes . i also come here to avoid some of the people that go to the 117th location . that area can be hit or miss .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love these guys since new management took over . this is a guilty pleasure for me but staff is always quick , kind , friendly and consistant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best mr hero in lakewood . the veggies and bread are always fresh . the staff is extremely friendly and helpful with the sales as advertised . their cook is great ! he is so fast even when you have a large order and it is still perfectly made and tasty ! romanburgers are our favorite . cheesecake is tasty even though it is prepackaged .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're familiar with what other mr . hero locations offer , well , this one does , too . considerate ownership and management goes beyond what is required . visibility can be a problem coming either direction on detroit . about 3 or 4 small tables , and a bench inside for waiting . good stuff !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wo n't go any where else in this city for a roman burger . i refuse to use any other mr hero . i love this location . clean , welcoming , great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good , quick , and fresh . cost is high , but nothing unexpected . food for 4 adults and 2 kids , we spent about what we would have spent at applebees or fridays without alcohol . also something a little off putting , there were 4 air fresheners in sight in the lobby . not sure why .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice local non-chain restaurant . neither up-tight or pretentious , more casual and laid back . staff was friendly and attentive , i think our server was even `` the famous justin '' . he helped us pick out the wine and told me about one of the entree that i really enjoyed . it was bow tie pasta with spinach , sun-dried tomatoes and chicken all mixed in a cream sauce . big portions so expect some leftovers for sure . thanks yelp or i would have never know about this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everyone raved about this place ... save yourself the trip honestly . i 've been here for dinner and brunch both were meh at best . had the chicken picatta ( sp ? ) honestly it tasted like they poured the whole bottle of wine onto my plate . the crack bread everyone raves about is a disgusting oily mess . brunch was over priced for what you get . waiter needed to be flagged down several times for refills ( we were a party of 8 ) . the only other people in the place were friends of the owners ( party of 6 ) . the owners kept shooting us dirty looks when we would give the waiter a heads up that something was out at the buffet ( they put out the bare minimum ) . we had called days ahead to make a reservation and told them that we were coming in for brunch with a party of 8 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the first place i went to when i got into phoenix for vacation , my cousin who lives in phoenix with his wife brought myself , and a friend of theirs to this fine little place in their neighborhood . i liked the decor , it added an old west flavor to italian style cooking . we sat near the bar . i order the scampi fra diavalo . it was bigger than i had expected . and as expected did not finish it , however , ate all the shrimps with it . before that , we had hot bread with oil dressing , which was very good . the service was friendly and i really enjoyed it . definitely worth making another trip someday , but will ask for what might be smaller to eat . as for drinks , i had a blue moon and with everything , the prices were reasonable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "solid italian fare , reasonably priced and well executed . i 'd not been here for years and by the looks of things the ownership has put a focus on reworking the menu to include a wider array of offerings . i went for the linguine and calamari which was tasty and was a generous portion . they 've got a good wine list and the desserts were tempting [ homemade cannolis ! ] but i deferred . service was both friendly and efficient . a word to new patrons : it 's best to approach harley 's from northbound 7th avenue and turn right into the driveway just south of their building ; any other method [ particularly during rush hour ] takes the skill and the sheer determination of a kamikaze pilot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure how this place stays in business . food is ok but service is always horrible . we usually come back once a year to see if they have fixed it and end up leaving disappointed . sat down at 7 to a half empty restaurant and did n't get any food until 8 and the entrees came out first and then they figured out they forgot our salads and appetizer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "harley 's is the kinda place i imagine my italian grandmother would run . that is , if i was italian and if i had a grandmother who ran such an amazing place . a girl can dream , right ? from the decor of the restaurant to the richness and portion size of food , everything screams comfort ! it 's definately not the place to go if you 're counting calories . you could get full on the bread alone . and i love how they secure your box of leftovers with about 10 layers of saran wrap . your fridge does n't end up smelling like italian food , and when you go to eat the leftovers , it 's like opening a present . thanks grandma !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the bread was great . the rest of the meal either tasted bitter or like it came out of a can . i was very disappointed . the waiter was creepy , slow and thought he was funny . perhaps i just came on an off night .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe i have n't reviewed harley 's before ; have been going to harley 's for many years . love the alfredo sauce , fried calamari , piccata sauce ( just wish they kept the sole , instead of tilapia ) , pizzas are great . the new open space tends to make the restaurant a little louder than before . glad you reopened , will be back many times ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cool place - food was eghhh - might give it a second try - worth a shot ... funky atmosphere that makes the dinner more enjoyable than it really was ... we tried the free crack bread with out yelp coupon ... i 'm happy it was free ... overall not my favorite something was off - maybe next time in phoenix will give it second try", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food ... when you get it ! service is poor . no happy hour , even though their website says that they offer one . very deceptive .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live walking distance from harley 's and i do not make it there nearly enough . where do i start ? the staff amazing . the food , what 's better than amazing ? the prices , out of this world affordable . my partner and i dine there when we have time together . he is not a pizza guy but i convinced him to get the prosciutto and arugula pizza with balsamic reduction . 3 months later he is still talking about it . dinner for 2 with wine for under 30+tip best value in the city ( not in an over crowded chain restaurant with screaming kids ) priceless . i am not an employee nor am i related to anyone that works there ( i hear some restaurants do that ) stacy and charlotte you have done a great job . i love love love love love this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if we had not been with great friends tonight having dinner , i would recommend not going here ! the service was horrible , the food was terrible due to the fact thst my pasta was overcooked . i sent it back just to have it come with uncooked shrimp . i talked to the manager and she said that she would look into it , but never follow through with it . very disappointed !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "long wait for service . less then mediocre food . salmon was dry and overcooked . bar tenders dont know the difference between ginger ale and ginger beer . this location is too good for this caliber of a restaurant . not sure how it has standed the test of time . maybe im missing something but ive gone twice with the same results .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to harley 's twice and both times the service and food have been great ! the food is always hot and has great flavors . the wine is a pretty small but good selection . i would go here again to avoid the chain places like olive garden or oreganos !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after years of ordering chicken piccata and crack bread take out i decided to eat at the restaurant for the first time yesterday . will be sticking with take out . the portions are much smaller and the service was pretty bad slow . it took 15 minutes to get our beer & wine to the table . they were lukewarm after sitting at the bar . calamari was so overdone it disintegrated when i went to pick it up like a cracker . very very dry . thankfully the chicken and veal piccata we ordered was delicious just as we remembered .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here on a thursday night with a good friend . they seated us right away and let us know that thursday is date night ... meaning that they have a special menu for couples at $ 25 person , which includes an appetizer , entr\u00e9e and dessert . we decided to just order off of the menu . i ordered the marinara and my friend ordered the alfredo . the alfredo was delicious ! very unique , flavorful and rich ... like no other alfredo out there . the restaurant itself has a nice decorum and is quite comfortable . there is original artwork on the walls and the space is cozy . the staff was helpful and expedient . they also told us that wednesday 's are wino wednesday 's , where they offer special deals on wine ! will certainly be returning ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "anything with the rosata sauce . literally , anything with that sauce . the worst decision i have to make is veal or chicken ! `` hey , bring me some more of that focaccia bread with my oil and balsamic would ya ? i ca n't get enough ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little spot in phoenix with excellent italian food . be aware , everything is made to order , so you will have a little longer of a wait for your meal , but just sit back and enjoy an extra glass of wine and soak in small bistro charm . it 's worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we chose this restaurant based on kid and group friendliness , and , indeed , it was kid and group friendly . more importantly , every person in our party of 8 thoroughly enjoyed their meal . all of the house specialty pastas sounded terrific , and i was not disappointed when i ordered a sausage farfalle pasta with vodka cream sauce ( ca n't remember the name of the dish , but i do highly recommend it ) . my friend enjoyed his chicken parmagiana and i also heard very positive feedback from the kids about their fetuccine alfredo . we were visiting from los angeles , but we 're planning to visit again when we 're back in phoenix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing as far as italian food goes . i really wish i could figure out how they make their alfredo sauce it 's my favorite !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new owners of harley 's are awesome . they are a true asset to this neighborhood . they are kind , considerate and the food is so much better . i meant to update this review a while ago - and am sorry that i did not . i actually stopped using yelp for a very long time because the previous owner had sent me messages telling me he `` knew who i was '' and to not come back . i was pleasantly surprised to see when i opened up my account that charolette had replied to my review when they took over the business . i do not live in phoenix anymore , but if i did i would be a frequenter of harleys . the food is once again delicious , savory , and always hits the spot for comfort food ! the new owners are fantastic and brought a sense of community back to the neighborhood . go to harley 's ! ! you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is nice . the service is always the best . and the food is to die for . excellent a+++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great experience at harley 's last night . we stopped in for a quick bit of italian . we started with the orangine di patate . it is fried mash potatoes ! definitely a treat . would get them over and over again . we then split a torched apricot salad . again , just darn good . mixed of fresh mozzarella , torched apricots , arugula , and prosciutto . we closed out our meal with spaghetti and meatballs . simple , yet very well done . i really enjoyed our meal . i would recommend a stop . n joy ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mediocre meal at best . very poor service . decor and feeling is nothing special . would they benefit from some gender diversity in their staff ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to harley 's several times through the years . most recently about 2 weeks ago with mr . it 's complicated . for what ( i did n't know then ) would be our last meal out together . we sat at the bar , enjoyed the fresh bread and herbs with olive oil . i had the amazing pasta dish with penne , sausage , peppers , onions , chile flakes and red sauce . complicated ordered a bit off menu and enjoyed a penne alfredo with chicken . we each had a glass of wine - and realized this should be a place we frequent . that 's not going to happen - but i will be back . often , and with family and friends . ordering off menu was dealt with in a very professional and gracious manner - and though it 's not on the menu , they happily sub spaghetti squash for pasta - perfect news for my gf and atkins friends !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is absolutely amazing ! ! ! and the the people are great ! the crack bread is absolutely a must have , you wo n't be disappointed ! if you 're looking for a cute date night spot , try it out on a thursday night for their $ 25 date night special , you will be hooked just like the rest of us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "totally amazing food ! ! love the chicken piccata ! ! the staff was very friendly ! ! great food and atmosphere ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so excited to find this little gem ! the service was friendly and prompt . atmosphere was great and the cookbook menus were adorable . our group started with the crackbread ( we added a side of marinara sauce that i would suggest they include because the sauce is awesome ) . i ordered the porkbelly and fig meatballs , they were delicious . my friends ordered the chicken marsala and lasagna , both very good but the chicken dish was cold when it came out . ordered a few cocktails , the something madona ( smelled and tasted a bit like lavender bath soap smells ) and a luna something that was delightful . they only have happy hour at the bar on wednesdays nights so drinks were a bit pricey at $ 9 each , especially when the entrees were around the same price . super cute place , looking forward to going back , i 'll try to make room for one of their made in house deserts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ate at harley 's for the first , of what will be many , time last night . the ambience is perfect . romantic and quiet enough for a date , but still casual and fun enough for dinner with friends . wine , dinner , and the service were all great . i was a server for a long time and i know what crappy service looks like it . they do n't have it here . also , one of the owners hung out and talked to my friends and i and tended bar ! i was very impressed at how friendly everyone was . lastly , if you have n't had their bistro bread you need to stop what you are doing and drive there right now . it is a secrete recipe of cheesy , gooey , garlicky , goodness on toasted bread . delicious ! i ca n't wait to go back their again . maybe this time i will try brunch . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "going to harley 's for lunch today , and i am a little excited to get my meaty jaw into some sausages dipped in wine sauce or veal with creamy mushroom pasta . yes this takes italian to the next level . fuggadabout boregano 's , or olive farden ' , they have nuttin ' on dis place . great wine selection too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was great the waiter made great suggestions on how to order the and add gorgonzola sauce to dishes the bistro bread was to die for nice atmosphere the shrimp were perfect juicy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went for brunch and the food was gone for a long time . when they finally replenished the food it was great . the breakfast lasagna was my favorite for sure ! i wish they would have checked on the food more often because we probably would have eaten more but we had to leave after an hour and a half .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very disappointed ... it was n't even ok and i was expecting more especially for the price . i invited my friend to join me for sunday brunch which starts at 10 am . we got there closer to 11 am and the brunch food was not ready . no labels identifying the food or the main contents of it . inadequate tools to dip or pick up the food . gravy with nothing to put it on ? ? ? quiche was not homemade . it was still in the disposable frozen pie tin . i drove all that way for the special orange ricotta pancakes which tasted like every other pancake . no butter or syrup for pancakes or french toast . i asked for syrup which they brought to me in a personal size container but after i poured it they took it away and placed it on the buffet . wtf ? asked waitress how they made the french toast ... no freakin clue . there was one dish with white sauce that was amazing but i ca n't tell you what it was or ever order it again because there were no food labels .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to the quinn farm for years now , either to pick strawberries or raspberries or apples in the fall . it 's the closest pyo to montreal and is a welcome break from the city . the family who have run this farm for years are very friendly , they definitely do cater to families and you will see little kids with their parents but the place is big enough to go mind your own business . they also have a shop on the premises where they sell their own jams , pies , apple cider , apple butter , honey and condiments like corn relish and homemade ketchup . i try to make it out here at least once during strawberry season and again in the fall . pack a lunch , pick your berries and then head over to parc point du moulin for a picnic by the water 's edge . it 's a calm , gentle place to escape the city heat and concrete jungle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great little farm about a 40 minute drive from downtown montreal , very easy to get to from highway 20 . they have activities pretty much year round . we come here for apple picking every fall and also come sometimes to get our christmas tree . you take a tractor ride out to the orchard , we picked mostly macintosh apples . easy picking and really nice apples . we also stopped at the pumpkin patch and got some pumpkins and gourds , always fun trying to find the perfect ones ! then we had lunch . the sausages are just ok but the apple blossoms ( apple baked in pastry with brown sugar on top ) are not to be missed ! there is also a nice little shop which sells local produce from the farm and lots of things for little ones to enjoy , with animals , a small corn maze and hay forts to explore . great way to spend a morning or afternoon with kids in the fall .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this place . it is charming and picturesque . unfortunately , i find it very expensive and i do not appreciate having to pay an admission fee just to enter the small grounds . for my family , it was $ 20 just to get in and walk around . and let 's face it , there is n't much for adults to do . kids , however , will admittedly have fun sitting on the tractors , going down the slide , looking at animals , and pumping water . definitely bring your own packed lunch to enjoy at the picnic tables . the second time we came , we did pick fruit with friends and we had a great time . the price for the strawberry baskets was fairly reasonable . hence , we enjoyed it as a special excursion , but due to the $ 20 cover charge , it is n't something i would consider often . note that it does get quite crowded at peak picking periods .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "leno and his staff will absolutely have you coming back for more . i visited this restaurant while on a business trip to laval . i ended up coming back again several times and wished my business trip was longer just so i could try the pizza and other fine pasta dishes + desserts . this is the first time ever that i ever wished my trip was longer . just when you think your taste buds were fully satiated , dessert makes you rethink your place in this world . i fully recommend this place and only gave it 5 stars because there was n't a higher selection . authentic italian food that rivals any dishes i had on my last trip to italy , personable service that is second to none , old world treatment and you ca n't help but want to come back . great job leno -- i look forward to my quarterly visits to montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "merveilleux endroit ! ! ! j ai pris le veau parmigiana , la ptite a pris les cannellonis et tout \u00e9tait excellent : ) le service de christopher \u00e9tait excellent ! un endroit a recommander et ou on retournera certainement !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "haute chix boutique is an amazing place to go & find unique pieces that will flatter most figures and body types . i happen to live very close to the location in southern highlands but i always end up at this location because of work . of all the times i have went , the staff has always greeted me upon entering and are more than helpful in helping me find something . since this is a boutique , if you like something , do n't even think about it , just buy it . they will more than likely run out of your size quickly because these pieces are hand selected and only a few of every size is ordered . i like that . the only troublesome thing is that the dressing rooms here are more `` open '' than the other location and the fabric to cover you is n't thick enough to make me feel shielded from the public eye . - update : thank you selena for your comment on my review and i have to agree that i now feel safe and sound in there : ) come check them out : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this boutique has a decent selection of clothing . mostly club wear , which is n't what i was looking for . however , the girl behind the counter had no sales skills . when i asked her about another size she simply just said , `` what we have is out . '' i think a skilled sales associate would get involved with the guest and ask if there was anything they could help find . she made no effort to convince me to buy anything . probably wo n't come back !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "out of business ! phone number disconnected and no where in the shopping center ! ! ! drove around for 20 minutes . not here . it probably shouldnt be open on here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i seriously love this place ! i feel like 90 % of my wardrobe is from here and whenever i get compliments i automatically send them here . the only thing i wish is that they would get in more smaller sizes when they order shipments because a lot of the time the smaller sizes are sold out . but other than that i love everything about this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the stuff they offer here but they should start ordering more smalls . there 's only have med large and xl 's when i come . not sure if i come too late but they should really stock up on more small sizes . other than that , everything 's really cute .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we moved to the little village 2 weeks ago . we dined there on a whim one night and loved it . the service , the food ... all very good . the whole atmosphere is great and you can tell everyone loves working there . all the patrons we saw that came and went were happy as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we visited richmond grill today for brunch . to start off we got our drinks . the orange juice was bitter and tasted old so we thought perhaps it was only the glass . our waiter brought another glass and to our dismay it was the same . after waiting for a reasonable amount of time , our food arrived . obviously `` steak '' is a word this restaurant uses very liberally . the steaks that were brought were approximately 1 3 of an inch thick and had many lumps of cartilage and inedible bits . the only reason this review is 2 stars is because the home fries were pretty good . i do not recommend this restaurant and would definitely not return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent restaurant ! delicious food and professional service . highly recommend ! best restaurant north of toronto . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first visit to this quaint restaurant . fine dining atmosphere with menu to match . however , service levels were disappointing . we had reservations a month in advance for a group of 13 guests , for a late dinner ( 7:30pm ) . apparently , they did not anticipate the volume of patrons due to the theatre performance across the road . this was the explanation given for the delay in getting water , drinks and menus out ( more than 20 minutes after being seated ) . no bread was brought to the table . we were the only group left in the restaurant ( tuesday night ) and service throughout dinner was still slow . coffee was brought to the table cold . waiter had difficulty figuring out who 's bills were who 's . the meal was tasty and a good portion . i did n't have the creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e but i heard it was divine . the food was the saving grace that my rating was not a single star . for a fine dining experience , the service level did not meet expectations .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were looking forward to being back at richmond grill since we had good previous experiences here . had the beet salad and it was sour with a boatload of balsamic vinegar . same for my wife 's organic field green salad . followed up with a veal chop and it tasted like it was past its due date . service was mediocre at best . no one came by to ask how the dinner was . my wife had requested a different side but that request was not fulfilled . the only thing good was the martini .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "comfort food ! ... .my craving included liver and onions ... ..served with garlic mashed and veggies ... .washed down with a `` golden pheasant '' ale ... ..atmosphere was pleasant ... no noisy music..or distractions from my meal ... being full , my guest and i shared a desert of chocolate decadence ... i would return !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we decided to get take-out for a family gathering and they exceeded my expectations . the food was beyond amazing , everything was fresh and steaming , the ingredients were of very high-quality . the veal osso bucco is a must , the meat was falling of the bone , tender and beyond delicious . most braised meat dish has a monotone flavour profile , being overly rich and after the third bite it is just taste bland , however they braised the veal shanks beautifully . it had a dynamic flavour profile and was beyond delicious till the very last bite . also the price is very reasonable when the food is this good . however the value skyrockets with the customer service you receive from these guys . overall , i am going to use them again if possible . however in the meantime , i am going to satisfy my cravings by visiting their restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "utterly disappointed -- ca n't even give 1 star but no choice . worst restaurant experience ever . usually very careful trying a new place -- most reviews positive ; perhaps new management ? came for brunch with fam of 16 . egg shells in food , cold coffee , no bananas , no hair net on cooks , no music ambience . service took forever , meals came with incorrect items as they ran out ( could 've told us before we ordered ! ) . wrap was in sandwich bread , ran out of home fries and white toast ! ? ! we were the only customers there and they tell us our reservation was for 12:30 when i even called that morning to reconfirm it is 12 since i made res 2 weeks early and never heard from them . our whole experience felt like a bad dream ! ! do not eat here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my go to mani and pedi place ! they do n't nickle and dime you with hidden costs like the other places that i 've reviewed ( e.g. , charge you an extra $ 5 for callus removal ) . what you see on their pricing board is what you get ! they are clean and have a great selection of polishes . they also offer affordable waxing , facial , and hair services . it 's family owned . brenda and lina are very nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really liked tina . she gave me a pedicure and waxed my eyebrows . she was quick and efficient . i 'm going back again for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this must be weird coming from a guy , but after my 1st experience i figured i need to write a review lol . the shop is owned by a mother & daughter whinny far the nicest and amazing people you would ever meet . i simply came for a manicure & a pedicure since i lived around the corner & now i know why ladies get their nails done lmfao . not the nail coloring of course , just simply keeping your self clean & proper hygiene . i would recommend this place to any gentlemen who want to get some mail grooming done lol .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new favorite nail salon . it felt like family and i made new friends . tina has been doing my nails for 10+ years now . i will follow her anywhere . i am very pleased she now calls nail creations home . next appointment already scheduled .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! ! ! the ladies here rock it out ! most places i go to dont care but they take nails here seriously . i dont really review but after leaving here my hands and feet were in mint condition ! see yall in a few weeks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to nail creations today for a gel manicure and was very impressed . tina the manicurist was friendly , attentive and went above and beyond to make sure i was happy with the results . i will definitely be back again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "attentive . fast paced . very impressed with the pedicure i received . nail creations is location right next to my gym , i just never had the courage to try it . brenda is just awesome ! i needed opinions on what color i should get and she was picked a beautiful simple color . she did n't pressure me to get gel done like other places i 've been to . she made me comfortable the entire time . she even complimented my feet saying they 're soft `` like a baby 's bottom '' . that made my day . haha . i really appreciated her , will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i congratulate the salon management on proactively reaching out and remedying the situation . i 'm looking forward to going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ve been coming here for a few years now and i love it . they do n't charge you extra for every little thing and the girls are amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the customer service here was amazing . i love the work that was done on my feet . the ladies made me feel extremely comfortable and my pedicure did not feel rushed . the establishment is clean and the massage chairs are the bomb .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lena is the best ever ! ! ! ! ! she is soooo warm and friendly and she knows her stuff when it comes to nails and the latest designs ! ! it 's been hard finding a good nail place since moving here from philly . but i found my new nail home at nail creations ! thank you lena ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is the sweetest ... . tina is fun , easy to talk to and definitely makes her clients feel they are number one sandra gave me one of the best haircuts i have ever had ... .go see these ladies you wo n't be sorry", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had just bought a new home and the garage floor was 12 yrs . old and stained . i called joel who came at his appointed time and gave me a great bid . he and james showed up and worked their majic and now i have a garage floor so beautiful that i really hate to park on it ! ! ! i took a paper towel and wiped off the tire marks just like majic it was brand new . as a 26 yr. marine veteran , i 'm not that easy to please , but these guys were so professional and did such a great job i am totally extatic ! the photo 's do n't do the final product justice . it looks amazing in person . everyone who has seen it has complimented me on how beautiful it looks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joel came out within two days and took time to explain everything and the difference in the grades of epoxy and why to do a finish . we currently are n't ready to get our floors done but his price beat 3 other companies . we will be moving forward within the next two months and for sure will get my call ! amazing company here thanks for awesome service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my garage floor is transformed . joel came to my house , took measurements and gave me a reasonable quote and completed the work as scheduled . infinity was very accommodating even customized a color for me . i would highly recommend this company if you want your garage floor to look like a showroom .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what happened to this location ? i 've been here a handful of times over the past 2 years or so and always been happy , but yesterday was a shockingly bad customer service experience . three people working the front line constantly talking to each other and not interacting with the customers at all . the woman in front of me had to tell them a few times that they forgot an ingredient she had requested . each time the employee would say `` huh ? oh . '' and move it down the line . i asked for a piada stick , and also wanted to add something to my salad but the employee in the middle never looked towards the customer line and continued her personal conversations instead . any attempt to interrupt was met with a glare or eye roll . the man behind me also had similar issues . it was not always this way . piada , i know you can be better ! keep a supervisor on the front line at all times - especially during a dinner rush .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the concept of a fast food pasta was so weird to me , until i tried piada ! i love getting the pasta bowl with steak+pomodoro & basil pesto sauce . the portion size is also really , really big ! a whole bowl lasts me about 2.5 meals . i 've also tried the piada with calamari , but i think the pasta bowl is much worth the money . they 're also doing online order now , so it saves you the time from waiting in the longgg lines .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i found myself with time to kill in this neighborhood yesterday , so i grabbed lunch at piada . i did n't know what to expect from `` italian chipotle , '' but had a solid experience . i 'd actually liken it more to qdoba , because in addition to the create-your-own options , they have pre-designed options . i tried the calamari fritta misto piada , and was really pleasantly surprised with how good the calamari was ! the sauce and peppers were good as well . my only complaint is that despite being tasty , the wrap itself fell apart very quickly ; i saved a lot of calories eating half fork-and-knife style so it was a blessing in disguise , but would 've been disappointing if i had really wanted to eat it burrito-style ( or had gotten it to eat on-the-go ) . i paid under $ 8 for a generous amount of food , the restaurant was clean and the employees were friendly . if i lived in the area i could probably be a regular .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what 's piada ? it 's like ... an italian chipotle fast food chain . it 's all about expectations , right ? you never expect fast food restaurants to serve some delicious gourmet food . so , piada is like that . you want good portions of food for a cheap price ? then piada is your spot . i came here when i was starving and boy , was i right to come here ! the best part about piada is you pick your own everything . literally , think chipotle but with italian pasta and sauce . pros : you pick your own toppings , price is cheap , quantity is huge cons : there 's only 1 type of pasta ( wheat pasta i think ? ) and it 's not made very well , quality is mediocre .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "piada , a yummy fast food italian place with friendly workers and choices that will tantalize your taste buds . my first experience here was a bit overwhelming so bring a friend . you pick the type of dish and then toppings . i can say i was impressed with the lobster bisque ( a little bit salty ) and the calamari on top of noodles . the calamari was absolutely spot on the workers were friendly and helpful . i sure asked a fair amount of questions so i was really happy they did n't mind . being lactose intolerant can be such a hassle ! ! ! they have a pretty interesting drink selection as well , peach tea yumm . for fast food italian i think this is as good as it gets . the only thing i do n't love is that they do n't cook the vegetables with the noodles so the noodles were a bit bland but other than that , a great experience . clean tables and great service when ordering food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved it . drove up from broadview heights to meet a friend here yesterday for lunch . really cool atmosphere- friendly staff . good value for the price . got the piada with the pasta bowl side . wonderful calamari and really enjoyed admiring the piles of toppings that you could add to it . i did fresh mozzarella , diavolo sauce , arugula , spinach leaves , pancetta , eggplant pomodor , grated parm and chose steak for the other one . i felt a little bad for the line of people behind me , as it took a while to choose all the ingredients . next time i 'll order online in advance to just go straight to the pick up station . another big plus is that they dispense free soda water ! ! i love club soda and rarely does a place give it out for free . i wish that they would open another one on the west side or down south by broadview heights brecksville . i think it would do well here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks piada for charging me $ 18.05 for one diavolo bowl . to be honest , i 'm not a fan of the new menu options . i get a chicken diavolo pasta that includes the crispy chicken fritte for $ 6.85 ... .i ask for some spinach and mozzarella , no tomatoes ... but i 'm charged $ 8.05 ? ! had i just been able to make my own bowl i could pay under $ 8 . i just wanted to get out of there , it made no sense why i paid more but i was hungry and i am usually satisfied with the food . today i look on my bank account and i see a charge from you for $ 18.05 ? ! what 's that about ? i only got one bowl . maybe next time around will be better ... ... hopefully i 'm not charged as much .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pointless to order on line , staff unapologetic for delay . order was to be ready at 3:45 it is now 4:03 and is still being prepared . should have gone to the beachwood location", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok . so it 's not bad tasting . this is literally chipotle with pasta , though . they call it `` street food '' to make it ok . i 'm ok with ideas being reused , so it 's not that , however , to charge what they do for essentially leftovers is a little insulting . i mean when 's the last time you paid $ 35 to buy yourself and two buddies a hotdog and soda from the guy with the cart on the corner ? i may go again , however , it is just spaghetti and salad bar with reheated meat and sauces .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "3.5 stars amore ! wholly 5 pound pasta bowls batman ! ordered the pasta bowl . it was enough for 2 people . the way this place works is you chose your protein , choose the format such as pasta bowl , salad , and or a flat bread . the the portion of the protein was decent although i would not get the steak again as it was pretty chewy , the sausage was quite tasty . there were 20ish toppings to add to the pasta bowl . lots of veggies , cheese , sauces and beans to chose from . the pasta was cooked a perfect al dente , by the time i finished creating the bowl it weighed at least 25 pounds . no shit ! the only room for improvement is that did not have anything to make the dish spicy . so for all you fellow spice freaks , you may want to bring your own scovil raising capsicum products .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to piada once . once . and that 's enough . this is overpriced cafeteria food . chain restaurant crap . a limp salad and clumped up pasta for $ 15. ? in cleveland ? when you can get way way better authentic homemade food for half the price ? yeah i do n't need to come back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was curious about this place . pasta was hot and tasty . menu was complicated and difficult to navigate . it would take a few visits to get it right . being from out of town , i do n't know that we will seek it out next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so being new to the area , this was my first experience . it is a pretty interesting concept for italian . it is the cafeteria chipotle approach . order up front , move down the counter to get your additional add ins ... the food itself is pretty good and there is a lot of it . they have beer and soda on tap . the food is made fresh in front of you . i do n't think it was that pricy either . the large bowls are big enough to split . i am a big guy and was sharing to make sure it was all eaten . the inside is a little on the sterile side . i have spent some amount of time in italy and i was expecting something a little more warm , cozy , family oriented and authentic . it is more german , sharp corner stainless steel feeling . the outside however is nice . especially this time of the year it is great for friends to gather and hang out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sometimes you just want a humungous bowl of pasta after a long day of work . sometimes you just want a mountain of pasta after sitting in bed all day . piada is my go-to place for comfort food that is cheap and fast . most of the staff are friendly and super nice about giving me extra pancetta or three scoops of beans . i only get the pasta bowls so i ca n't comment on the piada , but they look good . my new plan is to get them to make a frequent flier card ( 10 bowls , 1 bowl free ? who 's with me ? ! ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited piada today for lunch , and enjoyed it very much . i order the chopped salad and my lunch partner the piada . i was really pleasantly surprised at how fresh and appetizing everything looked . and the portion size was huge . and for a steak salad , with an array of toppings , for only $ 6.98 ? that 's a great deal . plus you can get as many toppings as you would like . i tried the piada as well , but was n't as impressed . it looked and tasted like a burrito . i thought their flatbreads would be more doughy , versus tortilla like . next time , i would like to try the pick two , check out their soup , and i 'm very curious about the calamari . overall , not bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it really depends what you get with this place . i usually get a pasta bowl with chicken and then mix up my toppings and sauces . occasionally , i receive a bite of bad chicken which is quite an unpleasant surprise . my friend got the basil pesto sauce and threw up because of it ten minutes after because of the extreme amount of grease that it contains . i had the alfredo sauce and felt sick shortly after as well . if your stomach can handle it , the food tastes good and the pasta is flavorful but a lot of grease is used .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a decent fast food when your in the chiplote rut ... we enjoy the food each time we come . the pepperoni sticks are delicious . i tend to stick with a pasta bowl and add some veggies to one of their standard meals . was kind of bummed to learn they no longer include the garlic bread with the meal but i should be watching my carbs anyway so no real issue . my fiance does the piada route and creates her own with a bunch of veggies . sometimes i wish it was cleaner inside but i expect a bit of a mess from these types of places .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i found myself famished after the day i 've had , so i just wanted to eat . i 've never eaten here so i thought i 'd give it a shot . i was n't really that impressed . just seemed like standard mediocre italian food . the service was fast and the staff was friendly . the restaurant was clean . i just found the menu boring .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a great experience at this piada ! being from columbus i 've been to a handful of piada locations and this was by far the friendliest staff i 've encountered so far ! the woman who appeared to be the manager was very patient and helpful with the first time guests in front of me . the rest of the staff was equally helpful and kind to me and the other guests . great job ladies ! i left with a full belly and a smile on my face ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was there tonight and had the meatball pasta bowl . i was looking forward to eating this , unfortunately the meatball itself was a little disappointing to me . i was hoping for a strong garlic and basil flavor but instead the meatball was heavy on breadcrumbs . the pasta and toppings where very good as usual .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wonderful concept with very tasty , freshly-prepared food at a remarkable price . it 's a winner . the sauce portions are a tad small , but they ladle on more if you ask . good service with friendly attitudes , but i think the staff needs to understand the whole process a little better . this will be a successful national chain soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if chipotle had a stupid italian cousin it would be this place . there food is awkward .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quick update . best time to come to piada is on wednesdays . if you have your student id , you can get any bowl for $ 5 ! ! ! that means you can get a large pasta bowl with any meat ( pick one only ) for $ 5 ! portions are huge . i usually get my pasta bowl with the calamari ( delicious ) and diovano sauce . the only thing i wish they could do better is make it less confusing to order since theres so many bowls being thrown around and then they ca n't hear you amongst the loud background noise of the kitchen , the crowd , the music - yeah , ordering can be a hectic thing especially when i ask for a ton of stuff on top meaning i always have to say more more more , and more dressing on the side ... . but anyways . ca n't complain though since i am getting a whole ton of good food for only $ 5 . what a steal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disappointed . plus , we were waiting in line and the electricity went completely out . i went to a piada a few years back and it seemed way better then . feel like it 's gone down hill since the first time i visited .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing italian for under $ 10 ! ! ! ca n't go wrong . imagine chipotle but italian ! ! ! artichoke hearts fire roasted peppers feta red pepper pesto onions poada sticks with pepperoni or cheese italian teas or peach bellini 's if your looking for a sweet ice treat during the summer days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love piada . this location is very busy , but the staff is very nice . i 've gone several times and never had a bad experience . the calamari is perfectly cooked . it 's really just delish . a must get is the orange italian soda . it 's so refreshing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here . we got a pasta dish and an entr\u00e9e salad . food was prepared quickly and staff was very friendly . our food was hot and fresh and comparable to what we 've had in finer italian restaurants . will definitely be back to try more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the meatballs are wonderful as are the salads . do n't understand why the workers insist in putting the side bread in the bowl of pasta where it instantly becomes greasy and inedible . ask for it on the side and you will have a great meal . italian sodas are excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what happened to this place ? it was so amazingly unexpectedly delicious when it first opened . now , the people are not nearly as nice as they used to be and the piadas have gotten so sloppy they 're not that appetizing to eat . piada please fix yourself !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "an upscale , italian version of chipotle ? yes , please ! i was n't sure what to expect from this place , but they officially won me over . it works just like a chipotle , except there 's an actual chef behind the counter and the food is far more upscale . they cook their piadas on a real stone grill , which adds a nice char flavor -- much like a pizza cooked in a wood-fired oven . the sauces are great , the toppings are suburb and the meat is scrumptious . unlike many chipotles i 've been to , the staff was very accommodating and friendly . the whole restaurant has a very hip , laid back vibe too . i honestly ca n't think of a single bad thing to say about the experience . i 'll definitely be going back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the food ! i just wish the staff was happier to be there . i do n't understand the 'toods folks . i 'm a regular friendly customer who loves piada , but i do n't love the unfriendliness off the the employees . they rush you through and act like its a difficult chore to add anything to your bowl . makes me not want to frequent piada anymore .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice place for good food when you 're in a hurry . italian food but in the same fashion as chipotle . the pasta bowl with spicy sausage is a favorite of mind . the italian sodas are a perfect combination to the hearty bowl ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has successfully wow 'd me ! at first glance , it looks like a much cleaner , nicer italian version of chipotle . i especially love the calamari wrap . it 's cook to order so you have to wait for a little bit . but it totally worth the wait cuz it 's just so good ! i also saw their manager last time i was there . he was cleaning the tables , and helping an elderly person - he grabbed the chair for that person , helped him put the tray on the table and got water and utensils for the old gentleman . what a kind soul ! their food is a little bit msg charged but i will definitely go back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place especially when i am in a pasta mood or i just want something healthy . if you are new to this place i recommend trying it more than once until you figure out what kind of sauce and meat you like with your food . you can get a bowl or wrap and you can get it stir fried as well . i like mine stir fried when i want all the ingredients mixed together but if i want it more of a salad i just stick with the bowl . i always get double chicken which their chicken is extremely flavorful . i also add their grilled zucchini and mushrooms and their peppers . the next step is figuring out your sauce . my favorite is spicy diablo which by any means it is not spicy . i also recommend the pesto as well . then i add lettuce which you can choose spinach as well if you like , but i do n't think spinach goes well with the pasta . i also add onions cucumbers artichokes and whatever vegetables you like . it is really flavorful and delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a nice change of pace from other fast foods . its sort like a chipotle-style or subway-style food line to build your order..whether its a plate or wrap . i got the wrap with steak , which was well cooked and tender . i had it prepared the chef 's way ( by the menu ) since it was my first time there and i did n't know the different options . added some tomatoes and cucumber in the wrap at the end , though there are many more veggie options to include . it was tasty and the sauce was pretty good . overall though , for the price ( $ 8 for a wrap ) and how much food you get , i 'd much rather prefer going elsewhere , like chipotle . i had to eat my entire piada and half of my girlfriends just to be full .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been wanting to try this place for some time , just had not had the opportunity . i must say that it exceeded my expectations . i 'm usually in the area on the weekend when piada is extremely crowded and therefore did n't have the desire to stop . i was in the area on a weekday afternoon and took advantage of the opportunity . i reviewed the overhead menu and opted for the angel hair pasta with the pomodoro sauce . the pasta was warmed in a sauce pan before adding the sauce , i chose chicken , white beans , parmesean and a number of other fresh toppings . there was also a salad and wrap option . the serving size was more than generous . i was pretty impressed , everything was fresh and delicious . i had previously purchased a $ 20 gift card on-line and received an additional $ 10 gift card for free . my meal was approximately $ 7.00 which was a deal . i ca n't wait to return and use the remaining value on my gift cards !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great and quick food . the spicy tuscan salad was amazing and filling ! the berry soda is delicious . it is a little pricey for the service and quantity of food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got food poisoning from this place . never ever going back ever ! ! nastyyyyy . and i am positive it was was this place because this is the only thing i ate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "drove by this place a few times and one day decided to try it ... .it was ok . i had the basil pesto pasta with steak and garlic dough . i do not recommend the garlic dough mine was too salty . however , the italian soda was good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hier gibt es essen aus kamerun , und das ist hervorragend ! die bedienung war ebenfalls tadellos , nur das ambiente l\u00e4sst f\u00fcr den europ\u00e4ischen geschmack zu w\u00fcnschen \u00fcbrig . ich hatte einen fisch namens bar ( 15,00 ) , ein ganzes exemplar mit kochbananen als beilage . die kellnerin hatte sofort ein einsehen mit mir und hat mir besteck gebracht , was sonst offensichtlich nicht notwendig ist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich versuchte gestern ca . 10 mal am 1.03.2012 im zeitraum von 17 ; 00 bis 22:00 uhr vergebens bei dem afrikanische restaurants pilli pilli , ludwigstra\u00dfe 13 , 70176 , stuttgart anzurufen unter der telefon nummer 0179-161073 , leider ging niemand ans telefon . ich habe im internet schon nach einer alternativem rufnummer gesucht und nichts gefunden . kann mir jemand helfen . ich m\u00f6chte gerne das restaurant mit meinen freunden testen . vorab schon mal vielen dank", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wir waren zu viert im restaurant . beim betreten hatte man das gef\u00fchl ein fremdes wohnzimmer zu betreten . der geruch der fritt\u00f6se machte sich sofort bemerkbar . wir hatten einen gutschein f\u00fcr ein 3-g\u00e4nge-men\u00fc \u00e0 la carte . die wahl der vor- und nachspeise gestaltete sich sehr unkompliziert , da es jeweils nur eine davon auf der karte gab . als vorspeise gab es eine suppe , die sehr gut war . die nachspeise bestand aus einem exotischen fruchtsalat ( cocktailfr\u00fcchte ) , der wie aus der dose geschmeckt hat . die hauptspeisen waren allesamt nichts besonderes . beim h\u00fchnchen mit gem\u00fcse und kochbananen bestand das gem\u00fcse offenbar aus den zwiebel- und paprikastreifen , die die h\u00e4hnchenkeule zierten . ein weiterer hauptgang war ein fisch , der soweit nichts vermissen lie\u00df . bei den anderen beiden hauptgerichten wurden wir weder durch die karte noch vom personal darauf aufmerksam gemacht , dass es sich um innereien handelt . alles in allem war das essen sehr fad und nicht empfehlenswert . das personal war zwar nett , was aber nicht \u00fcber das ambiente und essen hinwegtr\u00f6sten konnte .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in addition to the bizarre behavior outlined in my previous review , the owner eventually found our group 's website and began harassing members and the group at large on our forums . she also made direct statements to multiple members indicating she does not wish to have lgbt persons in her store , despite the willy street location . the extreme level of unprofessionalism is unbelievable . please look for another place to find your yarn - you will be treated better and have better yarn to select from .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unprofessional owner who discriminates against customers with alternate lifestyles .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this business is now in the process of going out of business . this is what happens to businesses in this city who voice objections to their customers who are lgbt or polyamorous . bigotry is not welcome in madison .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not the best yarn selection and was unimpressed with the space . some if the staff has been a bit chill , but was very impressed with the knowledge and friendliness of one or two staffers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while i do like this place and have never had a problem personally , i also know of several others that have had problems with this shop and the staff . i have only been to the shop once since it 's move to willy street . it 's nothing personal , i 'm on a strict yarn diet for awhile . i have purchased many things there over the last few years . i like the shop because she carries items that can not otherwise be found in the madison area ( for the most part - there 's always some overlap ) . it was a bit unnerving to be followed around ( this was before the move to willy street ) or know that there were several cameras watching you at all times but i just asked questions and talked to the staff . it made life easier and less unnerving . the new space on willy street is significantly smaller and , therefore , is more cramped . there 's not much room to have a class inside but it 's , at least , organized .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had my kid 's birthday party here , all the kids had a lot of fun bowling until we went upstairs to one of the party rooms , which was absolutely freezing ! i asked one of the staff to turn the heat on and she said that the heating is not working at all ... something they neglected to tell us before the party or at least the beginning of the party and maybe find us another spot with functional heater . it was -12c outside and not much warmer in our party room , all the kids had to wear their coats and stick their hands in their pockets . no , we did not get a discount .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for what appears to be a bit of a dying pastime , the place is pricey ! avoid weekends . bowling needs to be cheaper .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i want to like this place and i want to go here all the time but the selection of balls and general condition of them makes it hard to really enjoy bowling here . most of the balls are so hacked up that they hurt your fingers after the first game . of the balls they do have it seems most are made for people with the worlds tiniest fingers . overall until they spend some money on new balls i do n't really have much interest in going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a bowling alley , which reminded me of every other experience i 've had bowling . you go to building which is usually dated and not really all that clean , you rent shoes that someone else recently wore , throw some balls ( some of which are covered in greasy finger prints of previous players who liked to eat chicken wings and finger foods between throws ) at pins , drink a couple of beers , and leave . but let 's be honest , bowling is n't needed to be a high class affair . so assuming you can get past the potential germs and low brow atmosphere like we did , you can actually have a moderate amount of fun for a reasonable cost . and for that fact , i give this place 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they 've an amazing staff for 10 pin & 5 pin bowling too bad the equipment is archaic but their staff is perfect", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rented shoes , outdated music , greasy food & dented balls ... sounds like a great night to me ! we went on a monday and the deal was $ 5 to play and $ 0.75 per game after 10pm . i love a deal . it 's open 24hours ! the have 5 & 10 pin bowling , but come on ... 10 pin is where it 's at . and the poutine ? yes please ! yummy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here over 6 times and this is one of my favorite karoke places by far ! drinks and food and prices are always on point ! they have a variety of rooms you can have with beer pong tables , darts , and regular karoke rooms . the packages are all a great price and the booze and service are always consistent ! love take one karoke and if you get bored you can always go up a floor to idarts and play some pool and beer pong and darts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "summary : an nice karaoke place uptown . tip : download the mobile app in advance a group of us went here during weekend happy hour . the place is inside a building , which is a bit hard to find . apparently this place has been opened for many years . the song ordering system is a bit strange , you need to download a mobile app to order . some of my friends have technical difficulties . we spent half an hour try to debug it . somehow , it does not work on some android phones . the happy hour is $ 10 + tax + tips that includes 2 drinks , from 1 to 9 o'clock . the drinks here are pretty nice , recommend the milk tea . the english song selection here is pretty limited . they got a lot of chinese songs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you check-in here on yelp , you get free chicken wings ( 2 per room ) ! they honored it during the happy-hour . selection of songs was better than some other k-places i 've been to . the service was also much better too than most considering there was maybe one or two people manning the operation . the only place where i 'd be a bit meh about was the food . the person making the food kept using the same seasoning on everything :3 also , when we ordered 5 hot lemon tea 's , they just gave us a pitcher , but then when we ordered 3 hot lemon tea 's , they gave us in individual mugs . price : 4 5 service : 4 5 food : 2.5 5 price point : 3.5 5", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here numerous times . friendly staff and will try to accommodate you as best as possible . happy hour until 9pm ( starts 1 pm ? ) for $ 10 a person ( includes 2 basic drinks ) . what a great deal ! they also gave you a coupon for one person free on next visit . on one visit , other people 's voices were broadcasted in our room for a few seconds intermittently - perhaps something to do with the signal . not too big a deal ( maybe 3-5 times an hour on average ) we had a good laugh over it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "happy hour is cheaper and worth it compared to any other places . service is excellent . definitely coming back for happy hour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on a saturday night when everywhere else is full . this place usually has quite a lot of empty rooms . it was hard to find at first because it 's on the 3rd floor of a building . hmm the place is quite dark so i do n't really remember any fancy decor ... the sound system is kinda crappy . we had 1 mic that was decent , the other is soft and echoey no matter how u play with the settings . you can order songs off of your phone which is nice . and the minimum spending is a lot lower compare to other places . the rooms are big but not very sound-proof since our neighbors were really loud .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went during happy hour on a saturday before 9pm . the price of $ 10 person seemed worth it since you get 2 non - alcoholic drinks included and a check in gives u a free basket of wings . we mentioned a friend was vegetarian so they accommodated with spring rolls which was nice of them . the shirley temple i ordered was good but the milk tea was a bit too sweet . with regards to the actual karaoke portion , we downloaded the app but it did n't work so we had to use the remote from the system . it was a bit outdated and extremely hard and time consuming since we could n't search for a song , but had to scroll until we saw one we liked . some videos had lyrics that were not timed properly and came up too slow . other songs we tried did n't have lyrics at all . overall , money was worth it for the drinks and food but karaoke was extremely outdated and needs improvement . would doubt a repeat visit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place ! service is fast and politeness consistent . i must say the service has been consistent since the very first time i 've been here . management has changed but still good . maria has been great and very awesome to say the least . she always gets me the things i need , sometimes even after last call . she also gives a free platter of shots when it 's someone 's birthday lol yea , the shots are kind of watered down but what do you expect - they 're free ! i just love how maria takes care of my group when we go , so maybe you guys should let her know there 's a bday too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ( 4 people ) spent almost $ 200 for the smallest room for about 3 hours ! the staff kept selling us alcohol and the price is not what we had agreed . worst experience ever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after gorging @ dragon pearl buffet for my birthday my group decided to go for a classic asian activity ... karaoke ! it 's an alright place , you walk through dark hallways to get your room , you sit down & try to pull up songs on the menu , could be more user friendly . english songs are not up to date & in wrong categories , however , you can call staff by pressing service button & someone will come to your room . it 's an alright place but next time i would probably opt for club mirage .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i practically survuved on kfc in high school but over the last 20 yrs it has just lost its allure . i still like the coleslaw & biscuits but the chicken just isnt up to snuff anymore . last time i visited i tried the new chipotle flavored and it was just awful . the stuff is soooo greasy i can never eat more than 1 pc and i 'm a guy who can put away some food . i still risk it every time i get a coupon in the mail ... i guess i 'm always hoping it will be good again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so my husband and i ate here last night and we left totally disappointed . we both ordered the $ 5 fill up 3 piece chicken tenders meal because we both were so excited to try their new flg sauce . when we got our meals the chicken tenders were n't even warm , they were cold and tasted like they have been sitting done for hours . : ( and that was n't the only thing not warm the biscuit same thing ) . the mash potatoes were just ok and the cookie ok. service could have been better . however overall it was one of the worest experiences we have had at fast food restaurant and we will not be returning . what s shame ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i took my daughter to kfc and it was shocking how the uniforms were so dirty at 10:30 am when they just opened and no reason to be dirty . we walked in and walked right back out because they obviously had a problem with there plumbing . the smell of sewage was overwhelming ! my daughter likes kfc so they get 2 stars for that . based off of cleanliness it would be no stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what happened to you , kfc ? ? your recipe no longer tastes the same , then you bring back these `` popcorn nuggets '' . it 's an old barely visible strip of fossilized fat covered in layers upon layers of `` breading '' that is about as appealing on chewing on glass . had to throw them away and i 'm p ssed for wasting my money . what a freakin disappointment . there 's so much grease in the thighs that it is soggy on the inside and just nauseating . all you have that 's relatively palatable is your mashed potatoes . you never should 've switched colonels .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible service here ... takes forever to get someone to take your order inside , even when there 's clearly already a line when i show up . when it came time to fill my drink cups , i did n't see any medium size lids and asked one of the staff members for some . she handed me one even though i had 2 cups and it took another 2-3 min for me to get her attention again . they also have a sign on an empty napkin holder saying that they include napkins with every order , however , when i left with my order i realized that i did not get any napkins or utensils . this location sucks . rude and slow staff , and no utensils , plates or napkins are included unless you specifically ask for them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast and friendly service ... forgot the guy at the drive thru s name but he was great and made us laugh . its kfc i know what i 'm getting an it 's always good ! ! ! its convinently located and makes the car smell good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such nice and friendly people work here . their chicken is always delicious and fresh . i love their biscuits with honey and butter . i would definitely check know them out if you are in the area and are in the mood for some chicken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wag of my finger ! ! this place committed a deadly sin in my opinion ... they charged me for an upgrade which was only1.50 more but then they did n't add the extras into my to go box ! i was there today on 8 23 and the girl at the window was funny and nice but then the other lady screwed up my order . i was the only on in the drive thru ! i was in a rush i was in a u-haul , moving and i must say : even though i skipped breakfast , i found the chicken underwhelming . i have n't had kfc in a while and i wo n't be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so they charge .75 a wing to try their new sauces and if you order the full order and not like them oh well ... no money back ... no exchange ... your problem if their product is less than par . and ahen i asked the female manager laughed at me ... am i crazy ? or was that just bad customer service ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went here for lunch today . the place is dirty . one of the employees sneezed really loud into his hand and kept on going . my friend told the lady at the register he sneezed in his hands and she said , `` it 's okay he does n't handle the food . '' no one knows what goes on behind the scenes at fast food , but to see it was really gross . we left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you 'd think a popular restaurant that exclusively sells chicken would always have it available , so being told i 'd have to wait 15-20 minutes until they cooked it was crazy - maybe that 's just the way they roll in vegas !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "chicken so greasy that the breading was falling off the chicken and grease laying in the bottom of the bucket . they also charge the same price for all dark meat as a mix of white and dark in the 16 piece bucket . very overpriced for legs and thighs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i usually stay satisfied with this place maybe it 's from the chemical inserted chicken that makes me feel satisfied . so it 's with great despair that i ca n't give them a good review my chicken pot pie was only have full of pot pie . are they trying to stretch it out or what very lame unsatisfied lady here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is not bad but the service leaves a lot to be desired . the cleanliness is non existent . tables are sticky , food stuck to the floor and it looks like dining area has n't been cleaned in a long while , even though the place is not busy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "being somewhat close to the north strip this seems like a good fast food option but i would not recommend eating here . the service is terrible . we ordered a bucket of crispy chicken through the drive thru around 6pm ( only car in line ) and they gave us the wrong chicken . they also failed to give us all the sides we paid for . we were tired and did n't check the food until we got back to the hotel room . tired , crying and disappointed kids is not something i wish on anyone . i wo n't be back here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not bad , they dont always have what you want for chicken kinds but they make it work with others if you arent too picky . its always hot the 5 times ive been .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "strictly bulk is a regular stop on my weekly grocery shopping trips . i pick up all my nuts , seeds , rice , and baking supplies here . they also have tahini and honey behind the cash . the quality is top notch , the prices are good , and it 's nice to not have to waste all the packaging that comes with prepackaged items . once you buy nuts at a bulk store you 'll never go back to buying prepackaged , stale crap at the grocery store . my only complaint is that they could have a better selection of dried beans . i usually end up going to little india for my lentils instead . pro tip : bring your own containers . they 'll weight them for you when you first come in , then subtract the weight of the container when you pay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they could film an urban dating show in this place . everyone seems to be either a young hot hipster or a deranged under-medicated lunatic . the human mix is superb . you would think that the breakdown is based on item-selection ... .some people just inherently like the quinoa and soy beans , others come in for the sugar-coated-jelly-candies and pop-rocks . but it 's actually much more of a complex social experiment than that . it seems that people shop here based on their mood of the moment . you can tell that julie is lonely because she 's stocking up on the bigger chunks of dark chocolate . you can tell that billy is feeling adventurous because of his bag full of wasabi peas is particularly large this morning . whatever the case , they have it all.. all the time . and the bins are kept full , the staff is always smiling and the place just feels human . bonus points for the outstanding choice of veggie `` food '' in the back . the place just rocks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "strictly bulk is very much like the `` bulk barn '' except much smaller and independently owned . pricewise , it 's awesome . i come here for all my cooking and baking supplies . nothing like having fresh spices at hand instead of using the shit that 's been sitting in your cupboard since 1985 . you can buy small quantities of spices and they end up costing $ 0.50 or so . so basically it 's the perfect place to go when you have a new recipe to try out but do n't want to spend $ 25 at the grocery store on all the obscure ingredients . besides spices , they have nuts , candy , cereal , various flours , dried fruits , legumes . they also carry a lot of packaged and canned foods of mostly organic brands .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great for all your health food baking needs . their prices are actually pretty good . i used to work in a health food store and so i always am comparing prices ... and they are actually similar ; most things are cheaper then the average health food organic store ( think whole foods , noahs , evergreen , etc ) but some things are at average or more expensive . there is typical bulk food ; flour , quinoa , oats ( and some organic options ) , as well as soy milk , tea , coffee , honey , clif luna lara bars , st. john 's , black river products and etc . the staff are always friendly . i would recommend the store !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love strictly bulk ! the staff are friendly and playful . the store itself feels less cramped than many other bulk stores - perhaps because half the aisles are lined with waist high bins rather than towering shelves . and it 's a short bike ride from my house . they have the cheapest almond meal i 've seen anywhere in town ( regularly 6.49 lb , it 's been on 'sale ' for weeks at 5.99 lb - woot ! ) , but their stock of other non-wheat flours is not as comprehensive as it could be ( i found brown and white rice flour , but that 's it ) . that 's ok . i still heart them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place - great prices and selection ! i shop here at least once a week . the staff are amazing - know their products and are friendly without the usual phony baloney . genuine great bunch of staffers . would highly recommend to all !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was one of my first discoveries upon moving into the bloorcourt hood ! i have always loved bulk food stores , and strictly bulk did not disappoint . it contains bins upon bins of your usual bulk food contents ; cereals , pastas , spices and chocolate covered almonds : ) ! as well , you will find a fridge full of organic dairy products and shelves of other organic goods . there are some packaged foods here , so not everything is sold in bulk , and when you are done shopping , a tiny cafe at the front of the store is a good rest-spot for people watching with a coffee and a paper .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great ! they have all the usual bulk goodies ( nuts , grains , pasta , spices ) , plus things i did n't even know came in bulk , like cookies ! and soap ! there is also a selection of non-bulk items like dairy products , tofu , hummus , granola bars , which makes one-stop shopping a bit easier . plus , the cashiers have all the products memorized . no hunting down pens to write numbers on awkwardly shaped tags here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love it . i just moved downtown from north york and needed to find a new bulk place . kensington market was too crowded for me so i had to look a little further , and i found this gem . they had everything i was looking for and at half the price or better than the previous place i shopped at . the staff was friendly , and if i had asked for help i 'm sure they would have helped . they had a little less selection than they could have , but they were n't missing anything of importance to me . i will be returning there frequently and would recommend it to anyone else who lives in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought this place was amazing , however it would seem not ! i brought two bags of oats a few months ago and have just noticed this morning that both bags are now crawling with maggots ... i wo n't be shopping there again ! i hygiene is obviously a big issue ! ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "does n't have the enormous never-ending selection of bulk barn but still has most of the things you could want . it 's cheap and friendly with a range of healthy stuff and treats . staff are friendly and have that bizarre ability to recognise random items thrown into a little plastic bag and get the price right . if the shopping has worn you out , they have a little seated section by the window and serve coffee . it seems like people from the neighbourhood are regulars-it 's really relaxed and friendly . tip : if you like clif and lara bars , it 's one of the cheapest places to buy them and also has a good selection ( including my possibly favourite-maple nut ) . clif bars are $ 1.39 here and you can buy by the box if you like : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rock bottom prices and a huge variety of fresh bulk foods and spices , as well as lots of beyond-the-norm condiments and healthy choice items , in a pristine and easily accessible shop ... the choir in my head went off a few minutes into my first visit . just go , you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stumbled upon this store one afternoon while walking home from the subway and was literally aghast that such a store was so close to my apartment and i had n't known about it . i immediately stepped in to browse and probably made a few rounds of the store before filling up on brown rice , nutritional yeast , dish washing soap and rice crackers . the variety of bulk items is extensive enough that i 've never not found an item . and do n't get me started on the prices ! ! i buy my almond milk by the case ( $ 20 ) and that usually lasts me 10 weeks . if i had to compare it to somewhere i 'd say it 's a bloordale-bulk version of essence of life tutti fruitti . i 'm in love !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was my favourite discovery after moving into the area in july . it has everything and is always inspiring me to try different things ... kamut pasta , pepitas , and saffron , oh my !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we go here every week to get our nuts , oatmeal , coffee ( i 'm not telling you which one because they always sell out of it ! ! ! ) , hewitt 's milk and yogurt , toothpaste ... must i go on . i love this place - great prices , awesome customer service ! great stock and choices ! plus cool things to try if you 're adventurous !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having a place like this in the neighborhood is so convenient . i usually duck in for my missing dry ingredients as they have a great selection and variety of nuts , flour , spices , dried fruit , coffee etc . well priced in my opinion . they also sell some dairy products and other healthfood healthcare items . there 's a 'cafe ' feel about it because even though there 's one table and chair by the window to accommodate one customer it still enhances the ambience of the store . love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheap coffee , nuts , and dried fruits . super cheap dairy as well . if you 're feeling broke , their drip coffee is pretty good and they let you refill for free ! only hitch is getting the single sunny table in the window . it 's an early bird 's game ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the prices and the vibe are much better than bulk barn .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly and knowledgeable technicians . i had a problem with my garage door opener light turning on erratically on its own any time of the day . after weeks being misled by another garage door company wasting my time with unproductive and unreliable appointments , my homeowner 's warranty sent deni 's to the rescue . two very friendly technicians came in , spent time to understand the issue and diagnosed a defective wall switch ... switch replaced in 10mins and problem is now fixed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the spring on my garage door broke on the sunday before christmas . i thought with the holidays it would be a week or more before we could get it fixed . i phoned at 8:30 on monday morning and a crew was at my house by 11:00 . the men that showed up were polite and professional and it only took about 30 minutes to fix . i am very pleased and highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never saw deni -- he came and went like a sleuth-y hero . a thick iron spring had broken in two on one side of the rickety door opener in my free-standing garage , and the door had come off its rails and tangled its own cable . i was worried i 'd have to buy a whole new mechanism as well as pay for its installation , but i called deni in the hopes that he might be able to diagnose an easier fix to the problem . he came to my house while i was at work , replaced the spring , got the door back on its rails , and untangled the cable , all for less than 80 dollars ( about eight times less than a friend had said i 'd have to pay to get the whole thing replaced ) . even though i never saw him either coming or going , deni is my hero .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend deni . had a problem with garage door shutting due to panel being cracked . thought i was gon na have to replace door or panel which is in the $ 600+ range..deni made a quick repair that cost me under a $ 100 and he was only here for 20 minutes..good guy too..really down to earth guy..definitely recommend him..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love dr. shaia and his crew , so attentive and the most pleasant bunch around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. shaia is thee man ! his office staff is so welcoming and attentive , the ease of scheduling appointments is unmatched , the cleanliness and comfortable atmosphere his office provides is top notch ! ! he is so nice and understanding , explains all you need to know and is patient and kind ! he accepts most insurances , and his office hours are the normal 8:30-5:30 . i 've been to a number of dentists in my life and dr. shaia is # 1 ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. shaia is awesome . i 've been seeing him for maybe a year now , regular cleanings , couple fillings , and one crown . he takes my crappy insurance , and did n't take an arm and leg for the self-pay crown i had . the numbing shots are the worst part for me , but he jiggles your cheek a bunch so you can hardly feel it . they also offer ipads with netflix to help distract entertain you . today i had a couple more fillings , and a chip repaired on my front tooth . as long as i can remember i have had white spots on my two front teeth , which he offered to take out while fixing the chip . what ? ! i 'm nearly 30 and it took a dentist this long to tell me that could be done ? ! my newly single-shade front teeth look awesome , i could n't be happier . thanks doc !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich hole schon seit \u00fcber 12 jahren \u00f6fters verschiedene sachen von larca , egal ob textilien oder camping- und wanderausr\u00fcstung . die ersten jahre nur \u00fcber telefon und internet , war ich in den letzten 6 jahren auch \u00f6fters mal in schorndorf oder stuttgart direkt . ich bin bisher immer mit service , qualit\u00e4t & preis sehr zufrieden gewesen , genauso auch mehrere freunde von mir und die qualit\u00e4t selbst bei den eigenmarken ist sehr gut ! viele sachen sind bei uns noch nach vielen jahren regelm\u00e4\u00dfig im einsatz und einiges sogar schon seit \u00fcber 12 jahren ( z.b . die jw-texapore-jacken und einiges der campingausr\u00fcstung ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "zugegeben , ich habe jetzt nicht gerade einen artikel gekauft , der sehr fachspezifisch ist , deswegen wei\u00df ich nicht , wie sehr larca diese klientel zufriedenstellen kann . allerdings suchte ich einen bestimmten artikel , der verk\u00e4ufer konnte mich sehr kompetent und freundlich beraten und ich bekam einen sehr guten preis . falls ich demn\u00e4chst wieder einen camping- oder outdoor-artikel ben\u00f6tige , werde ich sicher auch noch einmal bei larca vorbeischauen , weil es 1. \u00f6fter schn\u00e4ppchen zu geben scheint und weil 2. die eigenmarke qualitativ hochwertige ware zu sehr , sehr g\u00fcnstigen preisen bietet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice decor on the inside with friendly service . i walked in and ordered dinner to go and service was relatively fast . dinner entree garlic pepper with chicken and brown rice : plentiful and very flavorful fresh veggies and tender white meat only . the sauce was good enough to drink ! i especially like the care they put in cutting their vegetables ... starburst carrot ? ! nice ! it 's not the cheapest ( $ 12 for 1 entree ) but you get what you pay for here and i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good curry , good service , very clean came here for lunch with my son . i had the green curry , and he had spicy thai noodles . the green curry had great spice and flavor . the restaurant was extremely clean and new looking . the waiter was attentive . definitely will return and recommend to others !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this amazingly authentic thai restaurant while on a business trip ! the food is fresh and flavorful and the portions were huge ! i 've been to thailand many times and this place is the real deal . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have never eaten anything but delicious food here ! tonight , i ordered the crab fried rice . soooo tasty . sweet crab meat with cilantro , onion , and egg . everyone at the table kept taking bites . the tom kha soup is the very best i 've ever had . you will not be disappointed eating here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is good , service was pleasant but while i was sitting trying to eat the guy from the kitchen kept coming out and looking over the wall at me..his head just darting over here and therex to the point where i was kinda uncomfortable.. now i can see if the place was packed and they were looking for empty tables but it was completely empty , and i wanted to sit down relax and take my time eating my food ... i do n't know i just felt rushed.. other then that the food came out fast and it included a salad bar for lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything was super delish and service was great ! this is quite a way from home but will definitely be coming back again , soo worth the drive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered take-out ! very clean , very fast , and the staff was quite friendly . i got the chechen yellow curry in hot , a co-worker got the spicy noodles with chicken mild and another got the garlic & black pepper chicken medium . the spice levels were all correct . all in all , we 'll be back and try more form their extensive menu . update : went back a second time for takeout . still fast and friendly service , but the quality of the food took a nosedive . nothing tasted fresh , the pad thai had a fishy taste and a lot of dark grease on the noodles , the egg on the fried rice was kinda old , as well . will give it one more shot , but based the second experience , there are better options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is so good ! the food is delicious , the staff are so friendly , and the restaurant is immaculately clean . we have n't had a single item that we have n't liked . do yourself a favor and eat here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and service . soup and entrees were delicious , and very generous . pineapple coconut ice cream was really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great new restaurant in ahwatukee . the thai iced tea was large and fresh . i ordered a fresh coconut just for fun ! we split the potstickers with ground chicken . these are fried with very thin crispy shell . very good . mom decided to try drunken noodles with pork and basil . we split it and have enough for tomorrow too ! it was really tasty snd ordering it medium was the perfect `` hot '' for us . the ice cream was delicious too . pineapple coconut . easy access for handicapped and easy parking . we will be back soon . eat local ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yuuuum ! first time here and it was awesome ! very clean and nicely decorated . great customer service and a great early dinner ! i had the mango delight", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has become our favorite father-daughter date spot . i 've been here probably 10 times with my dad other family members and every time my dad has gotten something different and loved it . he 's normally not someone to compliment food or be very impressed but this place is so good . i get a cup of tom kha soup ( it 's honestly big ) and a side of fried rice ( why is their fried rice like crack ? i 've never felt this way before about fried rice ) and i ca n't stray away . yummmm . i hope they stay in business forever . best thai place in ahwatukee . i 've had everything else and nothing compares .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a new place that recently opened . staff is attentive during the meal . food is delicious . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a very nice place . a little hard to find as it is tucked in a non street facing strip mall . very clean and good service . the owner introduced himself . i had the yellow curry . with a medium heat . i will ask for more heat when i come back . i 'm glad to have a new thai restaurant in the neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great new restaurant . the food and staff have been awesome every time we 've visited !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered tonight using uber eats . delivery was fast . food was hot . and best of all , the food was amazing . ordered five different items and everything was delicious ! ca n't wait to visit the restaurant and dine in person .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service and food . they sure do not skip on the portion size and had plenty of chicken , basil , and veggies in everything . walked out full , happy , with a sizzling experience that came with plenty of leftovers ... coconut pineapple ice cream helped cool the mouth . yummy all the way around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had this place 3 weekends in a roll and it looks like its gon na be on my menu this weekend to come the food portions are good you definitely will have leftovers if your not sharing you 're dish . the taste is of the food was great , customer service was good and the place was clean . try the coconut pineapple ice cream its light and tasty . two thumbs up definitely check this place out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thai delight can not be faulted . the staff are very friendly and attentive . the food is fresh and so delicious . the atmosphere is clean and fresh . we are in the process of moving to chandler and i can see this as being a family favourite local restaurant . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i had to curry here and it is awesome . we had the crispy eggroll for an appetizer was really good . really good food great pricing nicely decorated clean establishment must try . great tia in the ahwatukee area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the first time i 've made a review for anything on here . i have to say this place took me by absolute surprise of how flavorful the food is and how filling the meal was ! got the thai fried rice and the pad see-ew and it was delicious ! took me and my girlfriend by absolute surprise and blew us out of the water ! very good food , very clean place , and very good people ! keep it up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great thai food . this is my second visit and both times have been excellent . love their panang curry . try the thai tea . after dinner , we were given coconut pineapple ice cream , made by the restaurant , at no charge . a tasty end to a great meal . give them a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . fantastic fresh yummy food every time.frequent this place several times a month . addicting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had pad thai chicken # 63 , mango salad # 24 , yellow curry with pork # 51 , heat level 2 to 3 . generous food with leftover . medium hot heat ! excellent food just like the reviews ! we have been to thailand a number of times and this absolutely rates authentic . fresh spices , generous protein , really excellent flavor . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no lie , this place is one of the best thai food i ever had ! services was very good and food came fast . im not a local here but when i return to tempe im definitely coming here . highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , excellent fast service , large portion sizes at good prices . i 'm partial to the pad thai and fried rice but its all delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "takeout on a weekday night . delicious panng curry that i stretched into four yes four meals by adding extra vegetables . pad thai is solid . delicious chicken larb . so nice to have this in the foothills .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 're new to the area and thai delight has become our go-to place for really good thai . great food , very quick and friendly service , and good prices make this a winner . as a meat eater , i hate ordering an asian dish and end up searching through the veggies for a piece of meat . that does n't happen here as there is an abundance of meat in the dishes they serve . my favorites are the drunken noodle and pas thai . you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for lunch based on the reviews and was n't disappointed . lunch entr\u00e9e come with soup and salad bar . the salad bar had fresh strawberries and blueberries , and the egg drop soup was excellent . entr\u00e9e were well portioned and delicious . wait staff was friendly and accommodating . there is plenty of seating and the atmosphere is pleasant . if you like thai food , give thai delight a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mmmm mmmm good ! first time visiting and will be returning again and again . finally i 've found a local thai restaurant in chandler that i really like ! i had the pumpkin curry w shrimp and friend had the pad thai w shrimp . both dishes were wonderful , filling and leftovers yay ! i always judge thai restaurants by how the noodle ratio to the rest of the ingredients in the dish . at thai delight the noodles were in proportion to the other ingredients not the major component . most places i 've had to ask them to reduce the noodles by half . the thai tea was just right in sweetness and we also got the delicious complimentary pineapple coconut icecream . wish i could buy a gallon of it ! ! ! thanks for a splendid dinner ! it was my friends birthday ! ps . dig the modern interior design !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small place with good atmosphere , food was great ! everything looked fresh . we had the coconut soup , thai fried rice and drunken noodles . everything was awesome and took some home to enjoy the next day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the papaya salad for takeout . i appreciate the complimentary salad or soup from the buffet , most thai places only offer the free sides with specific lunch orders . the taste was fresh & flavorful but i was disappointed to see that the salad only came with one shrimp . as much as it is the little things that make a positive difference ( like the soup salad buffet ) , only including one single shrimp in the salad made the my meal feel skimpy . at $ 9 , this salad is more than a side ... .i 'd have rather paid $ 9 for a salad with no shrimp then to expect maybe 2 to 3 shrimp & to only be given 1 . hopefully this is something the owners will take into consideration . service was friendly , the place was cute .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "clean , quick and a lot of flavor . the only thing i would do next time is order the grilled beef salad with less dressing . the soak it in dressing which makes the lettuce to wilted for me", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this downtown restaurant has been consistently good- i have eaten here several times over the last few years . this time i had the tempura shrimp appetizer and the fried calamari . they were both good , but i found the sauce that came with the calamari to be much more interesting and tasty than the sweet sauce served with the shrimp . the green curry with chicken was very good , with just the right heat ( ordered a 3 ) . a friend ordered a noodle dish that she was slightly disappointed in . overall i would recommend to try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , clean , prompt . we came for lunch and no one really explained the menu . once we ordered , i asked the waiter if the buffet i passed on the way in was where we get our soup and salad . he said yes but it would be nice if you are new there , to tell you . i ordered the green curry chicken and it was delicious with all the veggies . also no high chairs or booster seats . ahwatukee is a family area and they need to invest in those . it was hard to dine with my one year old . on the way out , the owner was standing right at the register and never said bye or thank you for coming in . they need to step it up on the customer service side and actually talk to their customers . otherwise , very nice experience and i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was great and quick ! ! ! i ordered the spicy basil lunch special . the only hesitation i would have would be the ground chicken . a little odd to me but tasted good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so good ! ! the restaurant is lovely inside and our service was great . yellow curry simply delicious , nice touch with the scoop of ice cream after ! will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "watch out ! i ate dinner here last night and have terrible food poisoning today . we ordered take out last night ... pineapple fried rice and an order of pot stickers . we were asked if we 'd like to add shrimp and chicken to the fried rice . i wish we had said no , because i suspect the shrimp was the cause . now my weekend is ruined because i feel terrible and ca n't get more than 20 feet from the bathroom . i hope no one else has to go through this type of pain because of this place . stay away !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this has to be one of the best thai restaurants i have been to . a lot of the places around the valley seems to have dishes that use the same base for curries , which results in a dish that does n't have too much of a flavor profile . my mom and i went here for lunch and ordered our regular dishes , chicken pad thai and red curry . i was expecting the standard flavor that these dishes have that i 've experienced with other thai restaurants , but to my surprise these dishes had a lot more flavor compared to other places . the vegetables were also very fresh and not overcooked . i think it 's best to go during lunch because of the value and the great amount of food that comes along with it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a perfect evening of shucking oysters at starfish ! i 've passed this place a few times and never once knew what kind of seafood magic they had cooking inside . everything we had was excellent and the service was fantastic . we started a dozen local and away oysters ranging from scotland to pei and they were all amazing . i ordered the white wine mussels and substituted the fries for a salad . dessert was amazing ! i got the sticky toffee pudding . i would recommend this place to anyone looking to have a nice time at a high end yet laid back restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was sooo looking forward to trying rodney 's oyster house , but the latest reviews suggest it 's gone right downhill lately . i 'd been to starfish a couple of times before , so tonight , craving molluscs i went back for the first time in a year . i 'd gladly give five stars based on the seafood alone . but the price seems rather high to me . ( i know , seafood is expensive ) . tonight i had 3 yummy little halibut cakes , a main dish of grilled salmon on a bed of creamy , delicious israeli cous-cous , and eight raw oysters . without a drink , my bill came to $ 90 including tip . is n't that sort of steep ? maybe i 'm out of touch . it was awfully good though , and the service was excellent . i 'm definitely a fan and will keep going back . but i have to save up a bit beforehand .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this cosy oyster bar boasts a varied selection of high quality oysters , an inviting atmosphere , and a champion shucker . does your local have a world champion shucker working the malpeques ? i did n't think so . our server was courteous and attentive and the food was great . my date 's dish ( fish ) was superb . i got a dozen oysters for a decent price -- they were fresh and delicious . obligatory title pun : this fish joint is a star . menu readability : well laid out and incredibly informative . includes information on oyster types ! need to mention : there is a plaque from guinness on the wall . this shucker means business . what this place teaches me about myself : starfish is n't just a clever move in bed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was there yesterday . after eating here , i got very sick . i would not recommend this place to anyone . even if i had n't gotten sick , i still would n't have recommended it . slow service , very little menu selection , and the prices were pretty high for what you get . stay clear of this place unless you want to pay $ 100 to be disappointed and sick ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh starfish , how do i miss thee . i no longer live in toronto but will always be a fan and love to spread the word . the selection of oysters are the best i 've seen anywhere and i love the freshly grated horseradish and the in-house made hot sauce . my love of oysters started here and has left me on the quest of finding anything as close to this in durham , north carolina . i also had the opportunity to try sea urchin for the first time here , the process is delicate and the result melt in your mouth . patrick takes great care in the presentation with beautiful results . want to know about oysters ? patrick is the oyster master in my book and you can find out for yourself by picking up a copy of his book , `` consider the oyster , a shucker 's field guide '' when back in toronto , you are sure to find me at the bar ( which by the way is made of oyster shells ) eating a variety of succulent molluscs while sipping a beer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good , but not earth-shattering . staff was friendly , courteous , knowledgeable . cuisine itself , was a bit better than `` ok '' , but certainly not earth-shattering . prices , reasonable . 4 drinks , 6 oysters , two appetizers , and two mains = $ 130 . reasonable . portions were n't really all that generous . i do n't know that i 'd go back vs. trying somewhere else when the urge to have seafood strikes again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been back a few times . think i may have been a bit overly enthusiastic . still a great place for oysters .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum , best oyster bar in my memory bank . bartenders shuck and serve oysters between serving drinks , pulling off the hipster- my-only-speed-is-laid-back thing- really well . everything was fresh . we sat at the bar for a round of drinks and as out oyster sampler was created -- lovingly including fresh grated horseradish . we savored every one . then moved to a table by the window for dinner one of our group got the special which was well prepared others shared salads and more appetizers . will be back next time we are in to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "others seem to be mentioning speed of service here . sit at the bar if you can . i 've never had a problem with the service . knowledgeable , friendly , and attentive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it seems sacrilegious to admit to not having shellfish here , but i 'm wary of seafood in land-locked toronto , especially on one of the hottest days of the year . my friend and i shared the sourdough toast with mushrooms and bleu cheese -- a lovely , complex starter that our waitress recommended when we asked what was good for sharing . i 'm sure the rest of the menu is just as delicious .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went during summerlicious , so it was fairly busy , but the staff was handling it really well . example : we ordered 3 tricky martinis and had them within 2 minutes . we were n't planning on getting the summerlicious menu , but it looked great so we went for it . the oysters were super fresh , the mussels were good and the people i was with really seemed to enjoy their desserts . beware , you can easily rack up a high bill here . even with the prix fixe menus ( + 3 martinis and one bottle of house sparkling ) we were at $ 240 before tip . eak ! will i be back ? hell yes ! oysters for everyone ! ... and next time i 'm going to splurge and get one of those huge lobsters i saw the rich guy next to us eating . basically , i ca n't afford to be a regular but it was a great night . ps : beware the summerlicious diners.. they are the worst .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't think i 've ever waited so long for a meal in my life ... the food was ok..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered the east coast plate for 12 $ 15 . oysters were from new brunswick and pei . they were n't as clean tasting as i would 've liked , too brassy and briny for me . but my boyfriend liked them : ) so to each their own . everything else on the menu is ridiculously overpriced . the fish and chips were $ 18 . it had 2 small fillets of panko bread crumbs battered fish . ( perch fish i believe . ) with a bit of shoestring fries and a side of coleslaw . for almost $ 20 , i expected a much bigger portion of fish and chips . the caesars we ordered were alright , i 'm not sure what they put around the top of the glass , but it definitely was n't celery salt . the drink also had way too much horseradish ! service was slow , only 1 waitress was working when we first arrived at 5 pm , then more came on later in the night . overall , decent experience but nothing amazing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am not an oyster fan . i know this is shocking for some people , and our friendly shucker even invited me to leave when he learned my dirty secret , but i loved the starfish anyway . the raw clams and scallops stood out as the best thing all night especially since i had them with a great martini . my friends had a dozen oysters and were raving about them , and the fresh horseradish was also a hit . we shared the octopus dish with sausage and lentils , which was a surprisingly fantastic combination and the best cooked dish we had . s had the fried softshell crabs , d had the whitefish with ramps , and i had the sturgeon with beets , cabbage salad , and potatoes . the sturgeon was the best of the three , hands down , although fried softshell crabs are pretty much good no matter what . the rhubarb sauce on the side made them stand out . i would go back again and again for drinks and raw seafood and be perfectly happy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i was mostly interested in oysters and a glass of wine or a pint , i 'd probably pick oyster boy or rodney 's , but if i was going out with a friend who does n't like oysters ( perish the thought ! ) , starfish would probably be a better choice because of the wider selection of non-oyster dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here for my birthday and tried about 50 oysters of various varieties . all amazing . service was spot on . i love oysters , and this is the place to go", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yes yes yes ! starfish reminds me a bit of luka 's taproom in oakland , california . it serves sophisticated and very good food in what looks at first to be a generic dive bar . for luka 's , the theme is german ; here , it 's irish . we did n't try the oysters , but we did check out the soup ( grace 's chowder ) , a salad , some smoked trout and a bit of grilled local pickerel . everything was great . the tastes complemented each other , and ( more importantly ) we had a great time . the tables around us had bottles of wine , mostly white wine . i had half-pints of two local beers and liked both of them . there are some wines by the glass , both red and white .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yay for summerlicious and getting me to this neck of the words to try out starfish ! the food here was just spectacular and i ended getting another order of oysters to go along with my prix fix as the selection and quality was top notch . this is definitely a place i 'll be coming back regularly to get my fix of oysters and tasty wine to pair ! also , it 's pretty cool to say you get your oysters from one of the world 's premier shuckers ! ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for the summerlicious menu . initially impressed by the ambiance , but the service was way too slow . 15 minutes before the waiter even came to ask about drinks . 45 minutes before the appetizer hit the table . all the more agonizing given that the menu brags about how the shucker is world-record fast . the oysters were fresh and the trout was decent , but the mussels were rubbery , and had a couple closed ones floating around . service was terrible for the price , and frankly , completely unapologetic .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here last week for winterlicious . my friend was craving for oysters and fortunately starfish had some open spots for lunch . i was late for 30 minutes so they serve her some oysters first . service was decent . they did n't try to get rid of us quick . when i came , i ordered more oysters . it was decent , but i 've had better . it tasted a bit fishy , so i 'm not sure about the freshness of the oysters . my usual favorite is the kumamoto oyster , but the ones they have here is not fresh at all . it lost all of its buttery taste . i was n't impressed by the winterlicious menu . the taste is so-so . visually is alright , but it definitely did n't give a good impression of the restaurant compared to the photos on yelp . i do n't think i will come back unless i 'm craving for oysters and rodney is close .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "another one of my neighborhood great restaurants . just sit by the oyster bar , have a chat with they oyster shucking master , and you will not be disappointed . i tried some of the yummiest oysters there . i especially enjoy the variety of european oysters they offer . the other day , i tried the tsaskaya from france , and i think i died and went to heaven for a few seconds . oh do n't skip dessert ! they have the best sticky toffee pudding in town ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fabulous meal ! great service . nice quiet ambience on sunday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "-service was horrible ( never checked on by waiter , snobby staff , could n't even get a refill of water , served by 3 different people no dedicated server ) -food : oysters were great . fish and chips were most bland ever ( over-salted fries , fish tasted like nothing.. batter was worst i 've had ever ) verdict : save your money go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "toronto , ontario- quaint place , slightly understaffed but very sweet and accmodative staff- sea bream was great , cooked just right- the calamari is not your typical fried- it 's grilled and you get the true flavor and feel of squid- i 'd go back for sure", "score": "4"}
{"review": "before 6pm is their happy hour , you can get a bowl of creamy mussels for only $ 5 i even wanted to finish the ssoup left in the bowl , yummy yummy . of course the oysters here are the signature dishes , a dozen fresh oysters for $ 15 coming with gentle vinegar , garlic sauce , horseradish and a slice of lemon wedge . some beer or caszer cocktail are $ 5", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times but the last time , friday , was just meh . oysters are always good , but the mains need working on . the appetizer , fishcake , was mediocre , and service was extremely slow even though it was not busy for a friday prime time dinner night . the waiters waitresses are also subpar for the service you are expecting . for the price i paid , i would go somewhere else even though i live half a block away .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "finally decided to try this place , which is literally steps away from my apartment , and was definitely glad to have done so . for starters , we had the sardines and the smoked salmon -- which i felt good about ordering because of the high omega-3 and vitamin d content . : ) we then proceeded to order an assortment of 12 oysters , that paired well with the sauces they provided but even better with the tobasco sauce that we requested . the white wine we ordered ( an alsatian gewurztraminer ) went really well with everything we ordered . the meal itself was pretty good but what really put it over the top was the much-ballyhooed sticky toffee pudding ( which is worth the price of admission alone ) . was definitely in a state of bliss after consuming it . also , since it 's tiff , it was n't a surprise to run into a celeb ( kris holden-reid from underground ) at the restaurant . great feel to the place and friendly service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "5 stars for the oysters , -2 for the limited menu , +1 for the thoughtful service and its a nice spot for all purposes", "score": "4"}
{"review": "starfish is yummy , cool almost casual-ish ambiance , memorable caesars . friendly service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just ok for the dining and service was not up to my standards . could not get over how dirty the restaurant was . the floors looked as if they were last refinished three decades ago ; the curtains looked as if something was living in them ; the windows looked as if they were cleaned with the floor mop and the menu looked as if it was printed two decades ago . advice , go elsewhere for atmosphere and service like they wanted you there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious bistro style fish and chips ! the fries are skinny and cooked with herbs -- yum . overall a great choice for a restaurant if you 're looking for something a bit nicer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just go for oysters . the mussels are okay , but the flavor feels muted ( needs more garlic , pepper ... something , anything ) . they are n't nearly adventurous enough with their oyster shooters , a drink concept that calls out for experimentation . our waiter was incompetent . mysteriously , however , he was replaced mid-meal , so i suspect maybe he was n't a real waiter and was just filling in . anyway , not a bad place if you want oysters , which are the food of the gods .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a huge disappointment ! the service , a large party of great geek tippers . the food was certainly not not very good at all with the exception of the desert . the service was not very hospitable . do not waste you time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "phenomenal flavors with a cozy vibe ... pair that with terrific wines and pro staff , and this one is a winner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for winterlicious for a late night dinner . oysters were very delicious . main was nothing extraordinary but well made . toffee was amazing - melted in your mouth . service was fantastic ! one of the best deals for winterlicious 2013 by far- $ 35", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oysters ! ! ! who does n't like oysters , i came to this place , with a really good friend of mine , and i have to tell you these oysters where so fresh probably the best oysters in the city , but there was one small problem do n't come here if your super hungry you will have to order at least 6 dozen of oysters to be full , and that might be a bit pricey for only one person so think before you do it ! ! i guess its worth a try ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best oyster restaurants in north america ! the reason : an obsession for the highest quality in oysters , shucking , source knowledge and presentation . no , not the fanciest restaurant in toronto . but the combination of oysters , an interesting wine & dinner menu and the friendly banter of patrick and his expert shuckers earns starfish five stars . sit at the oyster bar , order a glass of something with bubbles and enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst service i 've ever experienced at any restaurant anywhere in my entire time on this earth . rude , condescending , ignorant service does n't wash even if the cuisine is the best in the world so it certainly does n't wash here . want a great oyster bar experience ? go to neptune oyster in boston , go to pearl dive or hank 's in dc , heck go to rodney 's a few blocks away but do n't go to this joke expecting anything other than pretentiousness with neither the culinary chops or class to back it up . i see starfish has now closed and has taken ( stolen ? ) the name of the great dc oyster bar pearl dive and added and `` r '' at the end . hope mr. mcmurray has visited pearl dive dc and got a sense of what professional service is all about . if so , maybe i 'll give this re-branded starfish a try .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i had been to starfish before and had really enjoyed the experience . i decided to book a special event there with eight of my friends . what a gong show . first off they ran out of some many things before 9:30 pm including a ton of different beers and food choices . the server was clearly not into providing great service and many within our party had to wait for over 20 minutes to get a drink . i mean i could see the bar from our table it would have been easier to go and order at it . we finally placed some orders and some of the items we ordered never made it to our table until we had to remind the server a few times we were still missing food . while they did have lots of oysters which is good i was very disappointed with the other aspects of our time there and i am in no hurry to go back . i will be looking for other options when it comes to oysters and seafood particularly a restaurant that actually cares about services .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "skipped the summerlicious menu : great tsarskaya , and malpeque oysters . delicious haddock cakes . subpar lobster . a 3lb lobster arrived , cut in half with all the brownish green guts spilling out , and the fleshy bits were not sweet . this subpar lobster was $ 28 lb . a total turn off . the sticky toffee pudding that they are known for was perfect , but they did not pair it with a coconut ice-cream they had , because they were `` saving '' it for another desert pairing . had to shoo away a lot of fruit flies in the back room where we were seated as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yes it is on campus a huge plus . it is subway and if you need food ( and convenience ) this is the shop to stop at . service is fine , it 's a sandwich not rocket science , it 's not that bad . store is clean , kinda small , but come on it is a kiosk shop . grilled chicken on flatbread.. yumm..yumm..yumm", "score": "4"}
{"review": "convinent location , horrible customer service . my sandwich is either burnt or so sloppy it falls out . sandwich preparers side conversations are loud . during peak hours not enough coverage for amount of people . cashiers are usually somewhat happy to be there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pros : on the dark side of campus . one of the more healthier options . they have friendly staff and a clean atmosphere on the inside . there are also 2 places to order . cons : even with all this , they are still really inefficient . the line can get way too long to wait in . there many times that they are under stocked with food items . and some of the items do n't taste as fresh as others ! sometimes customer service can get awkward lol , it 's not very good . overall : i always come here because it 's closest to my classes , but they could use major improvements !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "long lines during lunch rush , avoid at all costs ! ! however , i like that this location is at the north end of campus near the engineering building . i 'll snag a sandwich when they open at 9am so i can have it after my class at 11:15 . employees are okay , nothing special , and nothing to complain about . i like that there 's two sides to order at during busy times . i wish the building was bigger to accommodate the long lines , but that 's alright . another side note , their soda fountain is always in tip top shape . never gotten anything flat or weird tasting from it , which is nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got there when it opened during this summer 2016 semester . i was the first person in line . the guy made my sandwich halfway , then left it on the counter to make the other five people 's behind me . he finishes mine , then wo n't even ring it up , so he can go make more . granted i know he was the only person working the line while the two ladies in the back just sat there and did nothing , it still should n't take 15 minutes to make my damn sandwich as well as five other peoples . if anything he 's not at fault , the ladies who work there in the morning should be fired .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "subway ! market ... fresh..every..day ? subway is a frequent go-to for me since it 's close to my classes and research building , and the $ 5 foot longs are great for lunch and saving the other half for dinner . i would say this place is pretty standard , compared to others . the staff are usually nice and have gotten my back when i forgot my wallet , or when they just wan na give free cookies ( yayy ! shout out to less-young filipino lady working ) . the line at this location can be backed up like crazy though , so i try to avoid it as much as possible when 10a classes get out and especially when 1130a classes get out ( ay caramba , foreal ) . unfortunately , summer hours are limited here and this location is only open during session 3 until 2p . i appreciate they have regular iced tea options too ! makes staving off from soda a lot easier .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is what you expect but the people working there are rude and mean to customers . go to the one on the student union .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "how does a place stay in business when it wo n't take a phone order . oh wait , prey on college students and make them stand in line for 30-60 minutes . obviously no one from the business department was consulted on their idiotic operating model .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "treated very poorly with atrocious customer service by the associate named rodina . gives every customer a hideous look with her face and attitude . not clear to the customer and tries to get us out of her face . i told her i want the 6 inch sub of the day and she grabbed a 12 inch sub , so i politely said , `` i wanted the 6 inch '' ( just to make sure ) and she vulgarly looked up at me while rolling her eyes at me and said , `` i know '' it left me a bitter taste in my mouth being treated so rudely at a subway cafe on my campus .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i found greg 's ad on craigslist and sent a message through his website . i was very clear on what we needed . he responded quickly via email , and that was impressive . the day before our appointment he also sent a confirmation email . also impressive ! the day of our appointment he showed up exactly on time . three for three ! and then ... . after showing him the work to be done ( skilled cutting needed for a stair project ) , he huffed and said , `` i do n't do partial projects . '' um , your ad said `` no job too whittle '' ( get it ? ) , but clearly this project , a whole day 's worth of work , is ? again , i was clear in my email exactly what needed to be done . most awkward exchange ever ; thanks for making me feel like a worthless client .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love the work done by greg ( bookcase , barn door , and wainscoting ) . pricing was reasonable , materials used were excellent and work was done very quickly . i will definitely be using them again for future projects .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll give 3 stars because the staff is friendly , however worst fish sandwich i 've ever had in my life . the chicken wings are very good . do n't go for fish !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the burrell inn . i usually sit in the dining room but they also have a bar . my go to meal is a salad with the house italian dressing and the buffalo chicken sandwich . it feels me up and is not to expensive at all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dining room 's in the back & no smoking . they have great outdoor seating too . my go-to 's are the house salad with house dressing ( i crave this dressing & you can buy a bottle , which i recommend ) , jumbo wings with regular seasoning , pierogi pizza , & delicious fries + gravy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love going here ! you can go to the bar , or be more family friendly and stay on the other side or nice pation . i usually only get the steak salad , which i love ! ! it 's huge and has lots of ingredients in it ! may i add their house dressing is amazinggg ! ! ! i have had their fish sandwich on friday ( it 's different on friday than any other day ) . it is very good and again a nice cuz piece of fish . i definitely recommend trying it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in to order a white pizza after shopping . do i did not order ahead . first time there , was n't a menu posted to see what options were ... ordered the white pizza almost 30 minute wait and was unimpressed with the pizza . thin and no flavor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this bar . we have been visiting the burrell inn for years . amazing wings , pizza , beer , and apps . the chicken salad is a weekly take out for my family . i get it with breaded chicken . if you go to drink ask for the river hound it 's jameson red bull and grenadine , it 's fantastic and they make it best . the owner is almost always there and he makes you feel welcome . if you do n't like the smoke the outdoor seating areas are complete with coverage and tv , s . please go to the burrell inn inn for the win", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as good as hakka gets . i know it 's a bold statement but i am yet to be proven wrong . a little bit about me . i have lived in calcutta , india ( home of one of the largest hakka communities ) and i still go back for visits , so i really understand hakka . details : ambience : small joint in a strip mall , not much to write home about . not sketchy . crowd : brown people ( lol ) . variety : many cheap cheap cheap courses to choose from . not that it matters to me because i always go for my staple manchurian chicken and hakka noodles . and a mountain of white rice that is included with every dish , i believe . btw , i do n't eat spicy food so i order my food mild . verdict ? the owner is a gem of a guy . the servers are ever-smiling . i just love the vibe in this little restaurant . and the food is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chili chicken house is the first place i have ever felt confident to give 5 . whether it 's food , cleanliness , or service - it 's impeccable , no doubts . it 's the perfect place for a sit down meal , takeout , or just a back up when you do n't wan na cook . the food is great , not super greasy for hakka cuisine , and plenty of flavour . the staff there seems to know all their regulars by their first names . that speaks volume . definitely worth checking out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never even heard of this place . never even tried hakka food before . so chilli chicken house is a new discovery of mine last week when a small group of us decided to go here . one of my friends told me that this chicken house has the best chilli chicken in mississauga . so how could i say no ? i had no idea what to expect so i went in with an open mind . obviously they did the ordering because i had no clue to what to even choose haha . we shared the butter chicken , chilli chicken , and sweet and sour chicken . everything tasted delicious ! the chilli chicken was really spicy for me so i could only eat a few pieces . if i could handle the heat i would 've eaten more . the guys kept saying how the sweet and sour chicken tasted so sweet as if they were having dessert . it 's not super sweet as if you 'll get a toothache though . overall , food was great and i would totally eat here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious . whenever i am the gta , i have to get my fix of hakka chinese food , and chili chicken house is among the best . very easy to miss it in the mostly asian business strip mall where it is located , so keep an eagle eye peeled . i ordered carry out . i had the small house special soup , which was a spicy egg drop with crab , shrimp and mushroom . a very large portion for 3.95 . my entree was the dry chili okra , which was well spiced and generous in size , especially for 9.95 . along with this came an order of white rice . this place is probably 5 star material , and i plan on coming back before i leave gta so i can try some other things . one beef : no credit cards , debit card and cash only . i went to pay with my debit card , and the cashier said : no usa based debit cards either . americans plan ahead . bring cash .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great chilli chicken a 5 5 and calamari is also great . i had some other dishes and they where just okay see my pictures i rated them . place is very clean . most food is a cross between asian and indian .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i orderd the szechuan beef dinner special , it was pretty good and was on the mild side.. i also ordered an order if spring rolls for here and they were fanrastic not too oily hakka chicken shrimp and chicken corn soup to to go customer service was fantastic as usual", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , after seeing so many good reviews , we had to try this place ! however , we were disappointed to see that most things were deep fried but i gather that hakka indian food has evolved to be that way . when we ( usually go with my wife or kids ) we will try something non-deep fried , which my daughter did . her dish was the only one not deep fried . it was curry chicken and was pretty good . the option of adding veggies on the dish for just a $ 1 was good . now to talk about the service and the owners & staff . they were definitely a very friendly , warm and courteous group of people there . we were very happy with this and will definitely come back just for that reason . will look hard for the non-deep fried options and also ask for non-gravy options too . it is so pleasant to come to a place with such a friendly vibe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great hakka chinese cuisine in mississauga . my go to 's are chili chicken dry and manchurian fried rice . the chili chicken is crisp and has a nice peppery flavour that is n't too overwhelming . the spice level is just right for me but you can ask your server to adjust the heat to your preference . the manchurian fried rice has a nice red tinge and they do not skimp on the chicken . it goes well with any of the meat dishes that you can order here . keep in mind that the meat entrees do come with a big bowl of steamed rice . my gf loves the sweet and sour fish as it is not too sweet and large pieces of fried fish fillets are used in this dish . the great thing is that they have a large quantity of their main entrees available in both lunch and dinner specials , perfect for a generous serving of protein , rice and a fried spring roll . the service is usually great here as well as the servers are friendly and attentive , always coming around to refill your water .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came based off of the yelp reviews . highly recommended dishes by others include the dry chili chicken and crispy beef . i ordered both and they were both different and delicious . i cant recommend one over the other so order both like i did ! you wont be disappointed ! food comes hot , fresh , and fast , lots of parking , but tiny hole in the wall spot that fills quickly ! you will find all types of people eating here . check it out", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really tasty hakka chinese food ... we tried the chilli chicken , crispy beef and singapore noodles which were all delicious , but the noodles could have used more shrimp , pork , egg , etc . but the star was the chili chicken of course !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for years i made peace with mediocre hakka across the gta . even the once so popular places in the east or west end lost their charm and flavour with time and popularity ... until now ! the hunt ends . fresh , flavourful , delicious hakka has been found . well actually many years ago we did get take out from here but never had a chance to come back . now i 'm kinda regretting not coming back sooner . we ordered three dishes so we could take some home for tomorrow . the chilli chicken was great ! the spice and pepper fish was crispy and fresh . the manchurian noodles had the perfect amount of spice and flavour . chilli chicken house will now forever be our go to hakka place . move over , other wok and rolls ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my first hakka cuisine experience at chilli chicken house when i was at mississauga recently . i was really amazed by the food . it was a spicier version of chinese food and tasted a little like south asian cuisine . loved their chicken pakora ! the shrimp pakora was wonderful too and the pakora had generous amount of shrimps ! we ordered the spicy shrimp , manchurian chicken with the thai fried rice . i love my food really spicy so i loved the spicy shrimp . to me the manchurian chicken sauce seemed the blander version of the spicy shrimp sauce so it was my least favorite of all the food ordered that day . kids seemed happy with their pad thai and hakka rice noodles . the owner and workers were very friendly , helpful and checked on our group frequently . oh , it is a cash only service . decor was just ok but it was neat and clean and living in southern california i have seen worse . definitely 5 stars for the food and service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is seriously good . we got the chicken pakoras , crab corn soup , house fried rice , chilli chicken with gravy and american chop suey . we went on mother 's day and luckily we got a reservation so skipped the wait entirely . overall a good experience with decent service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best hakka restaurant in mississauga ! their chilli chicken is to die for , spicy and not overly breaded as some other hakka restaurants in town . my other fav item on the menu is their heavenly chicken pakoras..on top of their delicious food , service is amazing , the owner is always there and is super nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a triple-threat : great food , great staff , and great value . the chilli chicken house is definitely my go-to restaurant ( dine-in and takeout ) for hakka cuisine . my favourite dishes include their dry chilli chicken , crispy beef , and butter chicken . beyond the food , each and every one of their staff members are extremely friendly - from welcoming you , to taking your order , to ensuring that you 're enjoying your meal - and everything in between . highly , highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! we go here quite regularly , and absolutely love the food . my only complaints would be the long wait , and that on those really cold winter days , when someone opens up the front door , the entire restaurant becomes bitterly cold : ( but the food is well worth the wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just ordered to try a new hakka place in mississauga , ming and eddies were my frequent stops . i read the other reviews on yelp and online . we ordered chilli chicken , crispy beef , manchurian noodles and a couple spring rolls . i had to call them when i got home ... why u ask ? to tell them the food was awesome ! ! great portions and fresh ingredients ! my new hakka spot for sure ! ! the staff was really nice when ordering too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have to say the service here is fantastic , even though they are very busy , they still serve you like a first class , will come back next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we usually get pick up here but they have several tables to sit down and enjoy your food . favorite dish is the crispy beef , very tasty - willing to admit i reheated it for breakfast the next day and it was still delicious . the beef is actually crispy and covered ( not smothered ) in sauce . also tried the chilli chicken which packed some heat but was n't as flavorful as the beef . each of the meat dishes comes with a steamed rice as a side . their noodle dishes are also a solid choice . the prices are modest , not too cheap but you get a good sized portion of food . service is not the best , the workers almost look unhappy to be there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here on a rainy day and did n't feel like driving super far to eat hakka food . so busted out my trusty yelp app and searched for the nearest , but also delicious , hakka food . and bam this place popped up and was super happy i tried this place out . it received great reviews and the food was delicious ! also , was super glad we came at the right time as it started getting busy once we got our table , so i was glad i did n't have to wait . will definitely be coming back and hopefully this time try their chicken pakoras !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really great food . portion size and quality for price was very fair . i had the chili chicken dinner special , dry with hakka noodles which were so delicious and a spring roll . we did n't have to wait too long for the food . you could tell it was fresh . the chicken was spicy but not unbearable.. if you want more spice you have two sauces they give you to add but unless you like your mouth on fire i would n't recommend them . i 'm only taking off one star because it was my first visit and i only had the one dish but will amend my review once i try a couple other dishes and can see the food quality is consistent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been coming here with my family for almost a year now , and the food is constantly delicious , and the service has never had a down day . hakka cuisine is indian infused chinese food in essence and that poured through in spades . although not a huge restaurant , the atmosphere is close warm and homey , the servers are friendly and the food is phenomenal . the crispy beef and the hakka chow mien are my personal favourites .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can say is ... i 'm addicted to this place ! i tell all my co workers and friends about this awesome hakka chinese restaurant ! the food is always fresh and delicious and the portions are huge ! the owner is very friendly and the waiters offer above average service . i love the sweet garlic chicken , sweet and spicy crispy chicken , crispy beef , pad thai , fried rice , pakoras , and the honey garlic wings are killer ! cue drool", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to have your hakka fix . for the most part the food has been pretty consistent on every occasion i 've visited . decor is lack lustre ; but i 'm not looking for fine dining when i come . service is great too and better than most hakka places . definitely a recommend in my books .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fine dining at its best . amazing food , amazing staff , amazing atmosphere.had a romantic time here - highly recommended !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pros : friendly staff : always out to make sure your order matches what you want chili chk is great if you like spicy . sesame chk is great if you like sweet lunch combo by far the best value in the area cons : seating can be an issue time it takes for food to be ready is slower than i 'd prefer but they make up for it with how it tastes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some of the food here is fantastic , and some seems to be a hit or miss , like the crispy beef . i will however say that the crispy eggplant was the best eggplant dish that i 've ever had in my life or even dreamed possible ! ! ! also their fried rice and soups are great and portions very generous .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have tried many many many chili chicken places . this is by far the best chili chicken place in mississauga . [ make sure you get dry & spicy ] i must say , the moment you take a bite into the chicken , the perfect tenderness of the chicken just teases you for some more . if you love chili chicken , this is the place to go . the other food is really good too , but make sure you get that chili chicken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "theres not much more to be said other than that this restaurant is my go to hakka chinese food and is a fan favourite for all my friends and family . i always order the manchurian gobi , its fried cauliflower covered in amazing spices and never dissapoints . i also recommend the spice and pepper wings and manchurian fried rice , these two items come in large portions big enough for a family of four . i 'd also recommend order take out and paying in cash as theres a 10 % cash discount . in addition , weekend dinner time can get super busy , pick up times can go up to 45 minutes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ... is the only word for this place ! ! seriously wow ... ..i 'm a huge fan of hakka food , and tried alot of different t places ... this is by far the best place i have ever had ! i wish i can write a bad review just to scare people away so i can always get a table with my friends as this place gets busy ... but it 's to good of a place to keep a secret ... way to go to the owner and chef to keep things fresh and full of flavor ... you can truly taste the quality and passion in the food ! try the manchurian fish dry it 's to die for . the manchurian rice , the chilli chicken with gravy . just eat everything it 's all amazing . 5 + stars to this place 2 thumbs up amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know what the fuzz about ? i tried to choose zero but i could n't . so i went with one star if you love indian food you are going to be disappointed the butter chicken tastes nothing like butter chicken the manchurian beef was too salty it could give you a heart attack . plus they will tell you it 's chilli . the realty it 's not even 1 10 chilli very disappointing experience plus our bill was 25 for two meals , one of them only had rice , no drinks . also over priced", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well , seriously toronto needs an authentic hakka place . been to so many , in hope to settle my cravings for hakka . but i failed again . when mississauga just to try this place , after so many great reviews about the restaurant . but i was disappointed again . we ordered gobhi manchurian , chilli fish and fried rice , all were so to average or worse . but in case you like it , then you would be happy for the price- quantity ratio . the service was good and the owner was very kind .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been coming to this resto ever since it opened and it has not failed me yet . they should rename this place as flavor city but chilli chicken house is just fine cause their chilli chicken is bomb . shrimp pakora is on point and the spicy wings are some of the best in sauga . if you 're looking for best bang for your buck as well then cch is your place . lunch special for under $ 10 bucks is more than enough to out you to sleep after eating there . friendly staff very welcoming and always smiling . cch is definitely a staple in sauga and probably be around for decades .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unlike other hakka places i 've been to , their veg options are fantastic . noodle and tofu heaven ! ! spiced to perfection - super greasy and sticks right to your gut . it 's pretty small and no fanciness for dine-in but comfortable enough - adequate space between tables . take-out is just as good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice halal food especially hot & sour soup and beef chicken chilli dry noodles . recommended for all desi", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my go to place when i need something quick and very fulfilling ! the staff are very kind . the food is great ! ! my favorite things to order are sweet and sour fish and their manchurian fried rice ! ! mmmm", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to try this spot based on all the good reviews i had been hearing . i had never tried hakka style cuisine and was very curious about it . first and foremost this place is very busy . i could n't believe how many people were coming in and out at 9pm . we ordered chilli chicken dry which i found to be very overpowered with ginger , the dish that disappointed me the most . the hakka chow mein was really really good ! we also ordered the chilli calamari which was good as well . the shrimp fried rice was meh.. the tastiest dish was the sweet n sour chicken . in my opinion it tasted more sweet then sour but overall it was tasty . they serve white rice as a complimentary dish . they say steamed but seems more like rice that 's so stuck together that you have to literally separate it with a fork . service was okay nothing to rave about . clearly people like this place as they had many customers . i did n't think the food was anything special and i wo n't be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have been here three times now , mostly because it is close and the service is fast and very friendly . in terms of hakka food we found it to be just alright . we found the crispy beef and chilli paneer to be the best things on the menu . the fried rice is just ok and i do n't know why everyone raves about the chilli beef . we have tried it both dry and with gravy and both times we found nothing to rave about . i do n't know what it is about eating here but we both always end up with headaches later that night . too much salt or msg ? why have we gone here three times again ? oh yeah it 's down the street . for better hakka food drive to malton .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to this place 3 times and every time the experience has been the same . we have never waited for a table since most people i see just come in for pick up orders . the service is so great here , always attentive and any time you want to take left overs home ( which is always due to the large portions ) , they even pack it for you . prices are reasonable and taste is great , not overly oily like some hakka places . highly recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good hakka food with many options . the location is n't the best - it 's a small place witt limited seating inside a strip mall . has the chili chicken and gobi manchurian . this 30 min detour was well worth the drive . they only accept cash or canadian debit cards .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have no words to describe how much i love their dry chili chicken . i have dreams about it . i 've never had anything more tasty . also love their green bean stalks . if this was healthy food , i 'd eat it every day . my favorite restaurant in the world . not pretentious , good prices and quick service . ca n't beat it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best indian chinese places in town ! the crispy eggplant , lemon chicken and noodles are awesome ! : - ) it has become our go-to place for inexpensive yummy indian chinese in mississauga .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best hakka food i 've tried . highlights for me were the crispy beef , chilli chicken and chilli shrimp .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always so kind and friendly and the chili chicken is impeccable ! love the hot and sour soup . you cant get better value and quality than this !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good food . definitely try the gobi manchurian - it 's battered & fried cauliflower - super flavourful , just the right level of crispy . the chilli chicken and crispy beef were also good . i was afraid that all the food would be too spicy , since i have a pretty low spice tolerance , but everything was an enjoyable level !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "today was my third time at this place . first time , i tried the pakora chicken . it has a unique taste , but over rated and over priced ; it was $ 14 with tax . second time , i ate something i can not even remember other than the fact that i did not like it . i gave it a third shot today , as i really wanted to like this place - this place is obviously popular by the rating it gets . i asked the waitress for the most popular dish . she told me to order the chilli chicken , wet style - with gravy . it tasted like bad cheap chinese food at a cheap neighborhood . i just do n't get it . i do n't get why this place is popular and can get away with charging plenty of $ $ $ . this was my last and final time i visit this establishment . only thing it has going for is the fact that food at this place has plenty of spices , sauces , and almost everything on the menu is fried food . bb", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i visited chilli chicken house this weekend after reading rave reviews and was disappointed . we tried chilli fish , egg fried rice and gobi manchurian . did n't really like any of those . probably wo n't be returning . one extra star for the owner for he was kind .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been looking for a new hakka restaurant ever since i had to change jobs . boy did i find a great place . the chilli chicken house cooks some great hakka . i started with my favourites , manchurian beef and pakora . they definitely lived up to expectations . the beef was cooked well and the sauce was fantastic . to be truthful it 's not exactly the same as my previous hakka joint but it 's so close i 'm really nit picking here . the pakoras were moist and flavourful and huge . these were exactly the same as my old hakka joint . all in all it 's a great place . a nice atmosphere , cozy seating . my only recommendation would be that if you are going to get take out call a head to order if only so that you do n't take up space in their dinning room . i look froward to trying other items on their menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for hakka cuisine though can sometimes be hit and miss . the chicken , soups , and noodle rice dishes usually do not disappoint especially manchurian chicken and the shrimp noodles . however , the beef gravy we bought last time was on the smellier side and almost inedible . the only beef dish i like here is crispy beef but stay away from the other ones . servers are nice and always come to refill your glass of water before its empty . the restaurant itself is tiny . they have a larger room in the back for big get togethers and we 've never had a problem booking the tables for our large family . overall , a wonderful place to go every once in a while with the family when the mood for hakka strikes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good hakka food in mississauga , perhaps the best . unfortunately seating is very limited so you may need to do take out . if you do want to get seating , either call ahead or arrive near closing time . you must try the chilli chicken beef fish ( all dry ) , fried calamari , and szechwan rice , all really good with generous servings . if you love spicy food , this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best chili chicken for the money ! ! i try coming in at least once a week but been slacking due to the holidays going to try there tom yum fyi it 's not like thai express you do n't get any noodles", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was great . dinner combination portions were huge . definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for good and cheap hakka cuisine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this haka restaurant is amazing . but i would n't recommend going there on a weekend . it 's pretty packed and the seating is limited . but overall , the service and food is excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not very fancy restaurant but totally loved the food and definitely going back again we tried the famous chicken chilli and manchurian beef also the fried rice all yammuy and the portion is quite good and you can always get the rest as takeaway finally the fortune cookies at the end were very sweet treats for my family", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally tried this place tonight . food was good and reviews helped guide our order . shrimp pakoras - awesome ! best i 've had in gta . yep , loaded with shrimp pieces , thus my 4 stars ! chilli chicken dry - yum , spicy , savoury crispy beef - tastey , spicy , slightly sweet crispy eggplant - never had it like this , great , savoury good size portions . price is average . spicy level may be more than expected . food is quite salty and amount of msg added may be on the higher end ( allergy alert ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were in mississauga and really craving hakka food , similar to lin garden and spicy dragon out in scarborough . we ordered the manchurian noodles with chicken and shrimp and it was out of this world delicious ! the crispy beef was cooked to perfection with just the right amount of spice . the chili calamari tasted either burnt or maybe re-fried or just a strange mix of spices ; however , i 'll try it again as i suspect it may have been a one-off . we were , however , disapointed with the chili chicken . we asked for white meat , which they kindly obliged , but the chicken was n't seasoned or battered - just small strips that they might use for noodle or rice dishes and the sauce was extremely watery - no substance - we had to throw it away . for that , i 'd give it about 3.5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "spicy food ? check . excellent taste ? check . great service ? check . affordable ? check . that 's the gist of it . i strongly suggest getting the dry versions of the food even if it is off-menu . those taste better . the owner is warm and welcoming , and greets his regulars in person all the time . standard wise , this is the best hakka restaurant in mississauga , and i have tried the others . note that it is debit and cash only .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rarely do i ever give 5 stars and that too only after more than one visit . this place is the real deal . fresh , hot , tasty food , friendly and fast service and clean place . good job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had to have been one of their first customers when they first opened . i remember the days when this place just opened up and was dead . now when i pass by it 's filled and there is new staff . before it was just i believe the nephew and uncle ? they are nice guys . anyways the pakoras here are to die for . but i recently ordered food this past week and it just does n't taste the same anymore . it is still a good hakka place but the quality has fallen from it 's early days . the chilli chicken and manchurian chicken are good bets . my favourite here is the chicken corn soup - add some of the hot sauce in it and you 're golden .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did take out once to try their dry chilli chicken . the chicken was spicy and pretty average like most chilli chicken ... not bad by any means . being hakka , it is pricier than most chinese places . the meal came with a bowl of rice , i ca n't really say i enjoyed it all that much . the rice was very dry to the point of cumbling and made everything so much more dry . i would 've been happier with just the chicken . the service was quite fast so it 'll be a nice easy quick meal , great option for take out night . for regular , run of the mill , chinese dishes i 'd go down the plaza for other cheaper and better alternatives .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food ! fast , easy to take out and great vegetarian options . my family and i frequently take out from here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is usually very fast and food is consistently good the few times i 've been ! very nice owner as well", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall , a good & satisfying meal . but i was a bit disappointed , as i 've had waaaayyy better hakka in the toronto mississauga area and the reviews on here were stellar . i found the food to be overly salty and just not hakka style - it just felt like chinese food . it was definitely good , just did n't live up to the hype created on yelp . we did take out and our hosts had ordered several different dishes . however , i would have loved to try some of their other items on the menu", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you in the mood of spicy food , they can make that happen . food is yummy , service is good . price is ok .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great chili chicken had the dry with noodles as suggested by a fellow yelper and was very enjoyable , would return weekly if the drive was a little more forgiving time wise , will try to call ahead so food is ready when i get there next time and maybe i can make it a weekly staple while i am in the area on a regular basis for the time being", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , and good service . we ordered the hakka chowmein , chili chicken gravy , chili pepper fish and schezuan rice . all were fantastic . would definitely recommend", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had pretty high expectations for this place after reading all of the yelp reviews but i was so disappointed . we were a group of 8 that decided to order from the menu and share our meals family style . we had a really hard time finding something on the menu that was n't deep fried then covered in sauce or a vegetable of some sort or not a carb . all of the dishes are reasonably priced but every single dish we ordered was deep fried then covered in sauce ! i wo n't be going back ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a small family run restaurant that has friendly service and amazingly delicious food that is more than reasonably priced . i 've been a loyal customer for over a year . it always seems to be busy , especially on the weekends -- expect a line up for both take out and dine in ! order food at least 30-45 mins ahead of time and if you are dining in , make sure you 've had a snack . i 'm a huge fan of shrimp pakoras , manchurian chicken , and crispy beef . request your entrees to be done `` dry '' ( no gravy ) , as the dishes are already very flavorful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small cozy casual place to eat hakka food . great food , great friendly service . i recommend the crispy beef . so good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ask anyone i know , i am a huge hakka fan . but for some reason i 've never been here ! we finally came here a few days ago for dinner after swimming . it was decently packed , even though it was an hour to closing on a sunday . the waiter was very sweet and efficient . we got the manchurian chow mein and manchurian vegetable pakoras , both of which were absolutely delicious . my boyfriend is basically in love because he 's been back there 3 times since we went last . i have n't had a chance to go back yet but i definitely will the next time we crave hakka !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! 2 families 8 people.. had 6 dishes of various spice levels . we notified one of the servers one of our dishes did n't come . they apologized and served up the dish in 5 minutes and on the house ! had : manturian fish , shrimp pakora , chilly chicken ( dry ) , crispy beef , beef chow mein , butter chicken . all of them were very different than the indian counterparts but were excellent hakka take of them . my personal favorite was the manturian fish , but all 6 dishes were someone 's favorite at the table . 5 5 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got takeout today , after a long time and was shocked by how busy it was ( 1hr wait ; although i do n't think it is this bad on most days ) ordered vegetable chow mein , hot garlic chicken and veg . machurian . all the food was in very good quantity ( expensive but worth it ) everything was amazingly tasty . i have been to this place over half a dozen times in the last two years and this place always impresses .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this place a few days back with my family ... i liked the food and quantity was also good", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the butter chicken and the sweet and spicy crispy chicken and they were both awesome . i will definitely return to try out the other items on the menu . i 'm really surprised that this place is n't well known.. if you 're on the west end ( mississauga ) , definitely drop by for a bite !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and the owner is great very friendly and accommodating , great to see attentive business owners it 's rare these days . the place is small book ahead for big groups !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually do n't like hakka at all and was dragged to go with my cousin . i had to say this probably was one of the best hakka places i 've ever had . trust me i usually do n't like hakka at all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crispy beef and chilli chicken were both delicious ! portions are fair and it comes with free steamed rice . fast , friendly service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow . must get the dry style chilli fish . veg pakora manchurian was excellent as well . huge portions and very reasonable prices . must go here for hakka chinese .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "happened to be in the area and saw the decent reviews so i had high expectations . i live in markham which is close to scarborough and as such , i 've had some of the best hakka in canada . hands down . this place is nicely renovated with adequate seating . the staff was quite tight lipped and slow , but i was hoping that the food would make up for it . unfortunately , it did n't come through . i ordered fish with steamed rice . the food was exceptionally salty - like unnecessarily so . there was also too much sauce . i 'm not a big fan of this place . i was trying to be healthy and maybe ordered the wrong plate . but i figure that if you 're at a good restaurant , all dishes should be amazing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty good but watch the spice level if you 're like me and are a baby about spiciest !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is great but costumer service lacks a bit especially on the phone . it can be extremely difficult to reach them on the phone when they 're short staffed but their famous chilli chicken with gravy on steamed rice makes up for it . its so spicy that i cry while eating but that 's how i like it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place doesnt look fancy and takes debit only . the food is very good , servers are friendly and the price is very very reasonable for the quantity of food they serve for an order . i consider myself a big eater , so trust me the quantity in an order is more than sufficient . the wonton soup is as good as some of the finest chinese restaurants in india . a good place for dine-in or take out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love this place ! we go there every couple of weeks and the quality is always consistent . you should definitely try the `` pepper wings '' they are amazing ! the staff is always friendly and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the house special soup is amazing . fried rice and chilli chicken was ok . chilli calamari was good too", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food and great service from owners . i 've eaten at the restaurant and got take out often and the people that work there are soo nice . the food is also amazing- chilli chicken ( dry ) , butter chicken , pakoras , manchurian fish , crispy chicken and hakka noodles are very delicious . portions and price is also very fair . cash will also give you 10 % off - highly recommended ! ! ! ! food : 5 5 ( best hakka food i 've had in the gta - great flavour , portions and presentation ) service : 4 5 ( the owners are very nice , always smiling and when you eat there , they definitely give you attention to make sure you have everything - i wish they would take credit cards though ) ambience : 3.5 5 ( nothing special but small and homey ) price : 3.5 5 ( not too expensive or cheap - similar to other asian joins in the area )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is excellent . easily one of the best hakka cuisine restaurants in town ! they need to work on the restaurant ambience and service , however . this is a place i prefer for takeout .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried this place as the yelp reviews were good . service is attentive . food is good . hakka noodle dish was a generous mound of tasty noodles . crispy beef was good as was the veggie pakoras . will definitely come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their hakka style cuisine is a good change from the regular chinese japanese places . they have a wide variety of dishes to choose from and have really good prices too . taste : i would give their food a 3 5 as it 's usually well done and has just the right amount of spice and flavour to it . quantities are generous too . ambience : i would give it a 3 5 as the place is a bit run down and is n't quite the restaurant for a nice family dinner . take-out is recommended ! they have well-priced lunch specials for only $ 7 and that includes a meat veggie dish with rice and a spring roll . overall , a nice place to pick up hakka cuisine from , especially if you 've been craving it for a while !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing food amazing portions we love going there again n again ... ... try the gobi manchurian and american veg chopsuey it 's just amazing ... .best chinese restaurant for both veg n non veg food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food and great service . i ordered the chili chicken and fish pakora , sooo good ! ! my mouth is watering thinking about it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "presentation of the food was surprisingly good ! we ordered tom yum soup , crispy beef , sweet and spicy chicken and chili calamari . the three dishes were around 10 $ and comes with rice ( each dish ) . the soup was very good , spicy enough not super sour . the crispy beef was more on a sweet side and was good . the chicken i find was average slightly dry . the calamari was good but not was crispy as i expected . overall the dishes we tried were slightly above average , would def go back and try other things on their menu !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was here recently it was a mixed bag . it was a holiday - family day and they were busy with so few places open on a holiday . still ... . almost 1 hour get to the food ? after the 45 minutes ... they finally at least bought the soup . the dry chilli chicken was was luke warm . i know they usually do a better job . maybe i 'm still a `` fredrick 's '' guy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not get takeout from here . it 's one thing you eat in and they give you enough food . but when you order the same dish to take home , the portion is cut in half . i do n't get why they do that . it 's disappointing . and we go here almost every month . but every single takeout the portion that should 've been enough to feed 4 in the restaurant becomes just enough for 2 ... not coming here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "part of me does n't want to write this review because then even more people will start going here ... but the not selfish part of me wants you all to know how great it is ! the owner is really personable and makes an effort to get to know the clients , always stops by to say hello . we were there during ramadan last year and anytime a table came in and said they were fasting waiting for sunset etc he offered them a fresh fruit plate which i thought was really nice . we always get the chicken chow mein but their fish pakoras , general tao chicken , chicken pakoras , schezuan beef are also really good . never disappointed . we go at least once every three weeks - cash or debit only !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not impressed with the food at all . very greasy and lacking the authenticity , the food gave me stomach churn . not going back again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "feeling lazy and you do n't wan na cook . you are on a budget , you wan na squeeze lunch and dinner in one order , but you don ; t want to trade your taste buds . go to chilli chicken house . i have ordered take out consistently for the last 4 weeks and they are yet to fail on me . first off the quantity , you can feed your self and your two kids and may have some leftovers . second the food is absolute stunner . they are the perfect fusion of chinese and indian cuisine . love their take on butter chicken and the star chilli chicken is delicious . above all the dishes are made to order and when they come out of the kitchen they are piping hot . last but not least , the price is right on the point .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to always come to this plaza to go to bubble republic , or pheonix restaurants and i never noticed this place . i normally do n't eat hakka food that often , so i never thought to try this place , until a friend suggested it . their dry chili chicken is probably one of the best i 've had . it was just the right spicy ( on the spicy side ) , and it was n't soggy at all , which i hate when i am eating chili chicken . i definitely have to have a big glass of water with me when i 'm eating this . i also tried this other chicken dish , which was a fried chicken that was a bit sweet and was a deep red in colour . it was amazing ! i ca n't recall the name of it right now .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here . food was very food . a lot of food for the money . was full just from eating the shrimp pakora which is an appetizer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was so busy on the friday night . i 've never been here before but it has to be good judging by how packed the place was and also by the lineup for takeout . if i had known that it was that busy , we would have called in to order first and then pick up the food when it was ready . we ordered the chilli chicken with gravy , hakka chow mein and the szchauan eggplant . the chilli chicken was on point and was delicious . next time i would order it without the gravy . they hakka chow mein was not oily and tasted great . i found the eggplant a little too saucy though . the taste was fine but just too much sauce . i 'm going to try the gobi next time . overall the food was great . the restaurant is small so do n't expect a seat if you go late . i would just get takeout .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "true indo-chinese food . really big portions and yummy spicy food . try the chilli chicken . great for take out", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was n't sure there was any room for us to eat because it was so busy . but it had quick service and turnover and we got a seat fairly quickly . the food was delicious ! ! ! i would definitely go again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "close to home , great food , great flavour , great prices . friday nights never tasted so good : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best indian chinese restaurant in gta loved the bombay chicken , chilli fish gravy and the schzewan fried rice", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food excellent service yet very simple i love these joints try the pad thai chicken pakora and crispy beef although their hakka food is better than their indian food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looked better then it tasted . i would go back if invited by a friend but there 's more better options out there", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food ! ! the house special soup is definitely worth a try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is good , especially the chicken pakoras and the crispy beef . i 've been here a few times and the restaurant always seems to be pretty crowded , but that may be because the place is not that big .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my second time here and i have to say it 's one the best hakka places i 've been to in a long time . their chicken pakoras are really good ! my favourite dish is their chili beef chicken both with sauce and dry ! their chowmein noodles are really good as well . the staff is friendly and both times that i have been here it has been quite busy . you may have to wait a few minutes longer then you 'd like for your food but it 's totally worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time today for lunch with a friend . delicious crispy beef and pad thai ! we will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible chicken quality . had the sweet and spicy chicken , chili chicken , cantonese style noodles with chicken , and manchurian chicken . all had the same issue . it was so gross that we left hungry .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "soooo good ! ! have been going here for over a year now after my last hakka chinese restaurant went downhill . the food is always consistent and delicious . my faves are the hakka chow mein , the chicken pakoras , and the crispy beef ( to die for ) , i 've also had the wonton soup , manchurian chicken , general tao ( with broccoli in it , kinda odd ) and manchurian noodles ( my least favorite ) . it is a small restaurant that fills up fast so i tend to do take out during their rush hours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3.5 stars . food is good . it hits the spot , but i would n't say it 's the best i ever had . the food is n't consistent.. the chili chicken has too much of a strong ginger taste , i love ginger but it over powers the whole dish in my opinion.. the veggie hakka noodles are smokey , but slightly bland in general this place is ok when you want to satisfy a craving , but it 's not the best . it 's also expensive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is okay but i find all of their dishes pretty salty . prices are relatively high , although the portion is good . i have only dined in there once so i ca n't really rate their services . however , i have ordered take out a couple of times and i have noticed that their rice is n't that good . the rice is always very mushy so i have to toss it and make new rice . two dishes i order often are shrimp pakoras and chillie chicken ( dry ) . i order from there whenever i ca n't think of a place to get takeout from .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome indo-chinese flavour . great portions ! loved all veggies - veg chowmein , manchurian pakora as well as cheese chilly ! definitely , this is going to be on my list for sometime ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i heard about this place from my colleagues at work who go here frequently . they highly recommended it so i took my family on the weekend . very glad i did . we tried the spring rolls and tom yum soup , crispy beef and chilly chicken . this place is small but it 's definitely one of my top picks for hakka in mississauga ( the food quality here is on par with eddie 's wok & roll ) good job guys ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy yum yum ! this place has some of the best hakka food in the city hands down . my husband and i ordered a feast since it is so raved about on yelp , and boy they are right ! we ordered beef fried rice , sesame chicken , chilly calamari , and butter chicken . they were absolutely delicious and our waitress was very sweet on recommending some of their popular dishes . ultimately there were two downsides to our trip here . first is the fact that every time somebody would come in through the door the ridiculous draft makes you keep your jacket on the whole time ( yes it was the dead of winter ) , and the sesame chicken was extremely sweet ( but if you love honey glazed things then its a whole different story ) . i ca n't wait to come back again and try some of their other dishes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was amazing ; the service was ok. house special soup and the crispy beef were really good . singapore rice noodle was good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent food ! ! ! great chilli chicken , manchurian chicken & hakka noodles ! ! highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since my last review i have been back here many times and my love for their food still remains . this is as authentic as it gets ... ..i was told the owners were really chinese immigrants who were settled in calcutta ( where hakka cuisine originated ) , and now are serving these plates of explosive flavour in a hidden away plaza off burnhamthorpe and creditview . i love this place as it never dissapoints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried it for the first time and the food was amazing . i ordered the dry chilli chicken and the dry okra . i will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing better to pig out on some hakka chinese after long hard week of work . haha . and this is the best hakka place i 've been to in the gta ... and i 've been quite a few . everything tastes so good ! portions are big as well ... i do n't think i could ever finish all the food . ( the staff always packs them up for me lol ) . my favorite dishes have to be : ginger fish , chili calamari and the hakka chowmein .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best hakka in mississauga . great value , taste , and overall experience . crispy ginger beef is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "authentic hakka indian food ! ordered takeout . service was good and prompt . give it a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent hakka spot ! lunch special 's are well priced and portions are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yes , loved it . i honestly ca n't remember what we ordered , but we usually do a paneer dish , a noodle dish and a rice dish , and something is usually manchurian flavoured . all delicious , friendly service , and comfortable restaurant . we got really lucky because we arrived early and got a table no problem . within 15 minutes , there was a line up at the door . another time we tried to order take-out , but there was an hour long wait , so we went with a different restaurant . i got ta go back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the chilli chicken based on reviews on yelp . it was the best chilli chicken i have ever had . the chicken tasted great , the portion was huge ! service was also good and food prepare in a timely manner . i would recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! my whole family loves it . all age groups , spice levels and vegetarians included . the food is always hot and fresh and generously portioned . well priced and nice and local . service is quick and polite . the dinner special for under $ 8 keeps me coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for hakka . i love the lunch specials . great portion for a very good price . i 've had the chilli chicken with fried rice and it tasted great . would definitely come back again when i 'm near utm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is mad busy and so i give them 4 stars . the food here is fantastic . the servers , inc the owner are friendly and add to the whole experience . given their success , they really need to move to a larger space . we got the staple hakka diet dishes , chilli chicken , house fried rice and american chop suey . i 'm not ordering american chop suey again ... to sweet for my taste buds . i would go back when the crowd is less . i would pay close attention to seating order since they do n't have a proper waiting system in action . another table got seated before us and that was not cool because we had a very hungry 7 month old at hand . hopefully , that 's changed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ate chicken chili with gravy crispy beef szechwan chow mien came with steamed rice i can not even choose what is better out of the main dishes . all so good . we ate more than we should have since it was so good . i really enjoyed the flavor and spices ! service was amazing . we had help with choosing what we ordered . he asked our preferences and accommodated us with his recommendations . the waiter was very helpful and polite . checked on us periodically . brought water without us asking : - ) . i 'm very impressed and happy . both of us are . now for the fortune cookie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks to fellow yelpers i found and tried this place out . its very small , so i can understand it gets crowded during busy times . but the customer service we received for take-out was fantastic ! very friendly , they kept giving us updates on our order . it was a good experience , especially for first impression . as for the food , this go around was simple and basic - chilli chicken and veg noodles . i have to say it was good . the flavour was great ( maybe a bit salty overall , but not overpowering ) . the chicken was very tender.. most of these places do n't have that , so its a huge plus . plus their prices are very reasonable . i hate overprice , and undertaste . that wo n't happen here . still not sure if its better than ming room , but i guess it does n't matter since they 're gone . i think this will be my new hakka place , and i 'm looking forward to trying out some other dishes ! : p", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food , friendly staff , and affordable . i would eat here everyday if i could !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite hakka chinese joint , great food , good portion very accommodating staff . i make sure i take all my guest there . there will be shortage of seating during rush hours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lunch special is good , price is reasonable as well . right next to bubble republic too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered the chili chicken combo ( with gravy and steamed rice ) for one . it tasted amazing . the service was great too . waited the typical 10 mins for it to be ready . the ratio of rice compared to the chicken was too much . they could afford reducing the amount of rice and maybe even the price slightly lower with a smaller container .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's actually the best chinese food i 've had in to gta . super service , delicious hakka food , and exceptionally clean . clean ! everything is spotless . they 're always keeping busy washing utensils if there 's a spare moment . get that manchurian gobi . basically a whole cauliflower ! this dish will change how you look at cauliflowers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "people here are super friendly and very efficient too ! their food is very tasty and their lunch specials are great ! the range of their lunch menu is around $ 8 . i do find that most of their food is breaded and i mostly ask for it not to be as that is also an option . their butter chicken is breaded and i 'm used to non-breaded butter chicken , however it is quite tasty . i would rate it a 4 in terms of tastiness . the curry is not the yellow kind though . it 's more of the orangey type but still quite tasty . you can also ask for extra spicy if you like . it is not a big restaurant and does get quite busy as it is a very popular hakka indian go to place in that area . lots of parking , so no worries about that . we do keep coming back here . they are able to accommodate quick meal service if you are in a rush . definitely recommend a try here for their tasty hakka food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a goto place for good hakka food and reasonable price . the manchurian chicken in gravy sauce is the favorite .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "reasonable and flavorful . a restaurant we frequent often , and always enjoy . our favorite spring chicken ; and hakka noodles . the service is friendly and courteous .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "visited because of the reviews . all i can say is the owner must be paying for reviews because the quality of the food in no way warrants anything more than a 2 . the portions are large , the food is - words fail me- nasty . loads of free rice , - chilli chicken - disappointing in the extreme , crispy beef ? so crispy you ca n't even get your teeth into it . miserable tiny little pieces of hard overcooked beef . getting stung like this makes me question yelp and trust reviews less ! this guy even has a notice on his front door about his yelp reviews . do n't believe all the good reviews here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'll keep this short . checked this place out for the first time this evening and was thoroughly impressed . extremely delicious dishes , each laced with a distinct blend of flavours . will definitely be stopping here more often in the near future . the owners servers are also really friendly and down to earth people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sorry guys ... i went here because of yelp reviews but was quite disappointed . the food was edible but the service was poor . overall i would n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food , bad service ! this place looks inconspicuous from the outside , inside they are doing some pretty good things with a chinese indian flair . service is bad . which downgrades this rating , but i am a spice counaseur an i think i have met my match . i ordered the traditional chili chicken an got it level 5 . it was wonderfully flavored , followed by a deathly heat . i would recommend taking out from this restaurant nt to avoid service ! certainly would n't hesitate to recommend !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is awesome , they serve hakka chinese food . food is great , they make their own noodles , menu is huge but we have found our favourites . staff is courteous and friendly , owner frequently comes to your table to fill water and ask about food . their crispy beef , red noodles and american chopsuey is my favourite . four people can dine under $ 60", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is soo damn amazing . it has the hakka food in town ! their chicken manchurian is one the best dishes . great service and once again excellent food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid food . fast service . casual decor . good prices . the pepper fish was delicious . the manchurian chow mien was disappointing . would i come here again for hakka food ? yes ! would i recommend to a friend ? probably", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the sweet and sour chicken with plain rice today . it was so good . no complaints at all and the service was really good at the counter . very friendly people . i had ordered it for take out and i was n't disappointed at all . i will def come back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chilli chicken house is my go to takeout place whenever i feel like a break . my kids ' favourite dish is the hot and sour soup and chilli shrimp . we have never been disappointed with any dish . friendly staff and very reasonably priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to this place last saturday , there was a line-up and we had to wait about 10 minutes before we got our table . i had been to this place before , but did not eat their as it was packed : ( however , this time me and my wife decided to wait and try their food . this place mentions their food to be `` indian hakka '' , and they did not disappoint . i ordered - chicken pakora - bombay fish - hakka noodles ( without shrimp ) - chilli chicken . we also got complementary steamed rice . food was amazing , both of us couldnt finish everything as the food quantity per plate was decent for 2 . loved the noodles and chicken pakora . fish tasted fresh and very soft : ) would like to recommend this place as a `` definitive to-try once '' . best of luck to the restaurant staff ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the manchurian noodles are amazing ! definitely a must if you 've never tried this place before . reasonably priced , huge portions . i was planning on saving leftovers for the next day but ended up eating all of it because it was so good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for sometime i was contemplating to go here . got some mixed reviews but wanted to check . went for the lunch specials . honestly i would rather give 2.5 . but since i had to choose from 3 or 2 it is more tilted towards a 3 . the shop is small no frill . staff is friendly . the food seriously couldhave been much much better . we orfered chilli chicken gravy , manchurian chicken and scezuqn fish . the chicken dishes were identical with the gravy lackin taste to say the least . fish was basa , atadbit better than the chicken . the chicken also tasted little under cooked . the spring rolls were very greasy . overall the quality was not great at all . i am not coming back here for sure .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped by this place while running an errand . food was decent - if you are hungry and looking for a hakka chinese fix - this place is great . small space for seating though , service was fine , should have given a water jug for the table instead of coming by the table so much for filling the glass . at times , we needed water and glasses were empty so we had to call the servers to fill the glass . ordered the chicken pakora , hot and sour soup , chili chicken and special fried rice . pakoras were huge and delicious ! i recommend the chili chicken dish as well . the soup needs work - it was quite bland - we had to put the extra sauces in to make it more `` hot & sour '' . i may visit again only if i am in the area and looking for hakka . i wouldnt go out of my way..would rather visit other hakka joints with more space and less feel of a quick fix .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i tried this restraunt for the first time on someone 's recommendation and i must say that this is the best place for hakka chinese food . once you try it you will be addicted for sure . the staff is very friendly and polite ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it . huge servings and friendly service . it 's in a strip mall which makes it seem like a typical suburban food-house but it was actually great . there were some kids jumping around on the benches next to us which was a bit distracting but that party left soon after we sat down . since it 's a suburban restaurant in a residential neighborhood it was n't surprising . servings were huge , lots of meat and plenty of starch to balance . definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time trying the food . always worry about trying a new place but the reviews were all good so i did . place is very clean and the food looked great while picking up my order . have to say i will be back . everything was great . delicious food . huge portions i will be back for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are a regular diners at this place , and have found it to be one of the most consistent places to have hakka chinese . i have stopped going to the biggies of mississauga ever since . their hot n sour soup , dry beef , chilli chicken , chop suey ( request spicy ) , and at times have requested variations in their existing items . i must say that their chef knows his cooking , and honors request without a flaw . i 'd easily give them a 5 star if they could expand the seating capacity .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "uhh , the sauce they have taste exactly like a chinese brand instant noodle packet : `` \u5eb7\u5e08\u5085 \u7ea2\u70e7\u725b\u8089\u9762 `` , it was so salty and horrid that we could finish one dish and left .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the hukka style chowmain , chili chicken gravy and the tomyum soup are my favourite dishes . sometimes the dishes vary in taste , depending on who is cooking . however , the consistency is pretty good . if you like hukka style food , you will love this place . they only take cash or debit . you get 10 % off orders over $ 25.00 , paid by cash .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place is small and cozy . i love the vegetable munchurian here . it 's awesome . they have lunch and dinner menu for really low price with great options . i 've tried different types of noodles but nothing exceptional .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was okay . nothing spectacular . the server was just lost . he took or order for something they no longer had . only to have us waiting for something that was never being made lol would never go back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing food , lots of rice , sauce , excellent taste - wow the best one ! fast service as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good place to dine-in and takeout . we went there and ordered for take out several times . foods are delicious . service is also good . i personally love their house special soup . never been disappointed ! friendly and fast service always . one of the best place in mississauga !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i thought this place was average . i was told that food here was really good and people raved about the chicken dishes here so i thought to give this a try . staff were warm and welcoming but we felt rushed because waitress kept asking if we were ready to order - when we just sat down a minute ago . they were very prompt with filling your cup with water ( you 'll get really thirsty from eating all the meats ) . we came at 8pm on a weekday and it was n't too busy . this restaurant accepts cash and debit only and 10 % off for cash pick up . i would come back to try other chicken flavours ! i would recommend to get the crispy beef . also , i believe you get a bowl of plain white rice if you order a meat dish .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been hearing the buzz about this place for years so finally took the plunge and went there . super busy but staff was attentive and nice . got take out . all veggie options , and they did a great job . everything was tasty and good portions . i can see why this is always talked about as one of the better hakka places in sauga !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "too much quantity , felt like garbage after cause i was super full , the things seemed unhealthy , the beef quality was not good compared to golden palace in saudi arabia", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best chilli chicken with gravy ever ! ! ! you get what you pay for . huge portion and super spicy . i love this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the crispy beef so much that i hardly try anything else . other reviewers have mentioned receiving dried out steamed rice and , yes , i 've had that happen to me once too . the general tao chicken is good , the sauce is quite thick and coloured red . a friend had the butter chicken , i was n't a fan of it but to each their own .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome hakka food , great lunch specials . not heavy breaded , lots of meat and very flavourful . staff is mostly friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in the neighborhood and thought what the heck . give this place another chance . boy was i impressed . chili chicken is always packed and there is always ppl waiting to be seated . they take cash or debit . they offer a 10 % discount on pick up orders . we got few dishes . but we were extremely impressed with the chili paneer and chinese chopuey ( shrimp only ) . must try ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is amazing . i have tired like 10 different dishes and all of them are good . not much more to say then the value at this place is fantastic . chili chicken is amazing here . the 10 % discount for take is great too . the prices are very reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is something about places that are quick to serve . chilli chicken house is my go to when i want to have hakka chinese and when i want it fast . never been disappointed with the service . love the beef dishes here . chilli beef , beef in black bean sauce , broccoli beef . the chicken dishes are good too . i really love their lunch and dinner specials . you can order an item off the specials menu with a side of rice and its just the right serving size and price for one person .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely loved the place . the price was so affordable and the portions were huge ! the chilli beef and hakka noodles were definitely my favorite . the beef was extremely tender and well seasoned . i 'm really glad we stumbled upon this place ! we also ordered a hot garlic chicken and the flavor was really unique- sort of tangy with a hint of spice . tip : definitely get the chili beef dry , so good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and reasonably priced . it 's always packed but i wo n't go there if it 's cold because you need to keep your coat on .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best restaurant in mississauga . we love the sweet & spicy crispy chicken and green beans . the owner is a very quiet , kind man and he is always always there . the servers are attentive and friendly . be prepared to wait longer for takeout food on friday and saturday , as they have become very popular over the last few years . otherwise , takeout usually only takes 20-25 minutes . it 's the best ! you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was looking forward to this place given the high star rating in mississauga , was quite disappointed . overall , great and attentive service , price is very affordable , but food is not very authentic in my opinion . the chicken was juicy , rice was fine , spring roll was crunchy and light , everything was in line . but harsh to say , this place reminded me of a westernized asian location . similar to man chu wok or panda express , or something of the like where there was a lot of sweet and sour or overdressed and marinated dishes . tasty and flavorful , but not delicate . large portions for those looking for a filling plate and comes with your choice of a drink or spring roll during lunch specials . service was quick , reliable , and very friendly . unfortunately not somewhere i would return for the food , but if you 're looking for a quick and filling lunch to do the job , this could be your gig .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been to most hakka spots in scarborough . this place has gtas best chili chicken ! hands down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have some good options , but nothing out of the ordinary . i like the chilli chicken and the manchurian fried rice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ... that 's all i got to say . this place has great service and great food to match . i brought my family here , and i honestly do not regret it . true hakka food , portions are really big , and the price is relatively cheap . favorite dish was sweet and spicy chicken ... on point . service was the best part to be honest . the restaurant was full , but they still kept coming back if we needed water or anyhting else and were really polite . the only thing that i would improve was the ambience really . there was a lot of flies near the back ( near the cash register , kitchen area ) and i got a little spooked , but no big deal aha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to be honest it was my first visit to restaurant and i really love it i love the food i love the serving of girl with small height and dark makeup she was really gd at her work and dedicated ... .just love it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was craving hakka and this was the closest place that had a great rating , so we decided to check it out . amazing service ! they said it would be a 15 minute wait before we got seated , but the waiter saw how hungry we were by the look on our faces and seated us within minutes since there was just two of us . the food came in quick and the waitresses would always take our finished plates off right away to make more room . good chilli chicken ( had to try this cause of the restaurant 's name ) and great rice and pakoras too ! would definitely come back here if i was in the area again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i must have amnesia because i could have sworn i already reviewed this place but i guess i have n't ... . anyways , i really enjoy hakka food mainly cause its fun to say and its different . i would recommend the crispy eggplant ( dry ) , it will change the way you think about eggplants . it 's the way that it 's cooked and seasoned that make it so awesome . it 's also a generous amount so you can share with other peeps . i have also tried the manchurian paneer , which was quite tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the idea of the place is odd , but i find it surprising hakka is a thing around here . i tried their sesame chicken and their shrimp and veggies . the crispiness on the sesame chicken makes me want to get more of them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crispy beef , chilly chicken , dry manchurian chicken are winners ! ! the place is always busy - no matter day or time ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best hakka in mississauga hands down . good cusyomer service and food never disappoints . highly recommend this hidden gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried their food first time on my friends recommendation and i really got disappointed . the taste of their food is not too impressive . their food is full of sodium and colour . the taste of their food is garbage compare to other good hakka restaurants . i have been to better hakka chinese places like wok n roll on erin mills and millcreek . and their price is same as any other place . i would never go back there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "chili chicken house is the perfect place for people looking to experience hakka cuisine for the first time . service was excellent even on peak hours . food was really good compared to other hakka places . you can never go wrong with their chili chicken ( dry or gravied ) . another surprisingly good dish is their chili fish . only negative is that the place is really small .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very very friendly service . i get takeout regularly and it is always made fresh and on time never a wait . their lunch special is great value , and the absolute best hakka food i 've ever had . great stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what more can you say then what has already been said everything is decent , cooked fresh and always hot and spicy . a go to for a quick cheap lunch or take out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very crowded ; recommend reservation on the weekend . food is very delicious . free green tea . halal as well , though i did not see the certificate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every time i come here i know i will be satisfied . the food here is delicious and generous amount for the dollar . recommend trying if you are in sauga .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "average . a couple dollars more per dish than other hakka places . a mix of thai , indian and hakka dishes . some of the staff at the back were assholes though . one of the male workers told me the chef yelled and swore at a waitress when we kept sending her back to clarify menu items due to allergies , and the male staff kept justifying the chefs behavior when i said she was doing what i asked her to do . i probably wont return because of the unprofessional chef . free green tea . debit and cash only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just came across this place as i was craving for a hakka chinese food . however this was the worst experience i ever had and probably the very last time i would ever visit . qualify of food was terrible and service was extremely bad . i had to wait with a small toddler was almost an 45 mins to be served with food . would not recommend this place to anyone", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my go to hakka restaurant when i 'm looking for something spicy . usually order the same things ... chilli chicken with gravy , crispy beef , shrimp pakora and a noodle dish ( we switch it up depending on the preference for that time ) . my only negative comment about the food is that shrimp pakora should be made smaller ... or cooked longer . the inside of the pakoras are not cooked in the middle and we often are around them since we had take out and could n't ask them to refry them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first hakka cuisine experience . i tried the szechuan fish , which was a bit spicy with a slight sweetness . it was an ok dish . i was glad that i had the option to choose a smaller portion rather than their larger portion for dinner . the service is impeccable . they were always around to fill your cup with water and our orders came quickly , for a group of 12 people , that 's amazing . i really wanted to like this restaurant , as my friends rave about it often . so i 'll give it another shot , as they have so many options to choose from the menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service is fast . this place is always busy , no matter when you go . it is a typical tasty , spicy hakka place . i enjoy their chilli chicken a lot . almost everything they serve on their menu is tasty and good comfort food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice variety of food . we tried fried rice , vegetarian and if course chicken menu items . the sesame chicken and pakoras were favourites , but generally everything was good . we did take out for eight people . the food was ready fast and hot . they provided a box to keep it organized . cash only option helps keep the price reasonable . they were able to make it without msg , but could not complete our request to make one stir fry without any sauces ( gluten free ) . we thought that was strange .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried the chili chicken dry , butter chicken and the sweet and sour chicken today , was quite disappointed since none of them impressed me . the chili chicken was too salty and not spicy at all . the sweet and sour chicken was just so so . maybe i should try the crispy beef next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the best hakka restaurant i have even been in gta . i was craving for hakka chow mien and found this based on good review on yelp . and i was not disappointed : ) all of the chicken dishes were deep friend first then put in different sauces . for their signature chilli chicken dish , you can also choose the spicy level from mild , medium and spicy . as other reviews mentioned , the chilli chicken was okay , even the meat was tender but it was more on the average side . the hakka chow mien was yummy ! ! it is something you must order if you go there . the noodles texture were different compare to the chinese ( cantonese ) chow mien . i also saw another table ordered the thin rice noodle dishes which i want to try next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best hakka chinese in mississauga . after eating here i realised how bad the otherwise top chinese 'jasmine ' is !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chili chicken , paneer chili and veg manchurian are all exceptional . best indian chinese outside of india .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my go-to places . the portion sizes are great . i usually get the crispy beef , butter chicken and hot and sour soup , which all comes with rice . the flavour is always on point here . definitely recommend", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place around the corner from me . they offer an array of hakka foods with all different levels of spice . love the chicken pakoras here-big and meaty , more like an entree than an appetizer . also love their butter chicken , its different-not spicy and savoury with a sweet aroma great on steamed rice . chili chicken dry wet both the best in town . fung mei mein , szechuan noodles , and manchurian fried rice are my go to carbs . honestly anything you get here will not disappoint , so long as you can handle heat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered takeout at a friday night . when we went there , we found that people waiting outside of the door , so we were kind of thankful for ordering through phone . interior looked cozy and the small place was packed . my review is based on the taste of food only . we ordered hakka noodles , egg fried rice , manchurian chicken , and manchurian cauliflowers . the rice and noodles items were ok . the portion size of the chicken and vegetable dishes were smaller than those from average hakka restaurants and the taste was not very remarkable . i loved the chili paste that they provided with the order though . among these 4 items we ordered , the noodles was the best . i might have to try out this place once more and dine in there for a better valuation .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "american chopsey spicy garlic fish chilli beef are my favorites", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time trying chinese indian hakka foodhouse . i had the szechuan beef and bitter chicken . both items came with steam white rice . the beef dish was wonderful . the flavouring was just right for me . not too salty with just the right amount of sauce . the butter chicken was okay . it had a little curry taste to it , with a more creamy sauce and a bit salty . the chicken is fried with a lot of sauce being poured on top . none of the items were spicy but they had chili sauce and pickled peppers on the side you can add in . they offer water and tea ( tea bag ) along with food . seating area is comfy if you sit on the side with the bench . music was what 's playing on radio and was quietly playing . the restaurant had ac on so was nice and cool while you eat . the service was pretty friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here is tasty ... my favorite is the crispy beef very yummy . the staff has been consistently polite and well serving and the food is constantly good , no surprises ... yet ; ) the prices are average but they do offer special combos , it is very popular . but i always manage to get a seat", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my go-to place in mississauga ! the food is always so fresh , delicious , and flavourful . there is n't a whole lot of seating , so it 's best to come before or after busy times as the restaurant is quite popular . the service is always prompt , and you get so much food for what you pay for . i always have leftovers , and having it the next day only makes me crave for it even more ! my favourite dishes are : chili chicken ( with gravy ) , chili garlic shrimp , and green beans . the sauce on the 2 meat dishes goes great with the complimentary rice . the green beans are always a staple veggie dish as i could never possibly make it with that much skill . cant wait to be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely garlicky .. i cant believe it has so many good reviews have you people never been to any other hakka restaurant", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my favorite chinese food place in mississauga ! the manchurian chicken is delicious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time here and the food was quite good . between me and my friends , we ordered the butter chicken , the crispy beef , and the lemon chicken . the butter chicken was my favourite dish - it was really creamy , which i thoroughly enjoyed . the crispy beef was delicious and had a hint of spiciness , but there was a pretty strong ginger taste , so it 's not for everyone . the lemon chicken was flavourful , but nothing spectacular . the price is reasonable for their portion sizes , which are huge . we ordered three extra bowls of rice , which was a mistake because they pack these big bowls full . overall , a delightfully surprising find that i would definitely recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so finally i got to visit this place . unfortunately i was expecting a lot from this place because of what i had read . we started with the chilli chicken dry since that was the most popular dish there . in my opinion it was n't that bad , pretty decent with flavour in it . next up was chicken pakora , which was not good at all the only reason would be the taste , i could n't figure out the spices . main dish we had kung pao chicken , szechwan chicken gravy , chicken chowmein noodles and manchurian fried rice . i would n't recommend to order kung pao chicken because it was too sweet and bland . i loved the combination of manchurian fried rice with the szechwan gravy on top . lastly , to end this the servers were friendly . even though the food did n't impress me , the servers made sure i enjoyed the atmosphere . quality : 2.5 service : 4.5 food : 3.0", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good butter chicken . most dishes seem to be very good . great friendly service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes ! ! ! ! food is really good , love the chili chicken ! ! ! a must try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "busy ... but food was full of'food color ' .prices was like other places . people were keep comming.n service was slow n unorganised.cant go back because usage of food colors .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place ! the customer service is always friendly and i never have to wait for seating and service is quick . the food is good , though they tend to over do it with the sauces . most of the time my takeout sweet and sour dishes are overflowing by the time i get home . that 's my only vice with the place though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "halal great place for hakka food . i even got catering for 175 people from this place and everyone loved it . the food here is great . service is good . the only thing about this place is that it does not take credit . even if you do catering , no credit accepted ... only cash or debit . plus , if you do catering , note that they will not give you large catering trays . they gave us all the food in the regular containers that were quite small and very difficult to transport . it 's a very busy place on the weekends . which goes to show that the food is delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a cool or trendy place , but a great place for foodies . chili chicken was really good , and the shrimp pakoras were excellent . if i 'm going hakka , then i 'm going here ( note : that 's no knock to eddie 's wok n roll which also has solid hakka , but is a bit pricier and a bit farther away ) . a decent place where you can grab a bunch of takeout , and munch away for a couple days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had take-out from here a few times , and always been very satisfied with the food quality and serving sizes . as there are some members of my family that do n't eat much spice , it is very important to clearly specify how hot that you would like each dish - to properly balance taste and flavor . i have only eaten at the restaurant once , and was very happy with the quick service and light ambience . great for conversations with delicious food . the restaurant does get crowded over peak times , so you have to be lucky enough to get a table right away . that 's why i prefer their take-out option . they give you sticky white rice if you order either a certain amount or certain dishes , and their appetizers and entrees are delicious . great indian style hakka chinese food , usually end up picking up from there once or twice a month now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food ! ! ! crispy beef is out of this world . tender jerky style beef with sweet spicy sauce . must try ! ! ! staff is really friendly and fast.. best halal chinese spot in gta .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my usual spots for hakka where ming room , eddies and asian wok and roll . my cousin and i decided to try chilli chicken house on advice from another cousin of ours . we were skeptical at first . we ordered chilli chicken ( of course ) , shrimp pakora , szechuan beef and hot and sour soup . end to end the meal was deeeelish ! ! the portions big and were shareable , the food was served hot . most of all the food was tasty . i 'm taking my wife there tonight for a date . i almost do n't want to write this review because i do n't want this gem of a spot to get too well known . ah well ... my opinion ... you want hakka you got ta go here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tasty food.not expensive.quality food for good price.lot of options on menu especially lunch options are cheap and good portions.manchurian chicken , bombay chicken , sweet and sour crispy chicken , manchurian hakka noodles are good.fyinthey take only cash and debit cards only.will recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great little hakka restaurant in the heart of mississauga . we always order the chilli chicken with the chicken fried rice . we get the order saucy . the food is consistently good with a touch of spice . my husband is indian and he goes through withdrawal symptoms if he has n't visited this place in a while . the orders are decently sized ( good to serve family style ) . the staff is always nice when we call in our order over the phone . and the food left overs ( if there is any ) reheat well and taste great the next day . overall a good place for hakka food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked in to a lovely energy and welcome . a mix of asian and indian done in style . employees remain a helpful and friendly throughout out stay while making sure we are satisfied with our food . i 'm very happy with the food because of the serving size , variety and love that i feel eating it . either way i like this place a lot and took the takeout for the next day too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's my second time here , they never seem to disappointment me . am very much happy with the bombay chicken ( made it more spicy ) and the famous chilli chicken too goes yumm all the time ! not to forget the schezwan chowmein..can be made more spicy , but still it was great loving it..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything i have gotten here is delicious ! i recommend the crispy beef , hakka noodles and of course chili chicken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "husband and i came here and ordered hot and sour soup , chili calamari ( chef recommended ) and crispy eggplant . the soup is average nothing special . calamari was way too salty and overdosed with msg . the eggplant was oily and had too much batter on it . i only had a few bite and could n't continue anymore . me and my husband left there feeling sick ... that 's when the msg overdose kicked in . the service was friendly and they give you a huge bowl of rice for $ 1.50 . overall , see are disappointed and not planning on returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came in on thursday . ordered manchurine gobi , chilli chicken dry . gobi is perfect this time ! we got so addicted to it ! we tried chilli chicken this time , a bit salty , otherwise good . service was great this time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best hakka place in town . their butter chicken and chilli chicken is the best ! ! their service is great and the food is always ready quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "average hakka place with similar prices to others in the area . like most other places , it 's hit or miss depending on who is working in the kitchen . their chicken pakoras are above average but not worth going out of your way for . keep your expectations low and you 'll be satisfied .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wine amplified used to be about good music and good wine ; however , now it has devolved into a venue for second rate music and tier two wine with vapid servers who could n't tell you the difference between a malbec and a merlot . where once the wine flowed freely from the bottles , now the participants must pay premium prices for a half ounce pour into plastic glasses while the servers shamelessly demand tips . it is obvious that the promoters of this event are just interested in getting every last dollar into their pockets and any concerns they ever had about wine has long since left their thoughts .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one star for the total disappointment for management of this event . i will applaud them for their entertainment however that is it ! the vendors ran out of several wines and so did the food trucks on the first night . we were excited for this event , we added $ 200 on our wristbands ( the ticket price includes nothing except the entertainment and $ 10 in festival bucks ) you have to pay for all wine tastings , really anything at the event which was very over priced they clearly advertise any unused funds will be automatically refunded after the event , since this was the case we freely added money at the event , wish we didnt ... after loading $ 200 on our bands we had a balance of $ 88 which management is refusing to refund saying it 's their bonus bucks from our tickets , the math does n't add up ... we have receipt for $ 100 for the last upload at the event which clearly the remaining balance is from that , nope no refunds do not go next year , waste of money", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to see blink 182 , better than ezra , and the pixies - killed it . the bands , weather , and big screens were awesome ! the wine event - eh . they had plenty of ok labels but , i stuck with deep eddy vodka - ruby grapefruit . so here 's the scoop - the vip tickets provided access to better restrooms and some non alcoholic drinks . other than that , viewing area was better in the general area . not really worth the extra $ $ . the main problem was the pre-charged wrist bands . you had to load them with cash for every purchase and after the event it was a big hassle to try and get our balance back . many emails and a few weeks . they did make good on it but , for anyone who was n't persistent , maybe not . nice event , would i attend again , nope .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as one of the original rock and roll fans i am sad to say wine amplified rock and roll wine has hit rock bottom . back when they started there was quality wine , small venue , quality music , quality location . today they have inflated prices , average to below average wine , music that does not match with wine crowd ( actually really bad music ) , large venues , everything costs extra , etc . it is obvious that the founders are chasing the dollar and their venture is at an end . they lost focus on the customer or should i say wine customer along time ago . we are done with this mess !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had the displeasure of paying for 2 days entrance for this event . after speaking to some people at the event i was pissed to find that alot of people managed to get free tickets whilst i paid $ 155 for 2 bands and both days . wine is just the same wine you can get at walmart for $ 10 pet bottle and not $ 6 for a small glass . servers asking for tips . first server i asked for a little extra since i has given a $ 2 tip for a $ 2 taste of wine with the response of `` hell no '' . hmm no more tips . i would n't attend again even with a free ticket . totally not worth spending any money on . food was also way overpriced . vendors would only take money from wristband which forced you to put money on the band . really disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i did get my money back via palpay like i was promised but i 'm still not happy with the way everything went down . if they get ride of the `` cashless '' system i may consider going next year .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was my first year going ! i had a great time , terrific music , great variety of food , and the wines were awesome ! i 'm definitely going back next year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this be well , organized my first concert that started on time , in 30 years of concerts . love the wrist band for payment , keeps everyone honest . my favorite part was the food truck options . i ate a lobster roll , turkey leg , hot and ribs . omg so good . i feel like it was over all one of the best food and entertainment values so far in vegas . i felt safe and secure at the event as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used to love this event . sorry never again . i paid for tickets then found out i could have had them cheaper or free . what happened to the wine ? oh wait you now overpay for it . for what i spent at this `` festival '' on teeny tiny samples of wine and over priced food - i could have gone to a good concert . at least then i would have expected the gouging i got . the party at the beach was awesome . wading in the water for the concert . good wine free food , great bands - not this overpriced asphalt jungle .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stopped in here for lunch . the food was just average and service was awful . they were very understaffed - it took about 10 minutes for the server to take my order , and then about another 40 minutes to get my food . i was in a bit of a rush , so ended up speed eating . i had a greek salad , and it was just ok . ingredients were fresh , but the chicken was pretty dry . no bueno .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "disclaimer : i 'm visiting charlotte for business from san francisco we decided to walk a couple block radius from our hotel to find dinner . the signage was appealing so we went in . good food and fairly good service . but salsa lessons started and we pretty much were bumped from our seats before completely done with dinner . not a problem really , but why let us sit there if the space is going to be needed at some point . we were n't taking that long . i 'd seek the place out again on the next trip to town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a cool place in charlotte . they have salsa dancing on thursdays that can get pretty busy . i usually come here midweek , but hear that weekends are fun too . the bald headed bartender was very friendly and knowledgable . the ipa i had was really good ( but just a tad warm ) . i am staying at the holiday inn across the street so this is a good low-key find right next to my hotel . was described as a bank of america bar and not a wachovia bar , i guess the two of them compete in this town ? ! ? ! ... ... ... kidding . have fun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cosmos is a comfortable trendy stop spot . most of the crowd is bar crew that is stopping in quickly and heading somewhere else but that if fine.. that is what this place caters to . food : crostini : 4 5 it is like a little beef bruschetta delight.. excellent choice . crab spinach dip : 4 5 delicious chunky crab dip that is delicious . drinks : chocolate raspberry truffle : 5 5 the most `` healthy '' drink on the menu . this drink is more beautiful than delicious ( if that is possible ) . dirty martini : 3 5 just like it sounds.. heavy olive juice plus olive juice . -- wed are 1 2 off all martinis and buy one get one app . atmosphere : jumpin with after work and pregame people . always a lively crowd that is fun to be with.. enjoy ! -ian m .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yeeeeaah , i know it 's , y'know , power lunch by day and disco by night , but wow was the dinner i had here underwhelming . like , boring , oily , scant salad , meh fries , expensive , bland beer selection . our waitress was gone - either invisible , dropping things loudly and whisking off like she had n't just startled the beejeezus out of us , or just that warm mix of fed up bored seriously , you want something ? kind of service that screams for a 5 % tip . somehow still managed to spend 20 bucks a head . and that 'll be the last time i visit cosmos .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been here several times . this place has it all ... apps , tapas , salad , pizza , sandwiches , sushi and dinner entrees . great for drink specials , especially martinis . had the chicken pretzel sandwich which was good . could have done without the tangy relish , but overall is was a good chicken sandwich . if you need a place for a private party , this place can host any size .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "never been here for food but i hear people rave about their lunches here and specifically the artichoke dip and chips . all my experiences have been for after work drinks or night time social settings . that being said , i like this place for a couple reasons . first , it 's never overly crowded much like you might find with some of the epicenter bars . secondly , i 've never been charged a cover to get in , again , much like the epicenter places . they have a nice bar upstairs for the times when the first floor gets to be crowded you can head up the stairs to another landing where there is a nice sized bar and plenty of room for socializing . the second floor is a great spot to reserve for a birthday party , etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a lot of people ( girls ) i know love this place , but to me it seems like much of the same in uptown charlotte : it 's crowded , loud , and a little over-the-top . again , though , as i 've always said : this is n't always a bad thing . on thursdays through sundays , this place is pretty packed with twenty-somethings and maybe braver older adults looking to booze and get after it , probably before hitting a louder dancier place nearby . there are plenty of food options ( try their mini pizzas and other appetizers ) , so you can come here and grab a snick whilst you drink or before you head out to drink more . i 've been told that their martinis ( their selection and creativity is extensive ) are awesome , so if you 're into that you may wan na try them . and they usually have some great deals on those , so be sure to check that out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "oh cosmos you were so empty on a friday night but you still managed to be a ton of fun as a first stop ! your margaritas tasted nice , your gin and tonic was very strong but not $ 8 strong . i liked the vodka martini selection , very nice though some of the flavors did n't work out that well . our bartender was super cool and nice . so are the patrons , it was pretty empty so we had a little dance party of our own . then two girls jump in and were like we saw you dancing , and a fun time was had by all as we backed that thang up ! after a bit we were ready to head on to the next destination with a nice buzz and a fun time . good job cosmos !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service & drinks both good . weeknights are like a ghost town . had a great time with a bartender in training .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have only drank here but it is a great vibe ! i love the dance lessons - heck i dont even need a few drinks to invite the opportunity to make a fool of myself . they had salsa lessons on a recent saturday night that i was there . the upstairs bartenders was fast and efficient . there are couches were you can sit and chat with your friends . love the cool staircase and whole feel of the place ! : -d", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've always loved this bar and have gone since it opened . love paul , the best bartender in the world . once he waits on you , you pretty much never have to tell him your order again . great apps ! but i must admit i have n't gone lately due to having to pay to park after 5pm . think its ridiculous . great people watching !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cosmos is a great place for cheap drinks ( $ 7-8 for a martini and $ 4 margaritas is a great deal ) and good latin music on thursdays . place gets pretty packed and the crowd is very diverse ( mid 20s-early 40s ) . i would recommend heading going to the upstairs bar for much faster service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely a fun place to go ... but dress code is way too strict during night club time . apparently you have to have a collar shirt to get it ... i 've worn regular shirts ( nice ones of course ) many times and had no problem getting in . oh well , it 's a private club so i ca n't argue it , but i 'm still only giving them 2 stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i fear cosmos cafe is in decline . apparently , others do too , because we were the first people seated in the large dining room at 6:10 pm , on an evening when uptown charlotte was bustling with activity . they were out of two items we ordered : given that we seemed to be the first dinner customers , perhaps they are giving up and not even stocking themselves to sell what is on their menu . we ordered three small plates . the falafel was bland , the spinach-artichoke dip ordinary . it was a disappointing meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we wanted to try cosmo 's because it offers so many different kinds of food . in truth , the menu is n't that diverse and the sushi bar was closed when we were there . bummer . what we did order -- hubby got a gyro and i had a chicken gyro -- was delicious . the onion rings were great so add them on if you go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i visited the city for friends birthday celebration . i 'm told cosmos is a cafe by day , club by night ! we visited at night when the establishment was in club mode . while we had a great time , i ca n't really speak to the cafe part . this is a place that i 'd visit again during normal business hours to check out the food selection . however , the night atmosphere was fun . it was a bit crowded for my taste , but the dj played really good music and the bartenders moved with haste . there was a line , but that was because entry was free . you could skip the line for a fee , but you moved up to wait in another line . get to the place before 12midnight to experience a good time in plenty of time . everything in charlotte closes at 2a.m .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "probably better known as a nightlife hot spot , cosmo 's is actually a pretty good place to go have lunch in uptown . the menu is very eclectic , ranging from sushi to italian to greek and american . the variety is good if you have lunch guests that are somewhat picky . the lunch atmosphere is business casual , and business is steady but not busy . i 've never had to wait for a table during lunch , and the service has always been good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stumbled into this place on a monday night while i was attending a conference alone . i had been wandering around looking for something with good food but not too pretentious . i scanned the menu and went into cosmos . since it was monday it was not crowded and the wait staff was very attentive . i ordered the greek salad to start and it was amazing . the tomatoes were huge and plentiful ( a requirement for me ) , the dressing was brilliant and the presentation was very nice . i know this is a pizza place but i am on a no bread diet so i ordered the chicken paillard . again , this was out of this world . the chicken was cooked perfectly , the potatoes were excellent , the sauce was mouth watering and the side of spinach was so well done . i made a point of complimenting the chef to the waitress . no dessert for me but i promised to give a great review of the place and then forgot to do it until now . i would go back if i am ever in charlotte again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "met some friends for dinner happy hour . bogo tapas before 7pm was a draw . ordered the crostini and crab con queso ... both were excellent . the burgers were great as well . this place has a cool , open atmosphere , however we were among the only ones in the restaurant at ~6pm on a tuesday . the wait staff was friendly and attentive . great place to meet up with friends ... not too loud , not to crowded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went there for my last ladies night out before i went back to work . it was an experience . we had about 6 in our party and everyone was attened to . however , it was happy hour and i felt that maybe the waitress was going a little slow to make sure we did n't get the happy hour prices . i mean people who come in before 7 are coming for the 2 for 1 apps . all the food was delicious though a little pricey for me for bar food , but comparable to other uptown areas . i would definitely go again but during happy hour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for my sister-in-law 's birthday party and had a great time . the staff was super friendly and had everything set up in fairly short order . no complaints really .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i work in itc . some great places in the area . i 'd consider cosmo 's as worth it , if you have about an hour to spare . my favorite thing on the menu- flank steak salad . imagine a plate of deliciousness that includes : lettuce , cherry tomato 's , mushrooms , onions , flank steak , and french fries ! ! ! i think i just saw jesus as i wrote that . it 's a very trendy plcae inside . they have a little sushi-bar area with a sushi-dude that works his sushi-hands a mile a minute making all your sushi-dreams come true . it 's never terribly packed inside whenever i go , but it has all the makings to becoming a food-warrior on the mean streets of queen city . if you do have time , duck in , order the flank steak salad , and holla at the hotties that they have waiting tables . what 's good ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drink prices are high but the dancing is fun !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ate at cosmos on a thursday bogo on tapas ordered chicken quesadilla n needed more sour cream n was charged 50 cent ! ridiculous i will never patronize again . also the food is just ok not the greatest they should b glad u stop in with all the other choices .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cosmos never gets too crowded for lunch , which is surprising given its location . food is typical american . overall , makes a good location to grab lunch and be able to hold a conversation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went there on saturday night for the first time . the music was fantastic for dancing merengue , bachata , salsa but he also mixed it with a bit of hip hop . we 'll definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff was very friendly . but food and drinks were disappointing . this place markets itself as `` martini specialists '' but i had to ask for my martini to be remade a second time as it came without olives . also - olives were standard jarred fair . a much better martini can be had at `` urban sip '' above the ritz - they have spanish giant olives hand-stuffed with blue cheese .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tried to eat here on 3 7 15 - no hostess , 3 4 empty at 6:00 pm , and a 92 sanitation grade should have been enough of a warning . finally a waitress came over & rudely said that they had a bunch of reservations for later & refused to seat us . went across the street to fuel pizza & have yet to see anyone else go in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "recently had lunch at cosmos cafe in uptown . i ordered the steak frites and was n't asked how i 'd like the steak cooked . it came prepared okay , but the meat was exceptionally gristly . food and service alone would be a perfectly average 3-stars . however , we were seated next to some piece of wall art at a two-top . a large flying type of bug ( flying ant , maybe ? ) made it 's way onto our table twice , from underneath the wall art . i flicked it to the floor , and about two minutes later , another one emerged from behind the art , hovering next to our table . i could imagine the first one was a wayward insect that had flown in the restaurant , but when i saw a second one i began to suspect that there might be an infestation in the restaurant . i wo n't be dining at this cosmos location again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not impressed . went for lunch with a group . no one really bragged about their meal , especially me . i told the waiter what i was debating between and he suggested the brisket saying it is good and `` very filling '' . i ordered the brisket . it came out about 5 minutes after the rest of my table was served and the piece i was served was well over half pure fat . due to the fact that half was inedible to me i was hungry again within 3 hours . if i am ever in charlotte again i will find another place to eat .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a great club to go to on friday nights because there is no cover charge , no drink specials though . they play new hip hop and r & b ! had a good time last weekend and i usually always have a good time when i go on friday nights", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , i walked in at 7:30pm and had to wonder whether they were open . no hostess ! so i walked in and stood at the bar for nearly a minute before i skated if they were open . finally some service ! ! ! let me say that the drinks are fantastic ! the food not so much . the rating is only due to the drinks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was good but not exceptional . sushi was not on the main menu but after i got my food found it was on a separate flier no one gave me . beer selection weak . might be cooler on a busier night , but i found it passable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a bar with fun latin nights.have n't had the food but if you know how to salsa , or do n't but like the vibe , cosmos is probably one of the more fun places to go dancing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no idea how this place is for food . just went here to drink and party . it 's quite a scene . various nights have different types of music . was there on a wednesday when they played 80s music ( lmao ) and then again on thursday when they had salsa . they smoke here too but it 's not as awful as some places with no air circulation . my favorite part about this place ... no cover charge . god bless the south . drinks were reasonable , and the people watching was entertaining . worth popping your head into for a minute .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ate there last night . food was pretty good except the steak came out cold . the staff was friendly but the food was sooo slow to come out and any time we asked for something they either forgot it took a long time to bring it . it was not a busy night so it was a bit disappointing . i will not go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've never been for the food but on a friday saturday night love going for a great margarita and for a good price . i 've tried margarita 's all over charlotte , not to sound like a slush , but this one is the best by far .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to cosmos ' twice in my 18 years in north carolina . i must say the first time was a better experience . i went during the ciaa the gratuity was 20 % . a grilled chicken sandwich cost me $ 11.00 ( overpriced ) , the taste was substandard and no seasoning . i guess you can say we recieved third quality food at high end prices . it was terrible . the the service was okay and i was atmosphere was not that great . i do not see myself returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have lived in charlotte almost my whole life and cosmos really did start out great . unfortunately i 've given them about 4 chances in the past year and every time i have been more disappointed than the last . the service is beyond awful there and the manager could really care less and that is something that is very apparent to any diner . we were sitting there at a table and they actually removed every single table from around us so we were the only one there ... so awkward and really just odd . they were making a dance floor for later but the entire restaurant was empty so why they chose to seat us there i do n't know . every time i 've gone i 've had to wait at least 45 min for my food and it just is n't worth it . this place may be good for drinks but definitely not for dinner .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after work hot spot ! good food , great staff . best wood fired pizza ever ! fresh mozzarella was a plus ! try the flat iron steak . cooked to perfection . will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to cosmos once for lunch , and the cajun chicken panini was n't bad . i went back again for half off appetizers , and was horribly disappointed . we got the crab dip , which has no discernible pieces of crab meat and tasted as if the whole dip ( including meat ) had been pureed . we also got the stuffed mushrooms , which arrived shriveled and left too much to be desired .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was the worst restaurant experience i 've ever had . to start off our server , erin , was extremely slow at getting us drinks . she was behind the bar chatting with the staff . the food took forever and came out burnt and hardly edible . there was even an event menu ... to top things off , no one came by to check in on us until we had to go ask for checks . at this point we had n't complained . she added 20 % gratuity , which was when we asked for a manager . the manager on duty never stopped by or said anything . the bar manager stepped up and took care of the situation . i will not be back . this kind of service is probably why your restaurant was empty on a saturday night ! also , do n't leave fast food on a table in the dining area . it 's not sanitary .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place to salsa dance on a saturday night ! ! a brief lesson is given by some great professionals-check it out ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has everything ! popped in for lunch with a friend and a drink or few . we sat at the bar in the center of the place and spoke with the very friendly bartender for suggestions . she suggested a sushi lunch plate which we ended up sharing and the drink special . since the sushi chief worked right behind where we were stationed we got to watch the whole plate get created . after a few rounds of the daily drink special we walked out tipsy and full for around $ 10 each , now that 's a great lunch date in my book !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "go sit at the bar . the drinks are great and the sushi is very good . the women in there are smokin hot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "place gone from special date-night , to just okay . staff disorganized , greek chicken was dry , pitta bread stale , steak over seasoned and undercooked . no wonder empty on friday night .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "friendly staff , and the hostess was quick seating me on a busy weekday evening . decent , not expansive , beer selection . gyro was light on meat and heavy on sauce ( with pickles ? maybe it 's a nc thing ? ) . overall the food was decent , but not outstanding . with a lot of overpriced steakhouses in the area cosmo 's is good value . friendly employees and atmosphere . if the food was a little better i 'd bump it to 4 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a superior experience at kelly 's . i brought my list from the dealership to check their prices and they beat the prices . they also saved me from paying for unnecessary items . they were great to work with and i recommend them highly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are very kind and do the best auto work you can ever imagine . i love there family business . so you should bring your car down to kelley 's automotive repair", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you kelleys ! ! ! ! never been here before . got towed here as we lost a bolt from our front brake caliper on shea blvd . darian the owner got us in right away and while we waited for our part from ford he recommended lunch at que bueno next door . when our lunch was over we walked next door and our truck was done . he replaced both bolts on our right front caliper and then checked all the bolts for a very reasonable $ 47 . when was the last time you took your vehicle in for repairs for less than 100 bucks ? how about never ! ! ! when you are in fountain hills area and you need an honest forthright auto repair the best one is kelleys ! ! ! ! thanks darian ... .great service ... .great price ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great surprise to fine an automotive repair service that is on time and fixes what needs to be done . no up-charging like so many others . both front staff and mechanics give wonderful service . a pleasure to recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kelley 's is absolutely the best garage in fountain hills , scottsdale , or anywhere . they are honest as the day is long and will tell it to you straight . i recently received a $ 2,700 repair estimate from pinnacle infiniti and took my car to kelley 's for a second opinion . they had the car all day and told me the car needed none of the repairs . my bill was $ 0 . i ca n't say enough about kelley 's . they are the best . take your vehicles to kelley 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank god i found this shop ! their customer service and professionalism is truly top of the line . i have never had a dispute or bad experience here . i highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a big fan of shawarma 's and one for lunch whenever i get a chance . and this place is up there with the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times , this was the first place that i have ever tried a falafel . i would n't recommend the falafel unless they are supposed to taste like bland balls of sand . : ) what is good ? the chicken souvlaki ! yum . nice , juicy marinated chicken and lots of veggies and rice come with the dinner combo but i only wish it was $ 1-2 cheaper ... seems a little too pricey here for me but it 's nice when i need a little souvlaki fix .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered the chicken shawerma salad . it was alright . the chicken was a little overcooked , and lacked that `` shawerma flavour and spices '' . it was basically a good tasting chicken , not so much shawerma . the salad itself was cold because the lettuce , tomatoes , etc were cold . a good salad is supposed to have all the vegetables at room temperature . the one thing that surprised me was that when i asked for tahini , they had to go inside to grab some for me . i thought tahini was the most common ingredient or topping on shawerma plates and sandwiches . the salad i had was too expensive . $ 9.50 plus tax for a salad ? in a fast food place ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ah man . here 's the other pizza that 's in my top 5 . seriously so delish and it 's not rocket science to see why they 've been in business so long . freshest ingredients and yummy sauce on a crust of perfection .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible . tried it several times . taste like frozen pizza . found a hair in it the first time so against my better judgement tried it again . i swear it was worse than my first experience . the locals that like this joint must have smoker destroyed taste buds .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in for a couple quick slices of plain red sauce . $ 1.60 each . they were really great . i loved the sauce , some of the best i have had . i sprinkled some oregano over and it was great . it was short of greatness , however , because of the amount of cheese . way too much and really hard to get down . i would definitely go back and order a pie with 1 2 the amount of cheese and some toppings . some may love the cheese but i , like darren , found it overwhelming .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "skip this ! you can not eat this pizza in the car while driving . it too greasy ! i had to use the box for a napkin . the crust is chewy . the sauce is meh . the cheese is meh . the pepperoni is small and meh . the green pepper is raw and tasteless . four slices with pepperoni an green pepper was $ 9.60 , and they only take cash . i had to pay to park to pick this up , a quarter for ( 2 ) minutes . so far campiti in dormont is the best . fiori 's is bad too . i would skip this pizza shoppe if i were you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just as good ... dare i say ... maybe better than the squirrel hill location ( gasp ) ricotta , mozzarella , and roasted red bell peppers ... that 's all you need to know", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the white pizza is delicious from here , our office always gets a white and a pepperoni pizza and they never disappoint ! however , they apparently only have a 2 mike delivery radius , so most people in dormont ca n't get delivery .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my dad raves about this place and always encourages me to stop in . i finally gave in and stopped through one day on my way home from studying at uptown . i ordered 2 slices of pepperoni to go for less than $ 5 . i was sad that they did n't have an actual pepperoni pie ; they just slapped pepperoni on the plain slices and tossed it in the over . that 's my only complaint . when i got home , i was really excited to get to chewing . the bottom crust was crunchy and good ( i could n't eat the end bits of crust because it was a little hard ) . the pepperoni was authentic , thick , and spicy . the pizza was super greasy and cheesy , but flavorful and delicious . i will be trying again when i have the cash in my pocket .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mineos is by far the best pizza in pittsburgh . 2 convenient locations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has one of the best pizzas i have ever had . it 's loaded with cheese on a thin crust and it 's cooked perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going to mineo 's for the longest time i can remember . good pizza but certainly not the best one around town ! cash only though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mineo 's has the reputation for being one of the better pizza places in pittsburgh . i 've always heard good things about their pizza , but never got around to going to mineo 's before . i decided to finally stop in and give it a try to see how good it really was . i got two slices of sicilian pizza and a small drink for lunch and the total came out to be $ 7.25 ( just remember that mineo 's is cash only . ) the pizza had a good combination of sauce , bread , and cheese . it was quite filling as well . their pizza is delicious and i was able to get in and out for a quick lunch . overall , i 'd say mineo 's is a pretty good place to grab a slice ( or a whole pie . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cash only place so make sure you hit the atm before hand . if not they have one right there . it 's good pizza but it 's not as good as fiori 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not quite as good as the squirrel hill location , but quick service . would recommend the sicilian pizza over the usual style .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "still one of the best pizzas ever eaten . it makes me miss pittsburgh , it really does .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just thought i 'd say this : this location is a super cuts now . hair masters has moved .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "suzanne ! ! best haircut i 've ever had ! ok so i had really long hair and i was trying to do something drastic . she helped me decide what to do , and was very excited with me ! after a short a-line bob cut , it was perfect ! she was very helpful and suggested ways i could do my hair now !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the security guard from april 3rd at noon is a complete jerk . the women on staff are all extremely nice and make you feel comfortable . i got my appt the next day and the wait time was n't awful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "picking up a health card . nobody was overly happy to be working there but i was in and out in 10 minutes around noon on a wednesday . you are shuffled around pretty quickly and you are n't asked to verify any of your information when they print it out . i did n't notice that my last name was misspelled until the woman was about to print out my card . when i mentioned it , she looked extremely annoyed and said that i should have verified it before coming to her . not quite sure when i was suppose to do that ! anyways , it 's done and i do n't have to return for a few years ! rude employees are very annoying ! if you do n't like you job , find something that makes you happy ! i 'm sure that there are tons of people that would gladly take your job and do it with a smile on their face , everyday ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well there is no food , beer , music , or anything else for that matter here . its the health office . this is where you come to pay $ 50 to watch an hour long movie about washing your hands where they give you a quiz , but after the movie the instructor gives you all the answers allowing any average joe to come get their health card . get here at least an hour early before the scheduled movie time . the waiting is ridiculous , but hey thats how government works . inefficient as possible .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went in with my daughter on the saturday before christmas and there were only a few people in sight . my daughter was getting a food handlers card . the staff were in great spirits and very helpful . the front are was run by a man , who appeared to be older than moses but he was able to point us in the right direction . my only complaint about this facility was the confusing signage . it was difficult to figure out where to go to do what you needed to do .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super fast , clean , and friendly ! i had to wait no more than 5 minutes to get helped and recieve my health card . people tell you to come here right when it opens to avoid long waits , but that is not the case . i came around 9am and it was pretty empty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly and fast ! ! the staff was kind , courteous and of so much help ! ! i received my typhoid , flu , twinrix hep a b accelerated vaccines for travel and got my dtap up to date . nurse vickie is a sweetheart ! she was very informative and explained all my options . nothing was pushed or pressed on me . she has a quick hand for quick painless shot . i highly recommend this place for travel vaccines . there are no consultation fees just a 20 administrative fee . typhoid vaccine was 98 . most insurances will cover your vaccines .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prix \u00e9tudiants hors de l'ordinaire , je n'ai eu qu'\u00e0 d\u00e9bourser le prix des verres anti-reflets , mais mon examen \u00e9tait couvert , la monture aussi . \u00e9tonnamment , j'ai pu obtenir un rendez-vous dans les jours suivant mon appel , et sur place , presque pas d'attente . super efficace , on aime \u00e7a ! un visagiste vous aide \u00e0 choisir la monture qui vous convient rapidement et sans soucis . je recommande !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not come here for the service - rude , rushed , cranky staff . the optometrist was great though , albeit tardy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "le service impeccable ! j'\u00e9tudis \u00e0 l'uqam et gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 mes assurances j'ai pu avoir un examen de la vue , une monture et des verres gratuitement . le remboursement se fait sur place , rapide et efficace comme on l'aime ! donc , je suis sortie de la boutique avec de toutes nouvelles lunettes , choisi avec l'opticien . je recommande fortement cet endroit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this theatre is absolutely gorgeous , stunning from the outside with decor which compliments on the inside . this was my first visit here and have to say it did n't disappoint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "morningside 's generally out of my way , so i do n't venture there often . it 's not really far , per se , it 's just it 's not on my way to anything so i generally miss out on stuff that goes on there . but i went to church hill theatre to see a friend of a friend in a production of hair . you know hair , the infamous hippie musical from the 70s . it 's hilarious and worth a watch . the production itself was really fun . but as far as the theatre goes , it stands also on its own . it 's really gorgeous on the outside , and equally gorgeous on the inside . the lighting and all was done really well , which i tend to think is creditable to the theatre itself , as well as the people who work on the lighting . the sound was good , too , so kudos to both the sound engineers and the space itself . if you ever find anything going on there , definitely go . it 'll be worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a magnificent building on the outside and enthralling plays on the inside , this is a great theatre to come to for a night out . it 's a fairly small theatre so its atmosphere is more involving and brings you closer to the heart of the play on offer . as a theatre it offers more than many of your corporate theatres including amateur theatre groups . these are my favourite of all theatre productions and what i believe real theatre is all about . it 's not quite grass roots and these productions are very good , but still raw and exciting . it is worth a visit and will offer a good night out , but also offers a variety of classes over time . finding out when these are on can be a bit of a struggle , but checking the boards outside every now and then should keep you updated with what is going on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "doug rich and team of tim and todd make pt an enjoyable experience while providing very effective therapy . doug is very talented , gentle and experienced . he earns your level of trust and clearly communicates his procedures . i have not had pain relief like this and consistently after each session . this is a practice i am very comfortable recommending to anyone needing short or longer term pt . thanks to the team for all they do to help their patients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give these people no stars i would . they are bunch of liars and con artists . do not trust these people ! ! ! i started monthly service for lawn and pool maintenance with them 2 weeks ago they and promised e they will service that thursday . i called them and asked if they did they told me yes since i live in la i sent my brother to check what they had done and they had not touched a thing ! i called them back i told them they did n't service anything and they said ohh we made a mistake we will be there wednesday and still no service again i called the they tell me they have serviced my pool and lawn but not even one leaf is touched ! ! ! then he proceeded to insult me by saying that they did service and he will cancel my service because he did n't need my `` little house '' these people are unprofessional and do n't deserve to be in business", "score": "1"}
{"review": "out of the 11 landscape companies i called , clean sweep was one out of two that actually answered the phone . and out of the 2 , they were the only company that called me back after i asked for a quote . they would have gotten 4 stars because they did really good work in a short amount of time however , it was like pulling teeth to schedule a time with them . their office seems a little disorganized as to the fact they did not follow up with me as to this each time i called . so overall good work ( see before and after pics ) but a little slow on the follow through .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service was hit or miss . both my wife and i called to complain several times which would usually result in better service for 1 visit , then back to inattentive . the last time i called i left a voicemail and nobody bothered to return my phone call to address my concerns . beware .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they deserve 0 stars . company never came out for a month then sent picture stating they were there for 45 min but when they came out today spent 12 min total in front and backyard and left leaves all over . have picture to show . when i called to speak to manager he was completely in denial . wow now they tell my property managment i yelled and threatened there techs but i have the hole they recoded on neighbors security system and just spoke to techs for maybe 5 min and said the service was terrible and showed them were the cameras were so they know they were being recorded when they only serviced for 12 minutes but told the manager it was 45 minutes . told the office they can come and see the video but they have not interest in honesty or integrity . never use this company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have used them for years they are amazing ! so creative and very professional . staff is very helpful . any time i need anything they show up when they say . highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my front and back yard beautifully landscaped by clean sweep landscape . could n't be happier with the work they did . now they are maintaining it for me so it always looks great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend ! ! i called several landscape companies and this company by far are the nicest in town . they came the same day i called , they gave me a estimate for my grass and fake grass . they started immediately . very pleased with the outcome . would n't go any other place . very friendly staff and very very helpful . highly recommend..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very impressed . i 've had this company do landscaping work on a few of my rental properties , and i 've never been disappointed . they 're prompt , professional , and i have yet to get any unexpected `` extras '' on my bills . another plus ? while they do have spanish speakers available , they speak english ! in this day in age i totally appreciate being able to actually talk to the owners of the company i 'm going to place my trust in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received wonderful service from start to finish . my yard looks amazing . i had my backyard landscaped and they do my pool and lawn service . they show up the same day and around the same time every week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad for a fox & hound . we came on new years day as we were driving through from ohio to washington dc to watch the michigan-florida game . the waitresses were very attentive to us ( though , there was really only a handful of people around ! ) good bar food at a decent price . i had the tomato soup and grilled cheese with bacon . i really liked the combination of food ( although i went into a coma induced slumber when i was supposed to be helping to watch the road . oops . ) i 've been to other fox & hounds and their food was overall very disappointing , sub par bar food . here , it was n't too bad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always a great place to come with friends for watching sports , playing pool , or even for their wednesday weekly paintnite 's . if you buy the groupon for paintnite.com , u can come to paintnite for $ 25 . drink and eat while you paint . each week there is a designated painting picked out already . go on paintnite.com to see if you like the painting for that night . the paintings seem to be seasonal . you may think the paintings are super hard but they honestly are n't too bad . there 's always a teacher that goes step by step during the whole process . if you mess up , it 's okay . it 's meant to be fun and not too serious . main part of the event is to drink and have fun . if you are ready to eat , i would definitely recommend the ranch hand burger . the onion straws really up the flavor on this one . pair it with a cold glass of blue moon and you 're set !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lopez landscaping has done a great job on our backyard . we have a 1 3 acre lot and quite a lot of yard in the back . our designer , frank , listened to our inputs and came up with a great design . we wanted to execute the design in phases as we could afford it and they have worked with us wonderfully . all of the workers have been very professional , explaining everything as we went along . their office staff ( maria and lisa ) were very good about returning emails and phone calls . the best part is that they are very affordable and back up all their work with a warranty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lopez landscaping did a lot of work for us in our backyard at our prior house almost 15 years ago . when we wanted to redo the front yard in this house we called lopez . wow , they have transformed our whole look of our home . we have had so many compliments from so many people . they did n't just redo the yard they reinvented it . with great color choices for the rock , dry riverbed and boulders along with mounds for texture and a great section of artificial turf . they are professional , prompt and cleanup like they were never there leaving only amazing results behind . that may sound silly but if you ever had a bad experience , you know how rare a great experience can be . we highly recommend lopez landscaping .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently used lopez for our landscape lighting needs . tony and his crew made the process so easy . tony came to our home promptly after we contacted his friendly office staff . he helped us design a plan and even took care of submitting the plan for review by our neighborhood association . his crew was friendly and efficient during the installation . we were thrilled with the results tony even called the next day to ensure that we were happy with the lighting and offered to come back if we needed any adjustments after seeing the lights at night . i would recommend lopez landscaping for your landscape lighting needs in the west valley . we love to support our local businesses . connie and bob tesar surprise , az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tony and his crew just finished the backyard at our new home , and we could n't be happier ! the yard design included a focal point palm with curved walkways and pathway and tree accent lighting . all the plants and citrus trees we discussed putting into the landscape were selected for sun exposure with the pool taken into consideration . everyone is very friendly and concerned about doing a good job for the homeowner . tony is very professional , worked with our budget , and obviously knows plants and design . he is very helpful with suggestions and ideas . he is also good about last minute additions like our pool equipment barrier that was not planned originally . tony and his crew are very efficient and work to get the job done ! the people in the office are very friendly too and helpful ! ! we are very pleased with the finished design . and so is our dog . he has his own patch of turf he can play on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time at this new place . i had the butter chicken pizza and found it only average , though a very generous serving ! the service was lacking . a lot of reaching over the table by the servers because of the small space and crowded areas around the table . i 'm not sure if it 's normal- but there were a lot of kids there when we went . not only being noisy , but also running around and bumping into our chairs and things . i will probably go back and give it one more shot- but it will definitely be during the day or a weekday and only if there are no kids . i love the fact that you can do your reservation online !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "april is taco month at bazaar global food bar ... . i love eating tacos ... especially here i could mix and match my $ 12 for 3 tacos..great if you want to try out different items ! korean bulgogi green chilli chicken chipotle pulled pork all decently good and well seasoned with a punch . the sticky toffee pudding with coconut ice cream ( $ 8 ) is a little disappointing though ... as the overly sweetened cake has this really heavy texture , the ice cream though is really good and tropical ! though having a kid 's menu might have bring in more families , but at least when i was there , there 's hardly any kids ... this used to be lai toh heen 's old location.. bazaar global food bar kept most of original set up but just change the decoration a little and the lighting is a lot dimmer than before too . i think i need to be back again and try other items on the menu ... but will probably skip the dessert .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have no idea why this place is getting bad reviews ! i 've been there three times and loved it every time ! the food is really good . their calamari is amazing . if you 're looking for a place to go with your kids , this is the one ! the whole upstairs area is screaming for kids to go and have a good time , all those chalk walls will keep the kids happy . even if they are not serving in upstairs area , they still let the kids go and play till the food is ready ! that 's awesome and you know it if you have kids ! ! never been there during weekends so have no idea if its busy or service is slow during weekends . for us , it works perfectly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what an utter disappointment . the food was underwhelming , fries were soggy and service was lackluster . all of this for with the additional bonus of everything being overpriced . do n't expect this place to be around for much longer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tasty mexican breakfast and pastries . love the breakfast burritos . the salsa is very good , too . staff is friendly and they do a great job of getting orders right and preparing the food very well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's not just a bakery . you can get freshly made tortillas and the best breakfast burritos in town . they 're open tues-sat early . lot 's of gilbert police officers eat here , so you know it 's good food for a good value . my favorite is the potato egg and cheese burrito . whatever group owns el zocalo in downtown chandler also , owns el sol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've never had a bad meal here . the carne asada is juicy , the pastries unique and fresh . the tortillas are always fresh and soft . if you love home made mexican food this is the place . try the chicharrones , thery 're fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great burritos . i had chorizo , potato and egg . not greasy , good stuff . homemade tortillas are so good ! homemade lemonade is also fantastic . friendly staff . why would anyone go to a chain restaurant when there 's a great local one right here ? !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love it ! everything was great and fresh ( tortillas and beans were bangin ! ) . the baked goods were amazing ( akin to some of the best bakeries in mexico with great flavors like pineapple ) . i dream of their empanadas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for being a valley native , i sure dropped the ball on finding this place . it 's been around for almost 3 decades and we just discovered it today . i have to say that they have the best tortillas i have ever had . hubby and i ordered the super bueno breakfast burrito and subbed sausage for bacon . the burrito was gooey with cheese and beans inside , but the tortilla never ripped or got soggy . they have an almost pillowy quality to them . if you eat in the restaurant , they bring you freshly fried hot chips and red salsa to eat before your meal . we ordered their fresh squeezed strawberry lemonade to share . it was bursting with fresh strawberry flavor . the man at the counter , who i am pretty sure is the owner , ramon , was very friendly and told us about the restaurant since we 'd never been before . el sol is a gem of a find . i ca n't wait to try their bean and cheese burritos , along with pretty much everything else on the menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tasty and cheap has always been my personal motto . i came upon the place by accident . i have n't lived in arizona long and had been craving pan dulce ( mexican sweet bread ) for a while . then all of a sudden i am just driving around and see the sign . i am greeted very warmly and appreciate the basic menu , and they also had a substantial supply of pan dulce . the food was very good . i had the shrimp tacos and a burrito.the burrito was n't overly huge and the tacos not greasy at all . the salsa was fantastic with just the right amount of kick . i did n't leave feeling overly stuffed and gross like i do sometimes when i have mexican food . an hour later i tried a piece of pan dulce i picked up and that was great too . i was very pleased with my under $ 10 meal and 4 pieces of pan dulce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their pastries and tortillas are absolutely amazing . the hour drive is definitely worth it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best vegetarian burrito i 've ever had ! beans are so delicious . the chips and salsa are worth the trip alone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and very impressed ! limited parking so we parked down the street in a neighborhood . when the line is out the door on a saturday morning ... that 's how you know it 's good ! quite the hidden gem just down the street from our house too ! the staff was very pleasant , everything is labeled and the menu is simple . looking forward to coming back soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down one of the best mexican restaurants around . the food was so good but better yet the employees were amazingly kind and helpful and happy ! a joyful place to eat at . it 's rare these days to eat at a place where everyone seems to enjoy their jobs ! the man taking orders was explanatory and helpful and the ladies were sweet and kind ! that was my favorite part . the food , yummy ! the homemade salsa was perfect blend of spicy and tasty . the beans were authentic and had lots of lard ! lard makes beans delicious and i do n't like when places skimp on that . mexican rice on point ! i had a carnitas burrito covered in child verde ! big , filling and delicious . i will absolutely make the trek across town to eat here again ! it is a smaller place so i can see that tables can be full and make for a wait , but get it to go ! it 's worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum ! food , atmosphere , and owners were all awesome . super fresh salsa . so glad we found this place ! update- we eat here once or twice a week now . love this place ! the cheese enchiladas ( add onion ) are so good ! breakfast burritos are great ! we do n't eat meat , but there are plenty of options for us . yum ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a small place with friendly service . they have really good , authentic tasting mexican food . had a shredded beef taco and cheese enchilada combo plate and a bean and cheese burrito . wow , they have the best tortillas around ! get there early as they close at 2:00 . the front parking lot is tiny at 8 or 10 spaces , so you may have to park on the side street .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has killer deep fried tacos . couple that with the perfect salsa , and you 've got yourself a winner . it 's a little pricey , but it 's worth it . my wife loves the pineapple empanadas from here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "el sol has amazing food . the pollo asado grilled chicken burrito is one of the highest quality burritos in town . their chorizo , potato and egg burrito is also excellent . the bakery pastries are great . they are closed mondays . if you like el zocalo in downtown chandler or mango 's in downtown mesa , this place is owned and operated by the same family . pro tip : you can get a large container of their fresh salsa at the sam 's club south of the restaurant on arizona ave and the 202 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "is it tacky to turn `` om nom nom '' into a review ? because that 's my review of el sol : om nom nom . there are lots of great comments here about their ( admittedly delicious ) breakfast burritos and other foodish mexican food , but the best part of el sol in my opinion is the part in its name : the bakery . tons of tasty baked and otherwise pastry-based goods . i would kill for their empanadas . maybe not literally . but figuratively , without a doubt . they 're always perfectly done and have a crust that 's just right . and they 're available in nearly any flavor you could want . i 'm totally jonesing for an el sol empanada now after writing this .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was ok prices were outrageous combination plates are an average 10 dollars , if you want cheese tack on more money . been there done that wo n't return ... ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good , fast , great price . not sure what else to say . i mean they are tacos and burritos i will say i didnt like the way the line wraps around inside next to the people tgat are eating . but its worth it", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just ate the most incredible breakfast burrito at elsol , i had the chorizo bacon potatoes egg and cheese . everything tasted so fresh and was a great start to a beautiful morning", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not believe i have just discovered this hidden gem after living in chandler for most of my life . my daughter and i had breakfast at el sol and took pastries home . everything was delicious especially the house made horchata , salsa , and mexican wedding cookies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "el sol bakery . is a family owen business they have the best breakfast , lunch the best baked . breads . i recommended . it to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little mexican place . everything i have gotten here has been great ! much better quality than the chain places ! my picky kid will even eat here ! love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my brother come here all the time ! the owner already knows us ! the owner has such a great presence ! my brother always gets the super bueno burrito . their homemade tortillas make the burrito ! i love their homemade salsa ! mmmm i always buy it ! and their chips too ! i wish they were open on sunday 's but it 's nice that they are n't as well so they can be with their families", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i buy homemade tortillas here because i 'm too lazy to make any and they are soooo good ! the pan dulce is ok but i like another place in phoenix for that . as far as the food goes.. i will add that later once i actually decide to eat there . if it is to my liking then i will add another star .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "these folks are open for breakfast and lunch only . the menu is modest . a few varieties of breakfast burritos , plus some `` classic '' items like tacos and burros . i 've had the chorizo breakfast burrito and the shredded beef tacos . the former was tasty , but a bit mild . chorizo should have a 'kick ' to it , but theirs does n't . perhaps it 's the other things in it that diluted it . the tacos were excellent . simple , but really good . i will likely be back , and i will try the chimi . the result of that may either raise or lower my rating . this rating really is about 3.5 stars , but yelp does n't allow that . i rounded up because ramon was very friendly and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "frankly the only place i get mexican pastries in town . i have been eating here for almost 20 years . as a matter of fact , i need to go get some soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was stellar and very friendly , had the huevos rancheros which came with a green chili sauce , done right and not too soupy . they also have turnovers on the counter , get several they are perfect with coffee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love their food . we 've been looking for a great family owned place . the owners are very kind and create an open friendly environment . i always get the chorizo , potato , a and egg burrito ! my husband tries everything and they have not let us down . # yummy # authentic # fresh", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dirty . expensive . they charge tons of fees . rude lying staff . do n't waste time or money . plus dirty rooms . dirty place in general .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this apartment complex that use to be an inn or motel still tries to run things that way and over charge working struggling families a arm and a leg to live here while the drug dealers and homeless people walk around here doing what they please breaking into someone 's apartment hanging out in the laundry mat doing drugs and destorying the washer and dryers that 's supposed to be used by the families that live here maintenance does n't fix anything the owner windy hamilton is money hungry and rude when you rent out a room there nasty when i moved in the mattress has blood stains on it found a used condom just nasty and disgusting i ca n't believe these apartments are have n't had a health inspector come out and look at them and see the uninhabitable conditions they have us in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't live there ! ! ! ! ! ! for one the place is infested with cockroaches and the management are the biggest cockroaches of all ! ! ! they are very rude very judgmental and treat people like very nasty ! they will lock you out without notice and do n't do n't care what the situation is ... . and u pay them over 800 a month ... for what ? ? ? to have your shit stolen from the laundry room ? or to have scandalous ass people take advantage of u ... . i promise you wo n't be happy", "score": "1"}
{"review": "received full deposit over a month late . cindy contrares at sunrise mgmt did a great job sorting thru a confusing mess and personally signed check to me . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow wow and wow have travelled all over the world , had this at the carefree chocolate festival and could not get enough this is the best chocolate i have ever had..kudos , more please !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the nicest nail shops i have been to in a long time , very clean and well organized . ladies are very friendly , cathy does a great job on acrylics and the owner is awesome at nail art . one of the few places i will get a pedicure because they do n't gouge out you cuticles . i will be back soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here today . kathy is a perfectionist . so am i. i love that the girls do n't care about all the frills of dressing up . very down to earth friendly people . my new home ! i went to get my nails done by kathy today . she had some sort of an emergency . i had t and she is a perfectionist . the best pedicure ever ! ! ! ! love this place ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place ever ! ! i 've been to many many nail salons and this is by far my favorite . the lady 's are soooo sweet and professional ! they all do nails the same way so you do n't need to worry about a less experienced nail tech . they have fair prices and always get me right in . every time i go my nails look great ! they last such a long time too without breaking ! which is rare ! i ca n't say enough good things about this place ! i drive across town because it 's worth it . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are really nice and do a great job , place is never too busy and prices are fair the only down is that every time i give my debit card they ask for cash ! ! ! ! that is rude , i have to call state board maybe they are trying to void taxes , that is not right .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was a walk in for a pedi and eyebrow wax on a saturday afternoon . everyone was nice and they saw me fast . my toes look great . lots of colors to pick from too . i will go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never been to a nail salon where they are so detailed oriented . they did an amazing job on my acrylic nails i asked for a difficult type of nail being an ombre color and they did an amazing job ! she did such an amazing job sometimes i forget i have acrylic nails on . i love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "now ... ..this is a nail salon -- - clean , comfortable , & very inviting . the staff is always friendly & courteous . best mani pedi in town", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little hidden gem . very basic salon . very friendly staff . great service . prices are in line with most salons .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "now doing chrome nails just in time for the holidays ! ! perfect for evening out ! great job unique designs . just ask", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off ... i 'm a guy ! no , not the manscapping kind of guy . i have been going here for about 2 years also . it is a perfect combination of great stylist with a little edge and professional polish . it is not the glam and bling fashion show set up of so many salons . not pretentious ... but they could be . they are that good . shoot me a message if your going so i can refer you and get the kick back ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to jen and the request of my mother who has very short cropped hair . i was hesitant because i had below-the-shoulder hair . however , i went to jen and told her i was considering shortening it but had n't worn it short since 7th grade and obviously was kind of freaked out by the idea . jen convinced me that with my bone structure , it would look fabulous . and it did ! i 'm never going back to long hair and though i now live in dc , i 'm not trusting anyone else to cut it . it 's worth the flight home just to see jen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love fuze . it 's smallish and i never feel rushed through like some other pricy salons in town . the waiting area is comfy , they have free wifi , tea , coffee and water . there 's a cute outside garden area if you prefer waiting al fresco . the salon floor is nicely laid out with plenty of room between stations so you do n't feel crowded and your stylist is n't bumping into their neighbor . the receptionist is one of the best i 've seen in a service business ; she 's friendly , makes you feel welcome and does her job well . i see ginni and she 's great - personable and professional . she 's efficient while doing a great job . i generally end up wishing i had longer to talk to her ! they carry a full line of products and while suggestions are made it 's not a huge sales push to have you buy them . all in all a lovely salon i think you should check out soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to fuze for about 4 years now . my stylist is ember and she has never disappointed me . i always have the perfect haircut and highlights when i leave the salon . i see rosie , the esthetician , for waxing and facials . rosie is the best waxer i 've ever been to see . i absolutely love fuze salon . the entire staff is friendly and helpful . the salon is relaxing and comfortable . i would recommend this salon to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to fuze for almost two years now , and i really like it . the location is an old elizabeth house converted into a hip salon . you 'll find plenty of women dishing to their stylists there and the place is always busy . i get haircuts from susan and i 'm always pleased with the results . haircuts start at $ 30 and go up to $ 90 depending on the stylist . when you make an appointment , find out the cost . in addition to cut and color , they do skin care and waxing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "whenever i meet someone who loves vinyl ( especially the classics ) i ask them if they 've been to this little gem . so this place might not be heated , or carpeted or very clean but if you love the thrill of the vinyl hunt and can forgo the usual comforts for just under an hour it 's so worth it ! they do not carry vinyl new releases-you will likely not find anything post 1990 's this place reminds me of my favorite philly record store basement where you can find 1950 's country,1980 's new wave and 1970 's pop , lots of great jazz and other unique tastes . this place is not for snobs , so if you 'd rather stay home pay 3x-4x the price and order on ebay or amazon do that . for me i like digging and getting a little dirty to find pure vinyl gold .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't overlook this nasty old quonset hut for your vinyl needs . i found two german disco records that i wanted , and one of the proprietors gave me a can of schlitz . thanks , and i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'll agree with other reviewers that the atmosphere of this store may be pretty off-putting . it 's basically just a dimly-lit rundown shack . a few years ago i vowed never to return due to an overwhelming bad odor inside . but i recently tried it one more time and had a better experience . despite the atmosphere , there are some very interesting records to be found in the collection ! very reasonable prices , and many albums are in very good to great ( even excellent ) condition . the owner can be quirky , but seems generally friendly and helpful . if you 're esp . into older jazz or the `` male & female vocal '' genre , i think you 'll find the selection quite interesting . not too bad for rock and blues either , though that selection seemed a bit more common . worth the trip for the more adventurous vinyl hunter .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "damn fine ! i was cold as hail in this place , and my fingers got nice and grubby , and the guy working was hella helpful , nice , and knowledgeable . cheap records ! hipsters stay away ! see you next year resale ! hope you 're still there ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a dank little place ! and i do n't mean that in stoner-speak . it is literally a dank , dank , little place . granted , i 'm from californy and i 'm not used to the drippy august humidity that was in effect when i visited , but wowzers was it steamy and dank in there . there was an impressive assortment of vinyl for sale ! i found quite a few little gems . if you 've got itchy , black tips , then definitely stroll through there . it is an interesting digging experience ! if you 're sensitive to inhaling mildew and perhaps exotic molds , then i 'd bring some air filtration apparatus along with you . and the record sleeves on the damper side of the shop had water damage . beware ! but check it out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a great place to dig , and the owner knows the condition of every record before you even touch it . it 's dirty , dimly lit , and small , but almost every record i left with was completely playable . just have 2 that need a washing . went in with no expectations , left with a stack of records , and only parted with 15 dollars . going here will become a regular thing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good service i 've been a member of the credit union for nearly a year now . i so far , it 's been going very well . i have a checking , savings , and ira account so i go to the credit union fairly often . the staff are always helpful and friendly . it took a short time to set up my account . the facilities are quite nice . overall , i would recommend this credit union , over big banks . i feel like the people here really have my best interest in mind . i 've never had any problems .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am not sure how we can get erica a raise , but this young lady is truly an angel in disguise . erica has provided me with information that has definitely been of help to me and my family . she also went out of her way to make sure that we have been satisfied with our service and shared other services that we may be interested in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slow customer service eveytime i come here and come through drive through it seriously takes so long for someone to approach the window and it 's as if they need more training not attentive at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "left my old bank to join this credit union and ive had such an amazing experience re-fi'ing my car and consolidating my debt ! thank you canyon state !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "long wait , only a few people working at a time , disorganized , not customer friendly at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "every time we go through the drive through they ask us to drive back a couple feet so we ca n't see the window until they have our order ready . that 's insanely sketchy to me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give fewer than one star , i would ! consistently rude service , a shake machine that 's always `` out of order , '' and seemingly unable to deliver any of the items on their menu such as munchies meals or simple sides . spare yourself the time & energy and go to whataburger down the road !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "usually have no problem with this location but when they messed up my order and i came back to get it corrected they forgot my missing sandwich again and had to come back a third time and the staff was very rude to me . i just wanted what i ordered and paid for and they were very reluctant to give it to me . not cool .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went for a simple order , yet the cashier still screwed it up . then , the burger i ordered was nasty tasting . took two bites of it , and threw the rest to some stray cats . even they did n't eat the damn thing . they ran from it . then topping it all off , despite taking only a few bites of the burger , i have been sick since so it 's likely that it was badly undercooked . there 's few adventures in life i want to experience more than once , food poisoning is n't one . i know you 're a fast food joint and my expectations are n't high , but at least have the food be edible and cooked completely .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love cook out ! ! ! great bbq , great burgers and great shakes . the food is top quality and cheap ! this location even has a dining room - unheard of ! my family of 4 ate full meals for less than 20 bucks . you can even split the chicken finger plate between two people . the bbq plate - $ 3.99 - that 's right ! and it is awesome ! this is not a fancy place , but a great fast food joint . check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every time i have been to this store they have gotten my order wrong ! ! ! ! customer service sucks ! ! ! walked back in to get order fixes & the workers just stared at me like i had ten heads ! ! ! ! ! no one knows what the heck they are doing ! ! ! ! get it together cook out ! ! ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the bbq sandwiches here are pure heaven . pulled pork with coleslaw and topped with texas pete ... yum , yum ! very friendly atmosphere . i try to go at least twice a month . it 's my go to spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the workers need to be a little bit more friendly , food was good but when we ordered through the drive thru we repeated many times that we need lots of ketchup , we got not one ketchup . that was pretty aggravating cause i can eat my fries without ketchup my friends . love the banana milkshake though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the best road trip stops ever ! great food for an excellent price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food for takeout burgers , they are sometimes on the salty side but i would take these over any other fast food burger in the city . everything is fresh , cooked to order and never had a mistake . the shakes are pretty good too . this cookout is newer than some others and is probably the best one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this cookout is horrible . cashier was rude . he gave me 2 packs of ketchup . i asked for 2 more and he refused . my fries were cold ! this was my first and last visit !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you are n't going to get a fancy kobe beef hamburger on a brioche bun here . that 's fine . what you are going to get is a burger that tastes like what you usually get when you are grilling at a friend 's . brilliant . glad we stopped here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the nicest cook outs i 've been to , this one in matthews off 74 has a place to eat inside . one very important note : they have quesadillas . that might sound silly , but if you 've grown to love them at cook out , some do n't carry it ( cough huntersville cough ) . the place was clean , and as always they provided great cookout food , fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great quick service on the drive-through and good value . however , both of our hamburgers tasted like they were cooked extra well done . they were dry and shriveled up like jerky . on the other hand , the corn dog was pretty good . i 'm guessing because it was the late night shift ( we came at 1am ) someone was learning , at our expense . if the burgers are cooked right , however , this place is cheaper and much better than your mc donalds and burger king , etc .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "when new , this was the go to spot for burgers in indian trail . now ? burgers taste like they have been doused in lighter fluid . maybe it was just the last two or three times we went . maybe i should give them another go . still one of the best milkshake collections around .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they need to do something about the kids with the big trucks that likes to drive 100 miles in their parking lot . i dont know if i need to order a milk shake or run for my life ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hoooooly cow ! i always see a line wrapped around the building in the drive-thru and decided to stop in . the food is way cheaper than mcdonald 's and taste waaaay better ! i got a double cheeseburger , large fry , and drink for just $ 4.69 ! authentic cookout flavor ! this place is now my fast food stop . so long ronald mcdonald !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great menu . the food was cooked to order . very unique choices for sides that come with your sandwich . corn dogs , onion rings , 2 types of fries and other choices . i am told the bbq here is good too but went for a burger . the portions are small but with the sides they give you a bunch of food for the price . i will be going back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome , cheap , clean place to eat ! ! food comes in little containers like an actual cookout ! ! i 've liked everything i 've had so far ! ! i 'm dying to come back for the cheerwine float ! ! ! i highly recommend this location ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can say is that `` you have to go '' ! this food is amazing , cheap , and good . i wish they had one in seattle . ugh !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love cook out ! i wish there were more of them ! i like the regular done cheddar style and of course you have to get the cajun seasoning on the fires ! that is a must ! this one is a bit different then the one in columbia . it is a lot bigger and only one drive thru lane but that ok. so now every time i have to go the 40 minutes to mattews to the doctor i will be hitting tis place on my way home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best fast food joint ! quick and friendly seervice . i come here at least once a month and order drive through . soany choices but i always get the same tray . the chicken quesadillas are so much better than the place across the street ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been twice hoping the service would be better , no such luck . had to wait then ask the waitress for drinks . food quality is like most other pubs , processed food in a bag that gets nuked . small patio overlooking the wal mart parking lot . not much of a crowd and not worth any more visits .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we gave gone here numerous times . the staff has always been friendly and helpful . the pint and a pound are a great value . the prices are reasonable and portions more than adequate . the beer is cold . they have a jam session on wed nights with numerous entertainers playing guitars and singing . the evening is a lot of fun . highly recommend this restaurant as it is a sleeper . jim d", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been driving by this place for years as it is right next to the walmart in aurora . i will admit right away , that upon walking in , this place looks like nothing special . but after having been numerous times , there is always an assortment of different kinds of folks inside . i personally found the waitresses to be nice and friendly and the beer is cold . after having sampled a couple menu items , the food is not bad at all . their burgers are particularly good , and when asked , i was told that they are never frozen and the patties are made by hand . i 've witnessed numerous patrons coming in for the wings , that actually look massive . and guess what.. this bar serves breakfast ! ai n't nothing wrong with breakfast and beer . oh.. and there are poker tournaments held here.. free to enter . some serious poker players here . i will be honest.. it wo n't blow your socks off , but wo n't disappoint either . good location if you are coming off the 404 . i 'll be heading back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was introduced to gordy zorn through a first-time homebuyer client and was very impressed with his thorough description to her of each of the items on his inspection report . he took as much time as she needed and explained each item in complete detail , with no rushing . gordy 's thermal imaging camera has uncovered some scary moisture items that were not discernable with the naked eye in another client 's home . there is a good deal of liability for inspectors , buyer 's agents and brokers in this business and gordy 's systems and care greatly reduce the risk involved in purchasing a home . i will definitely use advanced home inspections again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recommend advance home inspection . i am a single mother and not only did gordy walk me through the process , he also taught me how to upkeep everything . he was very knowledgable and personable . i 'm very pleased with this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after researching online for home inspectors , i chose gordy . we spoke at length several times on the phone before the inspection appointment . i could tell that gordy was a knowledgeable and caring man who is genuinely concerned for his clients and their protection of any home issue that might come up . day of inspection gordy arrived promptly and with a friendly greeting . he left no stone unturned while inspecting a 2300 sq ft house in about 2 hours ; he was patient in answering all my questions . after the process , gordy welcomed any follow up calls i had with any issue of them home . i really appreciate that in a business . kudos to gordy zorn . i am now a happy home owner and glad that i put my trust in gordy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gordy was excellent . he was very professional , informative , friendly and he was very thorough . what i appreciated is when he walked around with us after the inspection , let us know the few things that needed to be taken care of , and he also told us little things like which rooms were on which circuit breaker and the main water lever and sprinkler system lever were in the garage in case of a leak or water issue . his inspection was easy to read , and he took a ton of pictures . he told us to call him at any time because he saves the pictures , and if we think something is going wrong or if something does go wrong , he has pictures of it all for future reference for up to 3 years . i am thankful we did the inspection with him , and i feel confident purchasing our home now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you gordy for your personal approach in our first home purchase . we are very pleased and thankfull to you with all your advices and explanations . absolutelt recommend to everyone ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being a first time homeowner is a little like being a first time parent ... you worry over every single little thing ! this march i had the good luck to be referred to gordy for my home inspection . to say this man is a wealth of knowledge is the tip of the iceberg , he 's also understanding of all the stress of a prospective homeowner and is very , very patient in his explanations . fast forward ... we buy the house and move in . several months later , i noticed some cracks on the wall , and googled it ... i just knew my beautiful new home had foundation damage . i called gordy the next day and two days later he was there to re-inspect the home , free of charge . he patiently explained that the cracks i saw were normal and let me know what was common and what was out of the ordinary . he has my family 's business for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gordy is always the go to guy , being a home inspector myself it is great to know stand up guys like gordy . when ever i need a radon inspection he is the first i call . very thorough and knowledgeable person . extremely profesional and courteous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rude people , terrible return policy , and very stuck up . not my kind of place to shop , especially when there are so many gift shops in the area !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stopped in here because i was walking around the entire plaza so i figured i 'd stop in . it 's your typical boutique style store that sells things that are way overpriced . they sell scarves , jewelry , shoes etc . the first thing i noticed is that they were very over staffed : they had about 6 employees for such a small store . most of them were pretentious older women who were high strung and stuck up ( now you see where the other bad reviews from other people came from ) . there 's nothing captivating or unique about this store . i struck up conversation with an employee there and i swear i could feel the owners eyes staring right at me . it 's an awkward shopping experience and i probably wo n't be back . it has the potential to be a good store , but not with that awkward staff and older ladies gazing at you . i bought a scarf that was $ 6 on clearance . nothing special .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a charming gift shop in afton village in concord . i have purchased various items for myself ( a beautiful , ornate business card holder ; a cute pink and green vera wang bag , etc ) and gifts for others ( bracelets , cards , etc. ) . i even received a house warming gift from here . it 's located in a nice neighborhood , surrounded by other shops , restaurants and a bakery .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have you 're seeing movies from the 1970s or early 80s were you see how those laundromats are . that 's exactly how this one works . dirty machines and broken floor tiles to go along with it . to be fair , a load of laundry $ .75 . so it 's not really overly bad . that 's why two stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's not the best but.. price is good and i 've seen the owner a few times clean up the place ... lol it 's all about coming in washing , drying and leaving..no vending machines.. no arcade games.. no t.v ... . but they do have a coin machine and never really experienced any breakdowns been coming here for a few months and it gets the job done lol ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "laundry ... one of the curses of the existence of renters ... do i take care of laundry at the apartment complex , with washers and dryers with higher prices , or do i carry the laundry to a washomat ? as wash 'n clean world advertises a 50 cent wash , it inspires thinking twice . the 50 cent wash is available between 1 and 5 am . because my current work schedule allows me to take advantage of the 50 cent wash , i tried . the wash is good as long as the washers are not over-filled . fill 'em to the top of the holes in the wash container . if you fill 'em beyond that , the agitation will not move sufficiently . once the wash is done , the dryers are great . jeans and towels only take 2 quarters ( 15 minutes per ) to dry the loads . adjust permanant press on the power indicator and you will get acceptable results for shirts , etc . a decent laundry option for a good price ... it 's all about the timing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as you can see from the previous posts , the quality of the food is great , very well presented and high quality . the service is wonderful and the restaurant is small but really nice . good wine list too . my biggest complaint is the size of the portions . i understand that some restaurants serve small portions , but this was a little excessive ( or minuscule ) . considering the cost of a nice dinner , i would expect larger portions . i felt like the majority of my filling was from the beignet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had dinner with friends this week at greta solomans - the escargot and carrots were the highlight of my week ! and their negronis are perfection . ambiance is nice ; prices are high but well worth it . service was amazing as well ! anther new fave in the neighbourhood that i 've only recently come to visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by one night for the prix fixe menu . the food was delicious ! each course was delicate and flavourful . service was great . the restaurant is quite small so it does feel a bit cramped . i would probably stop by again in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "2.5 stars . the place is small , which i like , and noise level is n't loud like most places . we went on a tuesday night which meant `` tasting menu '' only . we started with the 3 course , and quick realized that we would need to change to the 5 course , based on serving sizes . - the fish dish was surprisingly good ! i think it 'll be worth checking out a different night with their regular menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went there on a saturday night and enjoyed it quite a bit the room is small and quite charming . i do wonder what it would be like more crowded ; the tables are pretty close together service was pleasant . server was very nice . she sort of got slammed with three or four tables all at once so was a little slow getting organized , but not annoyingly slow the food is the high point . my partner prefers steak tartare a nit more minced , not the larger chunks but flavored were nice . the tomato tartare was really nice , fresh and tasty . the mains , i had the steak , we 're both delicious . it 's a french place , so i had the creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e and it was perfect with a lovely crust and the creamiest inside . my partner had the tart , worth the price alone whether a casual couples date dinner or a gathering of friends , this place is worth the trip", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gluten-free review : went here for dinner on a weeknight and made a reservation stating that i was gluten-free . this is a small space that seated about 20 or so people . there was one waitress and who i believe to be the owner . the service was excellent - polite and very attentive . they understood that i was gluten-free and made sure my food was prepared accordingly . the menu only has a few items on it , but it did have a few gluten-free options . i went with the special of the day , which was a pan seared trout on top of vegetables . it was delicious , especially paired with the wine i had . i also had the creme brulee , which was really good as well . the vibe of this place is very intimate so this is a perfect spot to catch up with a good friend or spent some time with your special someone . tl ; dr delicious food , attentive staff , intimate vibe", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! we had the 5 course tasting menu on a tuesday night . the food was presented well , and tasted even better . the highlights were the red cabbage soup and lamb with pumpkin . i would have given this place 5 stars , but it list a star for not explaining any of the 10 dishes when served ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the atmosphere was warm and welcoming ( delicious smells wafting from the kitchen helped ) . a good mix of romantic but comfortable . the food was fantastic . i wo n't pretend to be some kind of expert chef or critic , i 'm not , but i know greta soloman 's is serving excellent food and wine . the owner was lovely and hospitable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is overrated ... makes me doubt yelp . chicken limone ... tasteless .. awful.. my husband had lasagna.. i 'm not italian but can make better lasagna than that ! we will not return !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "upscale decor , comfortable , what is expected for restaurants in the price range and neighborhood . friendly wait staff , obviously inexperienced , not very helpful . some members of our party were having difficulty making decisions , most more seasoned wait staff will make suggestions . good presentation . my opinions are based on the price level of the menu . in my opinion the food was below average ( overcooked eggplant , average sauce ) . the mussels should have never left the kitchen @ half were inedible and way too salty , so it was graciously removed from the bill . lots of sugar in the bread that was on the dry side . the balsamic dressing was odd in texture , tasty on the sweet side . did not review the wine selection , the mixed drinks were over iced . in summary every thing looked good but that is where it stopped . i felt like the philosophy of the restaurant was to maximize profits rather than present claimed creative cuisine . more attention to detail will go a long way .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very tasty italian restaurant , with an extensive menu , decent value , and great tasting food . i enjoyed an excellent dish of veal , and the rest of the party had a variety of pasta dishes . everything went down well , and the large portion sizes meant we were able to take a lot of food home with us to enjoy later . despite not being able to finish the meal , one member of the family insisted on ordering some cannoli , and so i was able to enjoy this treat for the first time in my life as well . it was perfect- the right balance of crispy and creamy . service was fine , but was perhaps the least strong part of this experience . thank you stella mia- i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stella mia is incredible ! my partner and i have had dinner here multiple times , yet last night was hands down the best . the place was packed , got seated right away , there was a one man `` band '' , who was incredible ! had no idea they had entertainment . the owner was our server , love her to pieces ! food , again spot on ! never a disappointment ! the chocolate cake , to die for ! if you 've never been , i highly suggest going ! the one person we missed last night was tina ! but service was a 5 star ! hope stella mia is around forever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful hidden little fab restaurant that you need to try . there is plenty of seating as the restaurant is well sized . clearly they have a great kitchen and well motivated staff who were timely and attentive in service . the food was excellent . i did not find the wait to be very long but the food was so fresh and delicious i was very pleased . the prices were clearly moderate and the food borders on 4 star food or 5 star food at 2 star prices so this should become a favorite go to spot . meatballs were excellent other ethic foods were also delicious . i am going to go back and if i do i will update this again . these little ethnic gem restaurants are few and far between in our age of corporate packaging and chains who deliver good food . this food is a step wll above your typical fare that you pay about twice as much for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazingly yummy ! ! ! ! ! my family found this place on open table after seeing an hour long wait at cheesecake factory . wow am i glad we drove to this place , only a mile down the road . kinda hidden in the back of a strip mall and a little hard to find . but everything we had was amazing ! calamari was one of the best i 've had . bruschetta was crazy good . i had their fontina scallops and loved them . others orders eggplant parm and veal . everyone loved everything . the waitress we had was so nice the prices were good . portions are huge . i 'd definitely go here over cheesecake factory any day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "splendid food , wonderful atmosphere , excellent service all add up to a magnificent dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a quiet tuesday night and was absolutely floored from beginning to end . my hubby and i started with the meatball appetizer . as close to my moms authentic italian meatballs as i have ever found . salad was crisp with a luscious vinaigrette . i chose the lemon chicken piccata for my entree and my husband chose the equally delicious chicken with prosciutto and ricotta . crazy good . homemade cannoli and spumoni topped off our wonderful meal . icing on the cake was tuesday is half off bottles of wine . service courtesy of tina was amazing as well . first time here , but regulars from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best homemade meatball and hungarian peppers i 've ever had ! the bread is also soft inside and crispy outside", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never written a review on yelp but i signed up to write this one . i love this restaurant . my husband and i both ordered the beet and arugula salad , which was very good . i then had the veal saltimbocca ! fresh herbs , very thin , very lightly breaded , served with fresh crispy green beans ( i had them hold the mash potatoes ) . it was delicious . my husband ordered the bolognese ( with homemade pasta ) which was also delicious ! we finished the meal with creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e and tiramisu . i ate to much but it was so good ! ! ! this is going to be our 'go to ' italian in westlake !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent italian food ! ! ! ! truly is a hidden gem and really beautiful atmosphere as well ! yum ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cuisine is exactly what you want it to be . seasoned perfectly , but not over-done . from the bread to the perfectly prepared sauces , from the melt in your mouth meats to the succulent chocolate cake , everything is homemade and oustanding . both the bartender and the proprietor made me feel right at home . service was impeccable , yet never made me feel rushed . when i 'm in the area , this is where i 'll be having dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . what a surprise ! this place , sporting 4-star italian food , is tucked into a run down strip mall . you walk into the door expecting a middle of the road mom n pop experience and what do you get ? first class decor , service , and food . all three of us had a phenomenal meal with outstanding service . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to give it a try based on the great yelp reviews . we are converts ! the space is not very unique ( i think it used to be a greasy spoon we went to for breakfast years ago ) but , it 's clean and modern and nicely appointed . we went with three generations and our server treated us all warmly . started with salads . fresh . tasty . moved on to entrees . the salmon was done perfectly . the mashed potatoes were n't anything special , a little thin . the grouper was devoured . as was the pasta with shellfish . even the gnocchi dish was flavorful and quite good ! it 's nice to find a high quality restaurant in the suburbs that serves fresh , innovative food . i hope the word gets out and they survive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful atmosphere , friendly staff who treated us like family . authentic italian menu options . reasonable prices . put this place on your `` must experience '' place . we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted to try something different and found stella mia on open table . immediately greeted as we walked in . it was pretty empty when we got there but definitely got busier . our waitress was awesome ( short blonde hair ) . she was super swamped though and it seemed they were completely understaffed . why are waitresses bussing tables ? ? ? regardless she busted her butt . on the food side of things we split calamari . very good . for dinner the boyfriend got chicken parm and i got shrimp with angel hair . no complaints . food did take awhile but we were n't in a rush i will say alcohol prices were way too high . $ 4 for a miller lite and $ 9- $ 10 for a glass of wine ? waaaaay too high that all said we will be back but get that poor girl some help !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ate at this restaurant and it was fabulous . the ambience is beautiful . the wait staff very friendly and professional . at the time they did not have their liquor license , but told us where we could drive to -to get bottles of wine that we could drink there . the guys went for the wine and we ladies ordered appetizers . the calamari was awesome . great portions , beautifully arranged on the plates . the chef is awesome . eggplant parmesan was homemade and very good . veal chops were huge ! ! ! we will be back , ca n't wait for the liquor license . the owners were very nice also ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was there on christmas eve which meant they had a limited menu . i had the eggplant parmesan . quite honestly , it was probably the best eggplant i 've ever had . there were three layers of eggplant on my plate , all of which were delicious and crispy . they did n't drown it in tomato sauce which would 've made the breading irrelevant . the angel hair pasta and sauce was average . nothing bad , nothing special . finally i had the tiramisu for dessert and that was really good . the presentation alone was a nice treat . i 'll definitely return soon for the full menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a gem in a strip mall , it was quiet and bright , we loved the stuffed peppers , cioppinno was superb . with lots of delicious fish and shellfish . red sauce was also quite good , we were there at a very quiet time and our waitress was delightful . this is my first review but i worry that this restaurant might be missed due to location . it is worth traveling for , everything is made fresh and it is definitely not a chain restaurant ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite places . it 's in a weird little residential strip mall . do n't be fooled , it 's a gem . the beautiful owner greets you , seats you , and treats you like an old friend . the food is great , a mix of italian and eastern european . i ca n't recall now , but i think her dad , a fantastic chef , is the genius behind the scenes . we 're on our way now , and i ca n't wait . i 'll post pics .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went with some family around the holidays . everyone was very happy with their dishes . the gnocchi was awesome , not too blue cheesy . the carbonara was also great . we all loved the stuffed peppers . the jalape\u00f1o alfredo was also very tasty . our service was great . i highly recommend this over all the lame chain restaurants like brio and olive garden . everything is handmade from scratch and it shows . will def . be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the lunch buffett . i was pleasantly surprised with how tasty everything was and for 9.99 the options that were available . i took a look at the dinner menu and will certainly be coming back soon . chocolate cake was insane .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful inside , great service and delicious food ! we would definitely recommend and will be coming back very soon to try the dinner menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food and service are great ! i have been here twice for dinner with my grandmother . probably my favorite italian restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food , presentation and atmosphere were all excellent . it does n't look like much from the outside the inside was pretty , comfortable , good music . nice environment for date , friends or business . we came on a week night so staff was a little light but she was very good , efficient and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quiet , elegant . tina served us and was exceptional . very attentive and sincere . food is amazing and great portions . the price is fair given the portion , ambiance and service . beautiful italian classic music in the background set a perfect evening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "100 % 5 stars . wonderful food , great service-quick and caring . the bread was delicious , we got calamari , and salad for appetizers . i got the shrimp angel hair , and my boyfriend got the carbonara ( i believe ) the portions are stupendous , & prices were very decent . definitely coming back very soon and recommending to all . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! it 's a bit pricy but worth it . our server was very attentive and professional . food is delicious but would n't recommend the calamari there . highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum ! we celebrated our 37th anniversary there last night . it 's not necessarily a `` special occasion '' restaurant , but we love their meals . it was our third time there and we 've not been disappointed . the fresh bread , house salad ( omgosh ... delicious homemade balsamic dressing ! ) , and main dishes are a treat ( this time husband had veal parm & i had the veal milanese ) . the creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e for dessert was the perfect way to end our meal . i ca n't wait to go back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in cleveland a nice little italian restaurant . the food and service was really good . had the chicken marsala and it was good . quiet and relaxing atmosphere . worth the trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "order food from this place for dinner and everything was so amazing . i cant stop raving .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what a hidden gem . we went for an early dinner - had a baby with us . the staff was very accomodating and sat us away from the other early diners . very attentive , large portions , quality food ( the salad was especially great - mixed greens , no iceberg ) . i had the pasta amore , my wife had the eggplant parmesian , my daughter had chicken tenders ( of course ) . all were excellent and large portions . our waitress was very attentive . this is now our go-to place for italian . they also have some other eurpoean inspired dishes - paprikash and hungarian peppers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing home made italian and croatian food . reasonable prices , comfortable atmosphere , and sweet service . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything we ordered was delicious ! petra , the owner is a gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a very big person so buffets are obviously not my first choice in meals . but this place is awesome . when it first opened it was one of a kind . they served dim sum , sushi and of course the conventional chinese buffet choices of noodles , rice , veggies and more . the place is huge so having a large party there is no problem at all . they even have an area that you can separate for privacy . the price is decent and the food is good . mandarin has got nothing on this place . actually , i really dislike the mandarin and will always choose this place over it . for dinner they even have salmon sashimi in their japanese section . there are so many choices to eat that you wo n't know where to begin and end . this is a must try and definitely worth the money and the extra weight .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every time i go up to markham , i always end up here ... and each and every time , it 's nothing special . this buffet is very convenient - still on the ttc line ( not having to switch and stops right in front of the plaza , making the walk bearable ) , near p-mall , and market village ( i hope that 's what it 's called.. ) . the food makes me sick every time . my best friend actually lives in markham and for some reasons , we always come back even after we said we will not . i guess the price of the buffet is just very attractive ... but , in the end , we learnt from our mistakes ( many time ) and i will not return to this buffet . btw , i always judge a restaurant for the cleanness of their bathroom ... and this place is unpredictable . sometimes it 's pretty clean and sometimes , it 's the grossest place ever ... just saying .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "super expensive , and nothing to eat . the worst buffet i ever had in toronto . never visit again . do not waste ur money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "since they changed ownership , everyting went straight downhill . food was very unfresh and tasteless . service was bad . the place was like a cafeteria . i wo n't even let my dog eat there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food here tends to be inconsistent but generally you always leave full . never been for dinner but lunch is pretty good has a good selection of dim sum items", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was here are the grand re-opening in the summer 2012 under new ownership . amazing renovation , over $ 1million i heard . big difference from when i was there in 2010 . and what fanfare of distinguished guests were present ! the food was authentic chinese as told to me by my friends , delicious . fresh ingredients and great value . it 's right across from pacific mall , so it will make a great stop for my family & i in the future while i 'm in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a popular local buffet restaurant that 's been generating a crowd for a long time , star walk has quite an impressive dim sum buffet selection during the day . as for the evening , this place has a wide variety of foods to serve to its clientele . though i am not a big fan of buffets due to its questionable freshness , i figured it was time to yelp it since i 've been coming here for years . the food is about a 3 5 and their sashimi salmon did n't look fresh at all ... however everything else was edible . the service was exceptional , however the noise level can be quite an annoyance depending on what time you visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "impressive buffet , there were so many selections -- sushi , yakitori , chinese , japanese , taiwanese , and western food below are few that made an impression : - several types of soup : shark fin , fish tummy , etc ( i was totally full when i discover them so did n't try any - dessert selection : ice cream , chinese desserts , cake , cream buff , sweet tofu , red bean soup ( i was n't able to try them all : ) - unique dishes : they have stirred fry deer meat , and bbq pork neck meat ; i mostly had these only in asia overall i am quite impress with the quality and selection !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i find the quality is on a downward trend in recent years . tends to be greasy with poorer food quality . i would probably go with 1.5 stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we 've eaten here a few times now . dim sum is usually ok. sushi can vary . overall quality is on par with every other buffet i 've had in the past twenty years . iow , its passable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "starwalk ( scarborough ) is in the hands of a new owner . ( not the owner of woo 's , which also closed down ) and it will re open at the end of april 2012 after some renovation . i look forward to giving them a chance when they re-open !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the grand re-opening seemed really modern which i really liked . the food was .. not as good as i hoped . really was n't up to the value when it came to the quality of foods . there 's a variety and they look great , but when you eat them , they are n't always hot nor are they always tasting good . overall experience was n't as good as i hoped it would be . the food could really be stepped up or their prices should be marked lower . should n't be paying a higher amount of money for a cheaper quality of foods .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the only chinese buffet that i go to often . even though there is nothing spectacular about it . the food are pretty good , lots of choices including sashimi and sushi . you do have to pay for drinks , of course water is always free and they always keep your glass filled . service is great ! i would recommend it and as i said , nothing spectacular , just a decent buffet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did n't know that a change ownership took place . i have n't been to this place for quite sometime and it was really good back then . i was very excited coming here but was very disappointed with the food . all i can say is , save your money and go else where . this place is dead to me . i 'm surprised to see a few people showing up . maybe they 're like me , not knowing tho place has changed . service is good but food is terrible . peking duck was a disaster . roast beef was dry and it looks like it has been sitting there all day . disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always hear people complaining about this place . but to me , it is not that bad ! when you first walk in you notice it is pretty big , plus their are free pop ! taste wise , the food is n't that bad as well ! certainly been to better places but it is not the worst !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to all different levels of buffets and this place is average . i have been here on multiple occasion , mostly because its the easiest place to go for a quick lunch and have something everyone can enjoy . the place is huge and usually there is some form of event going ( whether its a birthday party or a wedding ... ) . the buffet areas is larger , there are choices of sushi , salad bar , dim sum and dessert . in terms of taste , the food is only mediocre . this place is good for group gathering or quick lunches .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not impressed with the food and service . there is a section where you can get your own drinks and they included the slushy drinks too but they were far too sweet . t i have n't been to starwalk since before the renovation and the decor is really nice but that 's as far as i can compliment it . food was just average and was n't over the top , i definitely would n't come back again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i were very hesitant eating at a pho restaurant in the east side but the reviews here helped . it 's very clean and the service is awesome . the appetizers are great and the pho is awesome . the soup itself is a little on the sweet side . this is definitely going to be our new pho place instead of driving 20-30 minutes to henderson or spring mountain .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i struggled to find a vietnamese joint to get my fill . this is hands down the best vietnamese food i 've had in vegas . the food is so simplistic , yet so full of flavor . staff is super friendly and incredibly helpful in understanding the dishes and their ingredients ... and they are very flexible in making accommodations and substitutions for certain ingredients ( i 'm talking to all you vegetarian vegan peeps out there ) . on the outside , this place may not look like it has a lot to offer , but it is a well hidden gem for a reason . try them out , you wo n't regret it ! also , get the thai ice tea . it will quench your thirst with this infernal heat going on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i say this is the best pho in town . price is $ 6.95 a bowl except combination or shrimp one , that is good deal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i usually love this place , but i tend to get the same thing here every time i come- the pho ga. my allergies pretty much preclude a lot of the other soups . but i just tried their beef stew w baguette . the baguette is as good as usual , but i have to say- do n't get the stew . there are n't that many ingredients in it- too much broth in the ratio . and more fat than any other ingredient in the entire soup", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time at pho bistro with my family and we were all very happy with the service and the food . the veggie pho was delicious . it was n't salty and the flavor was well balanced . the lunch special came with tea or soda and the lunch prices are all very reasonable . the gentleman who helped us was very pleasant and hospitable . he checked up on us all the time and he made sure our drinks were refilled . i recommend this place . satisfaction guaranteed . two thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in here on a wednesday night about 7pm for a late dinner . strangely we were the only one 's there . it 's a small place located on the corner of e. flamingo and sandhill . they have 3 booths and 11 tables set up for 4 people . your typical neighborhood restaurant . the owner was very friendly and greeted us warmly . as we were choosing booth # 1 , he suggested we get away from the door more so the cold and wind would n't bother us . promptly brought out waters with lemon . we ordered off the menu with a couple changes , no problem . spring rolls were good , with a nice large piece of shrimp , served with peanut sauce . the pho was very tasty , good hearty broth flavor without being salty or oily . plenty of meat . this is the closest pho place to where i live , and since it was pretty tasty at a fair price , i will be back . good service , clean , and convenient . 4.5 stars ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is in the same location that beijing noodle cafe used to be at . i came in 10 minutes before close and they still took me in . they asked if i wanted my order to go and i asked if i could done in and they said ok. maybe they did n't want to but they were still nice . we ordered egg rolls which only come with 2 but they came out fast and were piping hot and crispy . our pho came out not too much longer after that . broth is a tad oily but it was pretty good . i would order my beef next time on the side because it was not pink like if like to see . overall the bowl of pho was comforting and the place is clean . i would definitely come back because they 're relatively not too far from home and they were super nice !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and i have been coming here since shortly after they opened . this is hands down the best pho we 've had in vegas . we 've been to all the most popular places for pho in china town , and this hidden gem is better . they do n't have a huge menu like pho kim long , but their food quality is far better . their beef pho has the best broth i 've ever had , and their prices are very low for food of this quality . besides the pho the banh mi and rice dishes are all very good . i ca n't recommend this place enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of our favorite pho places in town , and by far the best pho on the eastside . i 've eaten at every pho place over here , a few times even because i 've been desperate , and none of them come even close . the pho is delicious and the egg rolls are good . we come here 1-2 times per month to get our fix and when we are too lazy to go to chinatown . highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best pho in vegas ! i found pho bistro through a mailer , so glad i tried them ! my family and i now go weekly . authentic pho and vietnamese food , with great prices and superb customer service . the restaurant is impeccably clean and has great ambiance . the food is ready at lightening speed and oh so fresh ! i no longer have to go across town for amazing pho ! ! ! the bowl is always heaping and pipping hot ! ! really ca n't say enough about them ! ! six stars if i could ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "east side gem . cool owners . they remember their customers and give great service . the broth is really flavorful compared to a lot of other places i 've tried . the meats have all been fresh and they offer vegetable broth which many places do n't . we go at least once a week for take out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came in for take out . i needed , yes needed . okay , i wanted pho . this was very good , not the best . but i enjoyed it . we waited about ten minutes in a booth for our to go order . while we waited the cashier server , was friendly & talkative . he even have us water for our short waiting time . the restaurant was clean and had about 4 tables of people at say 2pm ? i 'll go again if in the area", "score": "4"}
{"review": "idk why others put less starts . the pho is amazing we also got spring rolls and egg rolls . everything was delicious and $ 14 for it all . the service was great check this place out its worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't write many reviews . but this place is good . the staff are always very nice . he food is great and and pho broth is flavorful . i always go out of my way to go down there and eat", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome vietnamese beef stew with rice noodles ! and the peanut sauce that accompanies the fresh spring rolls was delicious . it 's not far from work , so i 'll probably make my way here once or twice month . yum ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the spring rolls are so yummy ! ! the pho and the bahn sandwich are delicious as well . everything has a good price . but the spring rolls are the best", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was great . the owner have great suggestions and were extremely accommodating . the food tasted great and came out really fast ! i would definitely recommend this place to my buddies . the prices were pretty reasonable too . i 'll be back next time . i came with someone who is viet and he enjoyed it too ( if that makes any difference lol ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! staff was very friendly , the food was so delicious and affordable ! i do n't have to go to china town anymore ! i highly recommend this place ! love , love , love their pho ' ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is situated in a strip mall and is small but they have excellent attention to detail on the flavors of commonly ordered dishes such as the spring roll ( rice paper ) . and the pho here is definitely above average from the many places i 've ordered pho across the country over the last 20 years . just thought i 'd write these guys up as i 'm visiting las vegas and it was a pleasant surprise !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! delicious food , great prices , employee 's are friendly , homey environment ... .i could go on but defiantly check out this place for your self .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place reminds me of home or going to my aunty house for dinner . they have great customer services and bring the food fast . the food was also good like home yes there 's other good pho too but this is in my neighbor hood , it 's nice for the eastside now i do n't have to go all the way to china town : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pho was fair . the broth was a little cloudy which is a huge downfall . the veggies were wilted and the atmosphere was just mediocre", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my first time eating at pho bistro was amazing . the location itself may be considered sketchy , but the quality of food is outstanding , plus we all know the hole in the wall like places are the best ones ! the owner was extremely welcoming and helpful , and the broth of the pho was tantalizing ! the flavor was so rich of different characters that typically i do n't consume all of the broth afterward , but i gulped it down gladly ! my son , who is 2 1 2 years old , had the chicken pho and was delighted with it . he ate and drank the broth and enjoyed every second of it . with this review , i highly recommend this place to try , great prices , owner was welcoming , the decor may have not been my taste , but the quality of the food was incomparably great ! new pho house that 's for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff could sure benefit from using the pads & pens they are carrying around to actually take people 's orders . poor execution from beginning to end , do n't waste you lunch hour like i did .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best pho in vegas ; clean pleace , love it . @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my friend were trying to go to oh curry , but they were closed . but we are so happy that we found this pho instead ! i ordered the rare steak and meatball soup . the broth was so flavorful and they did n't skimp on the meat . we will definitely be coming back here during the cold winter nights !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our first venture here ! the pho was great and the ba cau was amazing ! the service was excellent , which is unusual for vietnamese ! we will be back ! limited menu but what we had was worth coming here ! yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was here for dinner with my kids and as much as i would like to give them a 3 stars all they are getting is 2 stars for their awesome service ... the were very friendly but i got to say the food did n't nail it ! i order brisket belly and steak pho for my self and chicken chow mein for my son ... . well the broth for my pho was n't tasty even with the lime the jalape\u00f1o and spicy sauce i added to it ... my kid 's chicken was n't cooked all the way and so i decided not to let him eat it ... .. and last thing the pace smells very weird and i suppose is because of the carpet on the hole dinning room . i do n't think i would be back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good lunch specials with great prices . the broth here is tasty . the banh mi are wonderful with crusty bread and deliciously seasoned grilled pork . the service is quick , kind , and efficient . try them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time trying pho . my friend dragged me out to give it a try because she was having a craving and had n't been to this location in while . we ordered two appetizers . the crab and shrimp eggrolls , two to an order , for $ 3.50 , and an order of pot stickers that were $ 4.95 for an order of six . then for our actual lunch we both ordered the `` pho rare sliced beef steak '' for $ 6.95 . for the price , you ca n't go wrong . the pho was in a large bowl with a lot of noodles , but not the heaviest on the meat part . the broth was tasty and the meat was too , i loved the crunch of the bean sprouts they supplied for us to add . the only thing that was a little off putting was all the cilantro they put in the bowl , it was a tad overwhelming . the appetizers were good , nice and crispy and flavorful . our waiter was nice and accommodating .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best pho in east vegas . the beef is fresh and still bleeding like how it should be . great service with a smile . with the food that tastey the prices are a little low . it 's in a great location with lots of parking . also the viet shaken beef is amazing . i get it to go all the time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had pho ga and spring roll . serving size is somewhat small , food clean but very bland , reasonably priced . menu is limited , service is fine . overall not bad but not good either . i 'd give the business another year .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good amount of meat . always so friendly . have enjoyed all of their pho . love it . great flavor and pricing and takeout packaging . very professional", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came to visit vegas and decided to check this place out . first of all , the service is pretty bad . my group came before 2 others and they got their food before us . the prices are affordable ! but the wait for the food took long . it was good , except some people had upset stomachs after..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food and great service ! the gentleman who took our order was very kind and friendly . food came out rather quickly and it was delicious . i will definitely return . if you 're considering going , check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the soup fried rice and won tons . at first we were the only ones there . later two other couples came . and strangely the workers there all sat down to eat . we felt bad asking for water and our check . the pho was really good . i finished it off the next day . i would definitely go again but maybe do take-out next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice place and service is good also . lunch specials are great but i usually order off the lunch menu . the pho broth is good ! and i do n't feel all dehydrated and thirsty after i dine here lol ( cus some places use a lot of msg ) the beef stew is just okay ... i was n't impressed but maybe they just do n't get that many orders of it . but the pho and vermicelli dishes are great ! my son loves the fried rice also . food comes out pretty quick and the stuff is friendly : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was in las vegas for the day , and wanted to treat my employees to pho . it was good for a fair price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bad , bad , bad food was horrible . they have one chef and he called out sick so all they had was soup and appetizers . oh and if your not asian do n't go here . a couple walked in 20 minutes after us and were paying their bill when we got our food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of my favorite pho place in vegas . came here regularly always ordered the pho . they are delicious . i also tried several other menus before , fried rice , fried noodle , chicken wings , lunch special . they are all delicious . everything in a good price . the master always have a great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm impressed with the quality of meat here . they have beef tenderloin as an option . we had the filtel mignon with onions entre as well as the pho filet mignon . both were excellent . good service , and fair prices . very good food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best pho places in vegas ! ! the only one my husband will have ! he gets the pho with beef balls and rare beef and i just like the rare beef .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the best . the owner is the sweetest man who always makes sure i 'm a satisfied customer who keeps coming back . i only stumbled upon this cute , little place on a whim with a craving for spring rolls and viet iced coffee , about a month ago . and i 've been back 5 times since . it 's so great , even to call in and pick up a cheap , yummy lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome vietnamese noodle soup ! good quality chicken , huge portions , inexpensive , awesome service . tried both the traditional beef broth and the chicken broth , both delicious . vegetarian broth also available . veggies and herbs totally fresh . cheesy strip-mall notwithstanding , i plan to be a regular .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always drove by this place finally took the time to check it out . employees were extremely nice and took care of us , great customer service ! the price of food here is not bad at all , they have lunch special $ 5.95 . really underestimated this place , has to be one of the top pho places in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the seafood pho was awesome ! ! ! the service great and friendly and best of all i can walk here and get great vietnamese cousine without having to go to spring mountain because this east side pho bistro is the bomb.com ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for lunch last thursday and had the pho and a bahn mi with grilled pork . the pho broth was very flavorful while the bahn mi lacked pork . just not enough . i will be back though to try some of their other dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hate to say something bad , but the pho broth was uneditable just color and smell was bland i felt like they put chicken bouillon in water and heated it up . my husband did get some good ribs . but if you love pho do n't go there and the vegetables were n't fresh and no cilantro was even in the pho ... just so disappointed i had surgery and could n't eat all day and i was craving that and now it 's in the trash .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pho is one of my favorite dishes . so it 's nice to have a restaurant close by that serves this . the only thing i have tried is there pho so i 'm not an expert on anything else at this restaurant . but friends that have gone there with me have ordered other items and said they enjoyed them . my only suggestion is that i wish there was more meat and vegetables in the soups .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not bad . i only had the vermicelli but i think that 's how you judge a restaurant not on what they sell the most of but what they do n't . it was n't the best i 've had but it did have mint in it which was new and refreshing i 'm sure the pho is better and i 'll be back to taste it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of my absolute favorite pho places . the pho and bahn mi are delicious . pho bistro has a 5.95 lunch special , which is a great price ! the owner is a sweetheart and makes sure to take care of you . it may not have the flair of other restaurants , but the food makes up for the simplicity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good vietnamese food considering it 's in nevada . the house special fried rice is good . not greasy nor oily , seasoning is just rice . pho is good . the broth has less msg , and you do n't get thirsty after . m9 ( noodle with bbq porks , spring rolls , vegetables , served with fish sauce ) is yummy . the pork is very flavorful and egg rolls too . will return whenever i 'm traveling through nevada . fyi : very nice , attentive and friendly service too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for some pho cause i 'm sick and pho makes me feel better and honestly i wish i had n't it 's was not good at all . the meat on my pho was disgusting and old and it made my mouth itch ! ugh ! never coming back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service is the best , so friendly unlike other places that treat you like a complete stranger . best pho on this side of town ! and the lunch special is such a great price . the iced coffee is so great too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! my husband and i have been going there ever since they opened and the owner is friendly and always remembers us.highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great friendly service , good food at a great price . 1st time i found this place was late , they were closing in 5 minutes and they still made me feal welcomed , allowed me to dine in and no pressure or funny looks from the kitchen . place is small but kept clean , great pho and spring rolls .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean restraunt . food is amazing and at a good price . the owner jimmy is halarious and very nice . promot service . i do n't know why you would n't eat here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my expectations were crushed . phoenix needs a tucson tamale like place with a wide selection of fun and delcious tamales . alas the steamed tamale only offers two , a beef tamale and a corn one . even more confusing is that by default the non meat tamale comes in a green meet sauce . the corn tamale it self was bland and their normal prices are not cheap . there are a few seats inside and a few dirty tables on the patio . not very inviting . this was a one time visit for me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tamales were great as well as chicken burrito ! customer service was top notch ! i give this place a 10 and more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thought this place was really ghetto at first then a friend told me i had to eat here . i was definitely blown away by the food . this guy makes the best green tamales i 've ever had . will definitely return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing new restaurant with excellent food and service ! chiles from hatch , new mexico ! would recommend to anyone craving a tamale or taste of authentic mexican food located near 18th ave and van buren st .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the steamed tamale is no longer , but little king of kings is . second time here and you ca n't go wrong for 2.99 rice bowls . i 've had the teriyaki and sweet and sour . both times i asked for extra veggies and enjoyed them both . the added steamed broccoli was great . best lunch on a budget downtown .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the green tamales were delicious . i walked to the steamed tamale because i work just 2 minutes away . by the time i got back to the office needless to say the tamales were gone . worth the trip and reasonably priced . owner staff were very friendly . i hope they stay around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious tamales made with new mexico hatch chile ... generous portions served at a very reasonable price ! if you like it hot , ask for the owner brian ' s red salsa ... tomato going in ... fire going down ! ! ! come se dice ' delicioso ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tamales are dense and bland . not a fan . however , their enchiladas are scrumptious and cheesy . rice and beans are okay , not terrific , and you need to add salt for a bit more flavor . they only charge 75c for soda , however , you need to bring in your own cup . who carries their own cup with them when eating out ? i would n't mind paying $ 1.00 for a soda ( any size ) because that is what mcdonalds and carl 's jr. charges . ( cup included ! )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "teddy 's pizza is fabulous ! that 's the only reason we go back . last night when i called to place my pickup order , the phone was answered with a very disheartened voice , as though it made him sad that an order was coming through . i was quoted 20-30 minutes . knowing their tendencies for being late , especially with delivery , i left my house 35 minutes after the call . knowing i had to drive about 15 minutes , i figured this would give then plenty of time . as i walked in the door i saw him putting my pizza in the oven . remember , this is at least 40 minutes after i called . silly me , i did n't check the pizza before i left . when i got it home it was completely wrong . i love teddys pizza . he 's got one of the best crusts around . it 's really hard to give it 5 stars because they 're slow and this is n't the first time our pizza was wrong .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a carry-out only spot . there is no place to sit inside . the entire place is covered with brown 's d\u00e9cor . so , i assume teddy is from ohio , or loves the brown 's ( obviously ) . the pizza is the only thing i 've tried and it is ok . the sauce and toppings are good , the crust could be better . it 's not bad , but nothing great . i would like to try some other menu options at some point maybe . teddy is always working , he 's friendly , but to the point . orders are ready quickly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "teddy treats everyone who comes in the door like a best friend and he does not want his friends going away disappointed , so tell him what you want and he will do his best to see you leave happy . i 've been a teddy 's customer for 10+ years ever since i first noticed his original location on the plaza while driving home when working downtown . when that location close to my delight they moved even closer to my house . my wife and i get carryout at least 3-4 times a month . pizza , hot dogs ; pasta dinners ; subs , wings are all good.. do n't go in looking for a gourmet pizza with goat cheese , pesto or sun dried tomatoes . however , for what he does teddy is the best in the neighborhood . thin crust with extra pepperoni and cheese is my normal order . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first timer today and i find out teddy is from cleveland ! not only did we grow up damn near neighbors , but he made me the best , old school , youngstown , oh brier hill pizza ! sauce is sweet and tangy , pepperoni crisped perfectly , fresh green peppers , and a thin crust that would make the mafioso mamas cry ! on top of it all , i walked in to order , so i had the chance to watch teddy perform the graceful dance of a tarantella while he successfully painted his pizza canvasses , made salads , sculpted lasagna a , answered the phones , and partook in repartee with the many customers who streamed in ! grazie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome pizza at an knockout price.. great food and friendly service from the staff , teddy ( the owner ) insnt always the friendliest person ! the food is always made to order and tastes awesome.. they are very busy for deliveries so pick up of you can !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would have loved to try their pizza , except it never showed up . they took it next door and delivered it to them . would have thought that someone who delivers things for a living would know how to read the numbers on a mailbox . i then called to complain and the owner yelled at me . worst customer service i 've ever seen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i loved teddy 's pizza ! of course , being a browns fan does n't hurt either . we ate inside even though there was n't room to eat but we made the best of it and really enjoyed some great pizza and the best wings in charlotte . the pizza dough is made at the restaurant every day so you know you are getting the freshest available . the crust is not too think or too thin . right in the middle . the wings are by far the best in charlotte . i have n't had anything better anywhere . we did the football special two , two topping pizza 's and 20 wings . great prices too . i would recommend teddy 's for take out or delivery and i have yet to try the sandwhiches or calzones but if the wings and pizza are any clue i 'm sure it 'll will be just as good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little spot ! awesome deals & the pizza is delicious ! their largest pizza is huge ! and the hot wings are definitely spicy enough for me . every time i order out from here i have quick service ! i 've never had anything delivered , but pick up service is great ! & teddy is actually in there ! great family feel ! yummy pizza , service that feels personal , & great prices ... what more could you ask for !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "teddy has great pizza . i think this place is nice , orders are done quickly , and teddy is a character ! please visit his store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lady who answered the phone kept placing me on hold to tend to other customers in the middle of my order . pizza came ... .it tasted like it came from a bowling ally or some frozen pizza you get at your hotel late at night . the wings were the tiniest wings i 've ever had , remove the breading and really it was all bone . not good at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you like little ceaser 's pizza then you will like this place . i love the decor teddy ( owner ) is a huge cleveland guy with all the sports teams and even a few arcade games . i placed a to go order and this place was packed ! ! took good 30-40 minute wait . the wings are insanely cheap pretty good if you like your wings slightly breaded . not my go to pizza place but i would definitely go pack simply because i love the way it looks on the inside lol", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you put the pizza in a little caesar 's box you would think it was from there . the meatball sub was actually pretty good . i ordered fries too and they were obviously store bought frozen . this place is 1.5 miles from my house and it took them over an hour to get here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "true northern style ... 1st visit teddy was recommended to me . had a single , pizza , ..excelk . need to go again on a big football game night.. teddy stands his grown the best ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came from out of town . i stayed 20mins.. from restaurant yet it took an hour and some for delivery . i ordered a philly cheesesteak . you paid an extra $ 1 for steak but it was a few slices of steakums with a whole lot of cheese . there was no onions or mushrooms that it was too come with . steakum is not even meat . my fries tasted like frozen microwaved fries . i was thouroughly disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "teddy 's subs are great ! i love the italian sub it 's loaded and the prices are great ! the only draw back with teddy 's is the slowness of getting your order ready ! even when you call the order in and wait past the time they give you ; when you get there the order is n't ready ! but most of the time the staff is friendly and the old video games helps to take your mind off the fact you are still waiting for your order !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a hidden gem on the northeast side of town . as stated their pizza taste similar to little caesars and chucky cheese 's . they have a cleveland special deal where you get two large pizza with two toppings and 20 wings for $ 20.99 . you ca n't beat that price ! we have purchase the bake spaghetti there which was pretty good also . my favorite from teddy 's is their subs ! i love both the meatball and philly cheese steak subs . they are delicious ! their service time is really slow though . carryout is always 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes is what they say , but i always just do pick up since i 'm literally across the street . even with take out be prepare to not have your order within 20 minutes as promise . i would go about 30-40 minutes after placing an order . we definitely love this spot close to home when we want a delicious sub !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ni hao , i love this place , the taste of the pasta dishes is superb , the sheet pizza is amazingly huge and the cakes they sell just melt in your mouth , will let you know more as i eat my way through the menu , i think they are great , i order delivery once a week , takes about 10 min more than the chains to deliver , but it 's better pizza . got ta go now , made myself hungry , gon na order again . `` stay awesome gotham '' , anna akana 's slogan on youtube .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped at this place because i saw all the cleveland browns stuff in the window and being from just outside cleveland i thought why not . boy , what a find . i 've searched and searched for a place that could make an italian sub the way my hometown pizza place back in plymouth ohio made theirs ( much respect to jjs ) . this place is the real deal . it was like being in a brown 's museum . the italian sub was crazy good ! the service was fast and friendly . while i waited i got down on some old school ms. pacman ( only a quarter ) . will definitely be returning , frequently . way to go teddy and god bless your brownie soul !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they advertise the cash debit price then charge 35 cents to use a debit card . obnoxious tv running on the pumps . if i was n't running on fumes i would have gone on to the next station .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have apple pay at this arco too , however , you must use apple pay with a debit card , as this place is debit or cash only . i do n't mind , as i do n't usually get gas with my credit cards anyway . i applaud and will frequent places that have installed apple pay paypass reading equipment . congratulations on this one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seriously . a 35 cent transaction fee ? are you kidding me ? i went to buy gas for the first time here , and i honestly feel like i was scammed . will not be going back . customer service was terrible as well , i had to wait for a couple of minutes , for the two employees to stop having a conversation and actually serve me . luckily there is a chevron just down the street , and a circle k 2 miles over . i recommend moving your business there if you want to save money and have good service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the absolute worst customer service of any ampm that i 've ever been utilized . the manager even had the gal to argue with me , in front of customers , about one of her advertised specials . even better , when she was proven wrong , she still failed to honor the posted advertised prices on items . one start only because there is no lower rating . this location will never see my transactions every again ! ! ! ! piss poor managerial staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "used to be the best car wash however now it barely washes your car as it 's a 3 inches to high and barely touches car . time to find a new spot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the cleanest store and bathroom i 've ever encountered on the road . kudos to the staff and owner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only stopped here because i was on fumes . to start things off , they do n't accept any form of credit card transactions ... which i suppose i could live with , but then when i went to use my debit card , they charged me a $ 0.35 transaction fee . are you kidding me ? because of this i bought $ 5 worth of fuel and took my business elsewhere . to summarize : place is a dump , customer service is terrible and the transaction fee to use my money to buy fuel ? ridiculous . i will not ever be spending my money here again . i hope they go out of business . this place almost never has anyone in the parking lot anyway ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "place is kind of a dump . the pump software is from the 1990s as it takes over a minute to pump gas after inserting your cc due to waiting on the screens . there are no paper towels outside and i think there is one window wash wand for over 10 pumps . go somewhere else if you have the gas .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst place ever , not convenient and charge fees for all purchases with no credit option . plus , they let these guys in yellow jackets walk around their parking lot and solicit you . i think they 're trying to sell window coverage or something . i complained about this and the female manager just says , `` ignore them and say you do n't want it . '' i find this highly annoying and work right by here but will be figuring out a way to give them no more business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i used the pump it only pumped 5 cents and then pump shut off and charged me 35 cents to use my debit card . i ask the guy that worked there he could hardly speak much less understand english , but said we have many problem with pumps try a new one and so we did it worked but not happy i was charged again there 35 cent fee and i explained that to him he just shrugged his shoulders and put his hands up shaking his head . yeah i know it 's only 35 cents it 's the priceable", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good location . very convenient . cash or debit only , but gas prices usually are lower here because of this policy", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the gas here is always competitively priced . assortment snack and beverage items is vast . they have a halfway decent car wash . unless you 're paying cash for that prepare for additional charges , and limited payment options", "score": "3"}
{"review": "35 cents to use my card ? ha . wo n't return here . pump asked too many questions . the debit and cash only really burned it for me . i 'll hit up qt on the way instead", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very nice bar in the stuttgart red light district . my wife and i usually grab a pre-dinner drink when we are going out for a special dinner . the focus is really on gin cocktails . very extensive gin menu plus a wide assortment of other drinks . they do have wine and beer as well ; but , no food at all . it is a traditional bar with no television . you get a glass of water with your drink - very unusual in germany . for the gin cocktail you get a glass with whatever gin you ordered and then a bottle of tonic water and you mix it to your taste . i have never seen that at any other bar . highly recommended !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sehr coole lokation im stuttgarter 'rotlichtviertel ' . gute geschmackvolle drinks zu vern\u00fcnftigen preisen . allerdings war der service auf gut schw\u00e4bisch gesagt : `` unter aller sau '' . obwohl wir an der bar sa\u00dfen und sozusagen 'auge in auge ' mit den 3 barkeepern waren , bekamen wir nichts zu trinken . der letzte bestellte drink w\u00fcrde geflissentlich vergessen und beim zahlen mit der bemerkung 'oh , deinen drink hab ich vergessen , gell ? ' ohne entschuldigung \u00fcbergangen . umsatz ist so keiner zu machen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "schade , zwar sch\u00f6n eingerichtete bar , aber zickig tussi - publikum und leider auch kein besonders aufmerksamer service . die karte ist mangelware , w\u00fcrde erst auf mehrfaches anfragen \u00fcberreicht , bietet zwar jede menge tolle spirituosen , aber keinen einzigen cocktail . wenn man an der bar freie sitzpl\u00e4tze ersp\u00e4ht , wird man von jungen friseurinnen verdr\u00e4ngt , die ihre handtaschen blockierend platzieren . wir sind ohne getr\u00e4nke einzunehmen wieder gegangen . guter service sieht anders aus .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sehr coole cocktailbar , meist voll . etwas schwer zu finden , mitten im rotlichtviertel . barkeeper vom fach , gute drink- vorschl\u00e4ge , geschmacklich perfekt , gro\u00dfe auswahl !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the first time reviewing a hair salon however i thought that someone should least mention this long standing junction establishment . cosimo 's has been in the junction for roughly 40 years ( so i have been told ) . they developed a following or regulars though great service and reasonable prices . they also love walk-in customers and the typical wait has been from 1 - 10 minutes . i have had my hair cut by both tony and dominique . but cuts were excellent . both finished my hair using hot shaving cream and a straight razor ... old school and totally amazing . this is truly a testament to the old way of trimming and shaving . the decor is decent . the barber chairs recline completely if you request a mustache or goatee trim and they swept numerous times while i was there . it is clean , well lit and one of the few places that i trust my hair to . i recommend this hair salon to everybody that lives nearby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best in the market , i highly recommend this place . 5 stars ! i have been going to these guys for years and they are great . they do an absolute fantastic job , very low prices and a+ customer service . dominic , tony and of course cosimo are the best in the industry . i love listening to how tony and cosimo have been cutting hair for so many years and they still have so much respect for each other and their customers ... dominic is the handsome young man who never stops smiling . this place also does a great job with ladies hair as well.. ana is one our favorite and she is so talented and proficient at her job . the salon is spotless clean with beautiful hardwood floors , open concept and very accessible by transit and car . plenty of free and paid street parking around too . highly recommend cosimo 's hairstyling for all your special occasions too : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cosimo 's does fantastic haircuts ! they are very friendly , welcoming and professional : - ) they are deeply rooted in the heart of the junction and have been a family business there for generations . i do n't let anyone else touch my hair ! keep up the good work 2 thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic price and i have always been happy with my cuts and styles . i consistently get my hair cut here and have also had a number of updos and more intense stylings . they 're incredibly accommodating and have fit my unorganized self in for last minute appointments countless times . everyone i 've directed their way has been equally happy with the results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for over 20 years . my style has changed , but there 's still only one person i 'll let near my head or my throat with a blade ... ok , two people . very kid friendly ( they were used to it 20 years ago when i was young , they 've only gotten better ) , big bang for your buck as for cut and style goes . i only did the hair dye once , good results , but just not me so i 've left it alone ever since . for women , my mother 's been going there for at least a decade or more and is always happy , especially the past 5 years or so . i think it 's the blonde stylist she really likes , i 'm not sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this salon is the worst i have ever been too , unless i was a male ! ! ! ! dominic ( the owner 's son ) is incompetent when it comes to cutting women 's hair . he should just stick to being a barber , as no woman wants a barber to cut their hair ! the girls he hires are not any better . they should think of becoming barbers as well . it caters to males `` a man 's world '' environment . the prices are not any less expensive then a higher end salon but there the price quickly becomes a rip off ! they do n't know how to texturize or cut . when they style it they are not fooling anyone - a bad cut will always be a bad cut , no matter how well you style it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i think i 'll recommend it for my dog grooming next time it needs a cut ... hmmm . ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have shopped around to all of the salons in the junction high park runnymede area and this place takes the cake . they took me in as a walk in for a cut and dye and at about $ 30 less than other salons who were rude and very unwelcoming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this visit had me leaving wondering if i went to cosimo the butcher or cosimo the barber either way make sure you ask for domenic or tony they are the best barbers in the place , my most recent visit had me leaving with my neck all cut up , if i wanted to be cut i 'd shave my self , i go to a pro to ensure that i get a nice clean look , without being cut .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tony is awesome with cutting , trimming and shaving . a perfectionist . honest in his assessment and thorough in his work . no bullshit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the blue chip truck has amazing poutine . i do n't know about anything else they serve because i 've never tried it . most of the price of a poutine order is the real cheese curds . delicieuse . i usually try to share it with a friend since that lessens the caloric hit and because i can never quite finish a whole one . i also find that they put on a little too much gravy for my tastes , smothering the bottom layer of fries . i keep meaning to offer to pay extra for a second cardboard boat for them to put the gravy on , but i 'm usually too shy in the moment and forget . one day . in summary : poutine poutine poutine", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favourite place to get food from truck vendors is in new york city , and i must say that the truck vendors here in to do n't come close . but i recently found this truck vendor and i am pleasantly surprised . i am attending school again at the u of t and this truck is right outside my class ; it has been a stomach saver . i have had the hot dog , burger , and fries so all the staples . and they are all good choices , the food is made to order , the service is quick , and the gal was friendly to me ; ) i have gotten something from here almost every day of class . as i have mentioned the food is good and it is the only truck that comes close to the quality of new york city . i have enjoyed my food here and i intend to eat here for the duration of my course at the university .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've tried some of the other chip trucks around but this one has some great fries . they do n't feel super greasy when they are served crisp and fresh to you . and they are cut daily by the truck staff themselves ( unsure if in truck or prior to parking at st. george ) . the hot dog was fine and i used the variety of condiments ( incl . cajun spice ) to customize it myself . i like how they have good options for the hot dogs ( incl . halal ) and the poutines . i have yet to try the poutine however .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favourite food truck of all time ! the guys here are sweet , and sort of genius . i 've seen them take up 15 orders at a time , remember them perfectly and then hand them out in order . i used to go here once a week for poutine . then i got fat , and decided to cut it down to once a month . i would definitely recommend this truck for all your unhealthy meal needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sausage and onion rings are soooo good and the wait is a lot shorter than the chinese food trucks around so i come here when i want something faster . the two guys are pretty pro . sometimes i doubt their ability when they just say ok to like 5-10 orders in a row but they always get them right ! ! ! ! ! ! pretty crazy", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come here all the time ! the two guys are friendly , their stuff tastes amazing for the price , there really is n't much else to say . one complaint though is that they do n't label their sauce containers ( the ones just inside the widow ) . that means i have to try the sauces one by one until i found the honey mustard . otherwise it 's fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great portions and prices ! i always get their poutine : ) quick spot to grab something between classes at uoft .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the hot dogs are the best thing here , but that 's not really saying too much . the fries are not a good size or texture , and you 're forced to put ketchup on all the fries at once instead of dipping them . would not recommend the burgers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've never seen this truck at uoft , but i do see it in front of city hall on the time on queen street west . i love coming here for lunch . i like that there 's a variety of options ( hot dogs , sausages , hamburgers , chicken burgers ) . the meat is always a good side , and cooked well . i 'm picky with fries , and i really like these ones . always fresh , hot and well cooked . it 's the cheapest lunch in toronto . the service is always fast and friendly . they have all of your standard toppings . i love that they also have the french fry seasoning and malt vinegar as well . soooo delicious . i get the gravy ( which is always free ! ) on occasion . it 's just the right consistency .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great find . cozy , good food . started with the grilled spicy shrimp and chicken wing appetizers and waitress recommended vodka sauce pizza with shrimp . very good . service was prompt and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "5 stars for food 3 stars for service 1 star for time estimation i love their food , the menu top to bottom is fantastic , especially anything with their pizza dough ( pizza , calzone , etc . ) they are n't very good at predicting how long the food will take for a take-out order , it 's consistently underestimated", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just wish this place had a better staff ! the food and prices are not bad but the waiters make it unbearable . they are extremely rude and ignore you . the skinny girl has the worst attitude of all and literally puts her hand on the side of her face to ignore customers . i have been here three times hoping it would improve but i 'm done .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would like the welcome this place as my new favorite hangout . they have good wine and beer at unbeatable prices . they also offer beer to go . normally restaurants that offer beer to go jack up the price , they do not . some beers are cheaper here than liquor stores . the food is out of this world . i think the most expensive item on the menu is $ 8 . they only have pizza and sandwiches . their french dip is the best i have ever had . i ordered it with onions and peppers . the dip was amazing . i 've also had the chicken sandwich twice and it 's to die for . this place is worth your time for either lunch or dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had dinner at the side door . we 've been long time customers and it 's getting harder and harder to find a reason to like this place . as mentioned so often , the service is slow ! there really is no reason for this . prices have gone up and the food is not as good . tried the pesto sandwich tonight at $ 8 ! ! ! ! no flavor ! no side of course . but the kicker is that it 's not even a full chicken breast . really ? $ 8 for a partial chicken on a sandwich ? so disappointed in so many ways . i need to remember to not come back . love their wings , but we 'll just order them to go next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i normally do n't go out of my way to write reviews unless they are positive . let me begin by saying the wine pour my wife had was generous and the beer i had was good . on the other hand , we decided to try the pizza and it was the worst excuse for a pie i have seen in years . they should be embarrassed to send something like that out of the kitchen . either management is apathetic or the kitchen staff is ignorant to what a good pizza looks and tastes like . very substandard . also the bar staff were spending more time eating their dinner , at the back bar , than attending to patrons . very tacky . wo n't go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just love these 3 restaurants on the this corner owned by the molinari family . they all have their own personality , staff and menu . ive been here numerous times , tried numerous menu items but the other day , i was home and sick so ordered pickup . i got the homemade cauliflower soup ... meh ... not bad but nothing spectacular . i also got a white pizza which was delicious ! lots of cheese , including ricotta which is great on a pizza ! staff is always cool as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the food at side door but ( but ) maaaannnn the service ... its a 50 50 shot ... it can be good or it can be bad . sometimes i feel the need to say , `` oh ... pardon me for stopping in for food and drinks -- i thought this was a restaurant ... did n't mean to intrude . '' : it 's all good though , the pizza vesuvio makes up for it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "found this spot via yelp and really enjoyed it overall . the food and drinks were very good , the portions generous and the prices fair . i like how it 's a very unassuming place with a `` speak-easy ' kind of vibe to it . you can certainly tell it has it 's regulars which adds character to the place . the service was ok . the young girl tending the bar taking orders seemed more interested in talking to her drunk friends at the bar . i 'd like to go back one evening for drinks and to hang out a bit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! awesome food , great beer wine selection . a really relaxed atmosphere . thursdays they have .75 ice scream scoops , and they 're kid friendly . generous pour when you order a glass of wine , always a good thing in my book ! jenna and brooklyn are the only two that have served us and both and fantastic ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a tiny bar with a relaxing atmosphere that is perfect to stop into for a beer . but , that 's about the only thing i am coming in for . i 've been here 5-10 times and every time i have come for just a beer i have enjoyed myself . the dim lighting , enjoyable music , tasty beer , and good company has always been a good time . but the times that i got food , i 've always been disappointed . twice my hotdog bun had hard cold spots like it was previously frozen and then the hotdog was burning hot . the burger had absolutely no flavor even after the waitress recommended it for being the most flavorful burger in scottsdale . the service has also always been pretty slow .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very disappointed with the service . i 've been looking for decent quality take out and that 's why i tried the side door . i ordered an hour before i got my food , and i was told 20-25 minutes till ready and had to ask three times , is our food almost ready , which was a salad and sandwich . the bartender responded with `` sorry , sometimes it gets backed up . '' once we finally got our food , there were no napkins or silverware put into our bag . there were no apologies and nothing to try and get my business back . the food presentation was poor and the bar tender did n't know too much about the beer selection . i ordered a sanwhich which did n't come with a side , but the bartendsr didnt even offer a side or salad to go with the sandwich , which was possible to order . overall i was not happy and would n't recommend to others .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the atmosphere of this place is great ! very friendly and local feel to it . i tried a few things here : - zucchini & onion rings : pretty good , but nothing special - garbage salad : very tasty and fresh ! - pizza : great crust and toppings - rootbeer float : yummy ! the best thing about this place is the price . so cheap ! the server was very friendly and attentive . however , when we asked for separate checks , she seemed upset . i would tell her to lighten up !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they say ask the locals and that what my daughter did . guy overheard her talking to partner about where to go for lunch , he recommend this place right up the street from where we were in the scottsdale mall . stated crab patties were heaven . was heaven to get out of the heat ! waitress was right on it , pleasant , friendly , and recommendations . had french onion soup to start was delish ! then had a cool mixed salad which was fresh , full of extras and wonderful . daughter had soft fish tacos that were perfect . small , quiet , clean , many refills on tea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome . great food . i think they serve the best philly cheesesteak in town . the chicago dog is as close as you 'll get to the real deal . where else can ya get the best philly cheesesteak in town , a good ice cold beer and a scoop of chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream ? the rest of the menu is solid as well . great beer list , both draft and bottle and the wine list is beyond adequate . no booze so if you 're looking for the best philly cheesesteak in town , a scoop of chocolate chip cookie dough and a bloody mary , you 're just shit outta luck . the price is right and the service is spectacular . i ca n't say enough about this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "portobello mushroom sandwich ! yummmmmmm . service can be a bit on the slow side but the food is always worth the wait . fill the down time with drinks and conversation :0 )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "could not be a bigger fan of this little spot . prices are great , food is fantastic , and the beer selection is pretty good too . favorite thing : check out the pastrami & cheddar sliders on the appetizer menu . practically their own entree and ... wait for it ... .less than $ 2 ! i go fairly often and ahve not been disappointed . you will not be either .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my review is only based on a limited sampling of the menu , but based on my experience i have no doubt that the rest of their offerings are great . the managed to serve a pretty darn good philly cheesesteak ! that alone earns them extra stars . everything on the menu is very reasonably priced . the atmosphere is cozy , and as others have pointed out it definitely has the vibe of a locals bar ( which in old town is not a bad thing ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only came here for drinks this past weekend after a bike ride but i would definitely give it another shot . very small interior , with some chairs out front as well , but very `` homey '' inside , 2 small tv 's , & lots of wall art memorabilia . prices for drinks are n't bad at all , beer was around $ 2-4 depending on what you got & wine was average $ 7-9 & they had a nice selection . the food that people were eating around us looked great so i would definitely come back for lunch or dinner sometime .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lived around the corner from this place for over a year . long overdue for a visit ! we went for lunch and sat at the bar . had a rootbeer float which was a+++++ yum ! my friend had the italian bee and loved it . said it reminded him of the little mom and pop shops in chi-town and beantown . i had the margherita pizza which had the softest and melt in your mouth slices of tomatoes evah ! ! ! a good choice for a good , simple meal : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to stop for a better than fast food lunch . good service and cold beer in this quiet neighborhood spot . hard to go wrong with a brat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am definitely a fan of the side door ! my favorites on the menu include any of the calzones ( they are massive ! ) the santa fe chicken pizza , and the california chicken salad . the pastrami slides are a steal at 1.95 but are a little dry ! and the nights with live music are such a treat ! overall good atmosphere and good food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great little corner bar , all the food is good and the service was great . can get a little busy but good food is worth a wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot in a great neighborhood . side door has everything for everyone . it is a tiny spot with a big menu . i recommend getting there early for a table or seat at the bar . after a long day , this is my go-to place for pizza . when i 'm craving carbs , i order their blanco pizza ... .yummy ! this place is always packed with regulars and has homey feel . the drinks are reasonably priced . they offer live music on certain nights . i ca n't wait to stop in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have you ever heard of the `` side door pour '' ? very generous with the vino . and the sliders for $ 1.99 are a meal with the crack sauce . love this place . uncle sals shares the same kitchen and when you ask the one waitress that has been there forever at uncle sals if she will do the `` side door pour '' she turns into a b ! ! ! geez lady retire ! lighten up ! love u `` side door '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love their pizza . the sauce is spot on . family friends of ours , italian immigrants , own a successful restaurant back in the midwest where i 'm from . this pizza brings me back there . ca n't beat that sauce ! pizza gets 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place rocks ! awesome food and exceptional beer ! ! if you 're a wings fan you will love how they prepare them . lightly fried and then grilled , simply fantastic ! if you 're a craft beer enthusiast , you will love their wide variety of reasonable craft selections ! a fantastic local establishment that never let 's you down . great service , excellent food , exceptional beer and wine options ( at reasonable prices ) topped with a unique atmosphere ! i 'd recommend this place to anyone : - ) ) !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is going to sound funny , but i really wanted a hotdog for dinner the other night . my yelper boyfriend surprised me with this joint , and i surely got my wish . conveniently located next door to us , we hopped over there to find a great spot . we went on a wednesday and happen to go on a night a band was playing . i got the vienna hotdog with a side of the four-cheese mac , and i was living it up kindergarten style . i enjoyed it with my ice cold peroni and tapped my toe to the beat of the band . i asked the manager , and they do music every week with a rotation of bands . i 'm looking forward to going back when i 'm having a hotdog hankering and a live music itch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never actually eaten inside the side door -- we are strictly take-out customers here , and we are very satisfied ones . their burgers are absolutely giant and really , really good . i 've also had and loved the italian beef sandwhich ( french dip ) and their mediterranean chicken sandwich is awesome . my only complaint is the fries usually do n't travel well and i 've never been all that wowed by the pizza . but this place rocks as a great , inexpensive take-out option .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really enjoyed pastrami sliders and new seasonal pumpkin beer . ambiance is nice , either at the bar or sitting down at a table . staff is very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is sooooo slow ! it took 30 minutes to get a sandwich and a hotdog . i should have listened to the previous reviews and the man in front of me asking where is his food was for the third time . the food was just okay . i would n't recommend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we used to be regulars here and decided to check it out again . it looked the same on the inside , but the quality of our meals was poor and it took forever to get our meals . this would have been understandable but there was hardly anyone there . it was a very disappointing experience . there are lots of great pubs in scottsdale , we see no need to return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "their prices are incredible . my boyfriend and i shared the chicken wings and greek salad ... both were delicious . i got a glass of wine as well and our total bill was about $ 20 . the wings are grilled after they 're tossed so they 're less messy but the flavor has soaked in . so good . this place was packed on a friday night but we were able to get a table right away . if you go at peak hours you may expect to wait a little bit for a seat , and do n't be in a hurry to get your food . they had one server for the whole place when i was there . but , i knew this going in and was n't in a hurry , so it really did n't bug me that much . i 've heard they have live music here too . i 'm new to the neighborhood so i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best stromboli i 've had outside of ny or chi-town . there is a place in flagstaff that 's pretty close . i kid you not , the bread was fresh , the cheese was thick and the meat inside had so much flavor . i only ate half of it . now , they have a good selection of beer and wine and the atmosphere seemed friendly for a night with a friend or with your family . it 's small and quaint . i ordered take out and we had to wait about 15 minutes after driving 20 minutes to get our food , but thats the only knock i have . our server was very nice ( good looking too ) . i 'd go back for something else on the menu and a beer . i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . the food is n't amazing , but can definitely recommend the california chicken salad . what makes the place great is the atmosphere and the super friendly service ! stop by the bar for a drink and you will surely strike up a nice conversation . i also recommend stopping by on a thursday evening when they have live music !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is dope . pastrami sliders are on point , and extremely cheap for how awesome they are . nuff said .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food beer and great service ! meredith is a bad ass the best server bartender here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice food , quick service ... had gotten lunch there a few times which was solid , then we were `` forced '' to go to dinner when uncle sals was a long wait and we were starving ... .and we all were very happy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice cozy place with great pizza ( smoked salmon , santa fe are our favorites ) and nice beer ( 1554 on tap ) . overall , a fantastic , friendly vibe , have already been there about 10 times and never been let down with the experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here many times more than i 've checked in on yelp . i miss the wait staff i 've grown to love . turn overs here seems a bit high , but the food and service still remains wonderful . the best item on the menu is the grilled wings . best wings you 'll ever try . since they 're grilled , no messy fingers , just yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my last stop on the uncle sal 's , blind pig , side door trifecta . this is probably my favorite ! ordered the fried zucchini ( best i 've had with a yummy poblano dipping sauce ) , the stromboli and the pizza with vodka sauce and shrimp . it was all delish . we took home leftovers only because we wanted to save room for ice cream which was half price when we were there on tuesday . this place might be less staffed than your regular restaurant , but the servers are nice , the food is good , and the prices are reasonable . i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "live down the street great place , good cheap food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food , decent service , nice relaxed atmosphere . i have been to this restaurant a few times for lunch . the dumplings with veal gravy are one of the best things i have eaten . the rest of the menu items are good but that dish is really great . service is ok . they cater to a little older crowd and service at times is very casual . i have never had bad service , they are pretty attentive , just not extremely practiced . there have been a few times where i have waited a while for my order to be taken or for my bill to arrive . the atmosphere is golf casual . the lunch crowd skews elderly but not old . i think of it as working man mixed with early retirees . overall this restaurant gets 4 stars . if service were a little more professional i think it would be a five star review . and if i have the dumplings a few more times it might get five star anyway .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really am a big fan of this place . i 've been here about four or five times over the last year and am always happy with it . granted i always order the quesadilla and a glass of red - but it always hits the spot . i love that it 's a quaint little place and the bartender - i think her name is jenna - is always super sweet . she always pours a big glass of wine too . i ca n't always finish it ! as most have said - it 's a great neighborhood bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "since this is conveniently close to my house i wanted to give it a try . i arrived to pick up my to go order and it was not ready upon my arrival . the food was alright . the grilled wings were the best out of everything i ordered . i also had the chicken sandwich but there was hardly any chicken . the sweet potatoe fries were mushy . for convience the place is good but i do n't think i will be returning for take out at this point .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a sucker for anything pesto so i thought i would try their chicken pesto sandwich . it was excellent ! the bread was warm and crusty , the lettuce and tomato tasted fresh and the pesto was basil-y and delicious . the food did take longer than usual on this visit , but they are usually pretty quick . the service was stellar -- one waitress for an almost full place and she still was able to refill my drink promptly without having to ask for it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was soooooooo impressed by this place ! i got the chicken pesto sandwich and the meatballs ! both of them were amazing i ca n't wait to come back and try everything else ! and the service was great . will be back- often ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently bought a car here and it was a great experience . blake was very helpful and found me the exact car that i wanted without any hassle and at a great price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "blake makes buying a car quick and easy , especially if you are new to the buying process as my fianc\u00e9 and i are . we came to him with a model and mileage range that we wanted , and he gave us a better price than we found anywhere else . very friendly service and happy with our experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good operation . they are friendly and helpful . great place for a hard to find car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fyi if you are working with or have worked with blake scheurn buyer beware ! i purchased a 2007 chevy 2500 that was per him a one owner in immaculate shape . no wrecks no worries it was someone they at the dealer knew . skip forward 2 years and now when i go to trade in the truck i 'm the 4th owner and the truck had been in a fire ! ! shame on me for not getting the car fax but with the story i was given and the trustworthy blake portrayed did n't seem necessary . so if you buy from blake scheurn get a car fax and make sure the vin number matches the report .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is as good as it gets ; this is one of my favorite things in pittsburgh . about five years ago , i was a terrible woodworker , and started to look around for classes . i found out that the community colleges did n't offer them , and did n't quite know where to look . i then found gna ( and dilegno woodshop supply ) , chatted with dante over the phone , and took the introductory woodworking class . at first , i thought the price was pretty steep ; looking around at similar schools in other cities , the price was very reasonable , especially given small class sizes , extended hours , and a low-cost way of acquiring some tools . the class was great , and probably one of the best things i 've ever spent money on . fast forwarding a few years , i 'm now a much , much better woodworker , and owe a significant chunk of that to gna . ( thank you ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a really great resource for woodworkers . i 've taken 1-day and multi-week courses , and they were all excellent . dante is an outstanding craftsman and teacher who encourages students but also pushes them to do good work . this is a far better way to learn than watching woodworking videos . you get instant feedback from a real pro . these classes are also a bargain compared to many other woodworking classes . i had done amateur woodworking for years , but learned many new things . go ahead , try a class here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got like a spicy chicken sandwich and fries . the fries were actually very well seasoned and delicious . the burger was great except for some parts of the chicken that was a little bland . the prices were reasonable and most of the customers in my party were satisfied . this is my first experience dining in arizona , so i do n't have much of a comparison , so i will give it an average rating .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "indigo joe 's is a good place to relax after work or take the family on the weekend . they have several very large tvs and a smattering of smaller ones , most set to different sports venues . the burgers and wings were good but nothing special . service was a little slow when we were there but i think the girls were doing their best , as they were very busy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not really writing against them ... but i actually think they are closed now ( last time i drove my there were for sale signs and things were being packed into pickups ) . kind of a shame , they had good fries and a good atmosphere , but that corner has n't been great to small sports bars ( atomic 99 before it was tilted kilt seemed to burn out pretty quick too ) . that 's a shame that the applebees right there is going strong and a small business does n't get the benefit of the doubt .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place to watch sports with good food . try the hickory bourbon wings they are amazing . great staff too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place no longer exists . closed several years ago . i would give it five stars if was still here . we miss you indigo !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jj is a phenomenal real estate agent . his customer service is second to none . he 's extremely professional , friendly , and helpful . buying a house can be a very stressful time , but jj makes the whole process a smooth and pleasant one from start to finish . i strongly recommend him to anyone looking to buy , sell , or rent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never dealt with jj professionally but i have know him personally for many years now ( in two different states , mind you ) and can unequivocally say that he is an honest broker and a total gentleman - two qualities in short supply these days ! go jj !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jj is awesome , professional and will not waste your time . i moved to vegas with 9 days notice and went though 3 agents before i found him . i was only leasing and had very specific needs . jj taught me the best places to look and found me the perfect home on the first time out ! i look forward to purchasing through him . i know i am in good hands and he is my realtor from here out ! i highly recommend him to anyone looking to purchase or lease .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the opportunity to be helped by jj and his wife nancy to find a house , they are both awesome people , real humans beings , who care for you as a person , and they put you before the money or commission they can earn . i finally find a person that i can trust and i am looking forward to buy in near future , my first house , and of course i know that every person that i recommend to him will be in good and safe hands . thank you so much jj and nancy , you guys are the best in the west . rosa and family", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent instruction and friendly family owned martial arts school . the instructor , mr. melatti , is very knowledgeable and an excellent teacher . his staff is also very helpful and are excellent teachers . my children have been attending classes here for several months and they look forward to classes . this is how a martial arts school should be run .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best tkd in the city . family ran with family environment . my son looks forward to going every day . mr. mallati teaches all the classes and the kids get the best instruction .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big thanks to dipt for the assistance in gaining my health back ! after working with two previous therapy groups and not getting the results i wanted , i am extremely pleased with the professional service they delivered in a customer focused approach . i agree with job b. , the atmosphere is very comfortable and the staff does a great job . it 's great to feel yourself getting better and i honestly looked forward to my appointments because i could feel the results . i would personally like to thank jesse holland for his passion in helping others and the motivation to address my physical ailments . i would also like to thank jesse elis for his active interest in getting his clients better and his talent in identifying the source of problems and solutions to remedy them . last but not least , much appreciation to ben haag and jamie immerman for their attention to technique and the extra drive to complete the last few reps that no one ever wants to do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say enough positive things about the desert institute of physical therapy . the staff was extremely friendly and helpful , and the quality of care received went beyond my expectations . i give this institute my highest recommendation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here after getting in a high-speed car accident , and got all my soreness taken care of in about 2 months , and i feel like my normal self again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ran into an unfortunate knee problem mountain bike riding and the good folks at the dipt helped me to get my spring back . they have a very knowledgeable and helpful staff who gave me the tools and inspiration to get back to 100 % . i would recommend this place to anyone seeking a happy and helpful physical therapy experience . big thank you to dave , ariana , lindsey , and the whole dipt team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not praise rob and his staff to much . without exception , they were knowledgeable , helpful , and above all , caring . almost worth getting injured again to be able to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i chose to use dipt after shoulder surgery since my wife had such a positive experience with them several years ago . it was a great decision . i spent nearly 9 months rehabbing my shoulder after surgery . dave and regina were my primary therapists , and robb and corrie helped out as well . the supporting techs , joey and mitch , were terrific . they maintain a comfortable , warm and supporting atmosphere . it would be my first choice should i need pt again , and strongly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , atmosphere & results ! i have known about this place for years since my wife went and saw paul h. ( a.k.a . `` doogie '' ) to help her with her back pain . he is no longer there after becoming mr. danica patrick , but the staff that remains is top notch and i just finished several months of successful therapy for my lower back . they have made a name for themselves in the golf industry and treat a lot of professional and amateur golfers as well as athletes in all other sports . they 're also not afraid to have a little fun ... make sure to ask about the legend of hans wienerschnitzel !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys make it their mission to support their community and have fun doing it ! the atmosphere here is energetic and fun . that 's not to say the pt 's here make light of their work . they are true masters of their craft , transforming lameness to gracefulness and bringing a life of normalcy back to people who have endured crippling trauma .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used this excellent place twice in the last 16 yrs . last time was last fall . they are extremely professional and they helped me enormously . i 've recently moved to gilbert , so they are too far away . i would recommend them in a heartbeat for physical therapy if you live in scottsdale . judy their receptionist has been there for close to 20 yrs . she 's very nice and easy to work with . i 'll miss them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first experience with robb was at wakeboarding nationals in las vegas . out of the blue i asked if he would check out my shoulder , and he worked on it for maybe an hour and that night was the first time i could sleep on my side in months . after that i started visiting him at desert institute of physical therapy and really enjoyed the treatment i received from him and his staff . both robb and ariana have been working on my shoulder and i have noticed a significant reduce in pain and increase in the range of motion . i would highly recommend dipt to anyone i know !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. blackaby took great care of me ! this was the second injury that he has treated for me . his philosophy is to not just heal the injury but to also help to get everybody stronger than they were before . his staff is incredibly friendly and knowledgable and i look forward to going in for treatments . i would recommend dr. blackaby to any of my friends and it 's nice to know that i have someone to keep fixing my beat up body !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rob is awesome and has great stories ! he 's really nice and cuts straight to the point . he helps you heal , gives you homework and the rest is up to you . the staff is great . the front desk personnel are extremely pleasant and knowledgeable . i had a knee injury for more than 6 months and they were able to get my knee back to where it belonged . thank you so much to everyone there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "regina worked miracles on my foot . when i came in i could n't walk . in 12 sessions i am pain free and able to walk and resume daily activities . it is amazing she is the best . thanks for all you did for me . steve", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a serious automobile accident , i called dipt and they got me in right away and started me on a full program to recovery . i can happily say that i am back to my normal self after a few months of treatment . the friendly and accommodating staff made all the difference . i worked with dave and arianna and both were great and knowledgeable . i would highly recommend dipt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best physical therapy clinic in town ! all the therapist and staff are very knowledgeable and will have you feeling better in no time . the clinic has state of the art equipment and is very clean . i have been a repeat patient here as i am a very active individual and have injured myself a few times and they have me back in action just after a few visits . if you are looking for a clinic who cares about your health and well being this is the place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rob and staff were wonderful ... .i felt better each time and their care and concern were great . i would highly recommend this practice and will make sure i tell dr chow of my great experience here so he can recommend others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was diagnosed with frozen shoulder and had a lot of pain and restrictive movement in my shoulder arm . within 2 months i was pain free , and within 4.5 months i had a huge improvement in my range of motion . the staff ( pt and pt techs ) is very knowledgeable and give great advice in helping to improve week by week . thank you dipt ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a patient of dr. robb blackaby 's for the past couple of months for my lower back pain . he and his staff were able to get me back to feeling like myself again . they taught me the correct way to move in my everyday life . and also great exercises to do at home or the gym to help prevent future episodes with my back . invaluable ! thanks dr. robb & staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "five stars are not enough for rob and staff at dipt . i was referred to rob for hip and gluteal pain .with rob 's expertise , i have gained strength , ease of the pain and a greater understanding of how to manage on my own . he is extremely knowledge , easy to work with and has a gift in his work . i highly recommend rob and his staff for any type of rehab .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at the age of 29 , i underwent a l4-5 fixation surgery . i came to robb at dipt after receiving treatments from 6 physical therapists during a 18-month period following my surgery . i was frustrated with my recovery progress and talked to robb about my desire to be pain free and have an active life again . for 3 months , robb treated me with manual therapy and a exercise program . today i 'm feeling much more confident about my body and myself . i have started having fun in life ( hiking with friends ; travelling with my husband in the country and internationally ) . i never thought i would be able to accomplish this much ! dipt is also fun . the staff sees me as a friend , but not a patient . they really cheered up my spirits ! if i could do it again , i would choose dipt first after my surgery -- it would have saved me so much time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dipt deserves a ten star rating . from start to finish , beginning with judie at the front desk who is an absolutely master at scheduling your appointment , to dave , who is the very best physical therapist i have ever worked with , to joey , who is the master at getting you to stretch , work and build the area that needs work , everyone at dipt is world-class . whether you need to rebuild an area from a work , sports , or long-term injury , dipt is the first and only physical therapy facility to go to . i recommend dipt without question .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything at dipt was top notch . from scheduling to direct therapy to the guidance of exercises , all of the staff was helpful , friendly and encouraging . this being my first surgery and physical therapy experience , i did n't know what was involved , but the care was more than i could have expected . dave was a great therapist and pushed me to get back to being active after acl surgery . i hope i do n't need the services of dipt again , but if i do , there is no doubt this is where i will be !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great shop , great people , excellent selection of high end e-liquids that a customer can sample before buying ! a fun place to hang out , meet new friends , learn about vaping , building hardware and coils , buy sell trade mods , or stop in to watch a movie or football game ! definitely a go to destination to see unique and hard to find vaping equipment ! thanks for an awesome experience every time i come in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never dealt with so much attitude from employees before . i felt like i was a serious inconvenience to them for having the audacity to come in wanting to spend money . after standing at the counter for like 5 minutes i get a sigh and an eye roll before the employee shuts his computer in the lounge area and comes over to help me . i 'm sorry i offended you with my business , do n't worry , it wo n't happen again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great shop with a great selection of premium juice . staff is very helpful , and answered every stupid question with honest answers . highly recommended and only reason it 's not 5 stars is lack of inventory and selection . do n't get me wrong , they have a lot of the stuff i want , and it looks like the business is growing , but it 's not chock full of stuff i 've seen in other shops outside of phoenix . compared to some of the other shops in phoenix and tucson that i 've been to , this place drops the knowledge like no other . i was looking for a place where i could grow my addiction to vapor and these guys know their stuff . some of the other shops in town are just slinging low quality juice and is staffed by ignorant juice peddlers . if you 're serious about vaping , and are done with your ego battery , head on over to az vape club for some serious clouds .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently attended a very special charity meeting there . jdrf hosted the annual chapter board meeting in the space . the room was beautiful and perfectly set up . there was a bar station and a food station , both were wonderful . there are a lot of unique very hip and unique touches . the draping and lighting were elegant and added a dramatic touch . alexis and josh were on hand and saw to it that our event went smoothly . it was flawless.the tables were gorgeous with lovely flowers . the space can be hip or elegant or a bit of both . i had previously attended an event there and it looked very different . it 's a very cool space . everything was handled with ease by the professional team . it is a great place to host a party and or a meeting . it 's a great location with plenty of parking . the building is very cool and can be transformed to suit your needs . they did a great job for us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the industrial has all of the assets that any event will need . a great location right off the strip . anything that you want to host is possible with the completely open and flexible floor plan . if you are looking for an outstanding place to let your creative side of party planning run free the industrial is the place to check out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they sell baklava ! and they were really yummy . i ca n't say much more than that . $ 2.50 for a large triangle slice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my favourite of all the ali baba 's in the city . i think it 's one of their better locations . i only ever get shawarmas and falafels here . i sometimes think about trying something new , but i love shawarmas and falafels . these guys make them really well . all the vegetables that end up in your wrap are really fresh . they deep fry the falafel 's right when you order , which is another key to a tasty falafel . the prices are quite cheap , and they have all sorts of daily deals . if you are in the area and want something quick and good , this place is all win .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have eaten here a few times i fail to see the big deal about this ali baba 's location . to start , the food is n't even that good . my shawarma lacked chicken and when i finally got a piece it was dry . that was n't my biggest concern . my concern was how unclean this place was ! tables were dirty , funky smell , dusty area near my table , and some questionable chairs . i also found the giant colourful kleenex tissue boxes on the tables weird .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first of i do n't know if this location ever closes , all i know is any time past midnight , usually on a weekend , this place is open . there is nothing more pleasing to my tummy then their shawarmas . the staff is friendly , even at those hours . seriously at any other fast food joint for the late night hours i never seem to get any sort of decent service , but then i do n't complain because not everyone is a night hawk . but i never seem to have that issue at this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favourite fast food joint . great specials , friendly service , always tasty . and yeah , he pickled turnips are worth the shout out ; it 's sad when there is a shortage and they are not in the condiment rack .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i were dogsitting for friends and my wife grabbed dinner on the way . i had a traditional falafel and she had the dinner . mine was yummy and hers was very good too and huge , she could n't finish it . my wife said the person that served her was super friendly and made the food fast . one thing that my wife mentioned that i love is the guy that served her did n't look at her her like she had two heads for asking for extra condiments . a+ in my book because it 's all about the lubes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great prices ( especially their daily specials ) , consistent quality food and they seem to always be open .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is subpar and rarely fresh . thr only thing that is good is the hummus which i was lucky to see squeezed out of a bag into the contaoner which contained old crusty hummus . hygiene is not a priority here and thr establishment is dirty . will not be eating here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't know what the big deal is here , they barely put any meat in the shawarmas . i 'm getting tired of these shawarma places that rely on the franchise name for business cuz that 's how we get tricked into thinking it 's gon na be worth it . the fundamental flaw with this place is , yeah , their ingredients taste good , but what does it matter when the whole shawarma is loaded with lettuce to hide the fact that you only got four chunks of meat ? we all know that stingy businesses are probably cutting back on other things like hand soap for employees and diluting soft drinks . i ate with two other people who liked their shawarmas in the beginning , but shortly after they realized how much meat there was n't and changed their minds . we only went cuz chitos was closed and you blew it ! you get no love ali baba . 3 stars !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wo n't add a star , but if i could add 1 2 i certainly would ! why ? oh , heavenly chickpea-patty in a pita with pickled turnip , that 's why ! popped in the other day and , lo ' and behold , pickled turnip right next to the pink shredded cabbage . guy behind the counter seemed very proud that it was there . maybe they read my review and said to themselves , `` ya ! why do n't we have turnip ! shame on us ! '' . see , yelpers ? it 's all me , baby . you can thank me later . or sooner , if you 're inclined .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheap prices , crappy food . do n't waste your money on this . if you want good food , go to the ali baba on lawrence . no connection to this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the better chinese restaurants in toronto . the food is tasty and fresh . the fish is fantastic as is the lobster . the duck is succulent . i highly recommend the peaking duck here . the peking duck is probably one of the better that i have eaten in toronto . they also have a sticky rice fried rice . normally , i hate sticky rice . but they somehow make this into a fried rice dish which is really good . they also have a lobster fried rice dish which is fantastic . highly recommend this if they have it . i believe it is one of their specials so they may not always have this meal but if you see it , definitely get it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "peaktop exceeds what one would expect from a typical chinese restaurant - aside from rude staffs and mediocre foods , there might be a surprise for you to find . let 's say ... regardless of how many times or how many staff members you ask , everything you ask for will never make it to your table . except for a piece of plastic you might find in your stir fry .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we thought , from the reivews , that it 's a casual bbq place , but it 's much more than that . first , the decor is more upscale than a bbq place , and the menu is much more extensive . mostly hong kong style cantonese dishes , even quite a few dessert items . we tried a few dishes at dinner and it 's pretty decent . bbq ribs and pork is delicious , nice crunchy skin . we ordered the set menu but was able to substitute an item w o much fuss . service is really good and accommodating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here for a family dinner . a whole table of 10 of old , middle and young . the servers were friendly and nice to tables of families like ours ; i supposed we were their bread-and-butter clienteles . the many food items we ordered were cooked well . they tasted authentic cantonese and delicious . we did n't order any expensive seafood dishes , yet the servers changed our eating plates mid dinner , as if this table were high rollers . the portion was decent , so was the services . fair food , fair decoration , fair services and fair prices . a decent and presentable neighbourhood family restaurant . solid 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have not been here for a while , and did n't feel like going to the food court for lunch . what a refreshing experience . their service was very friendly , as they made us feel very welcomed . the deco was thoughtful and nice . we were very impressed with our food , as it is obvious that their wok were very heated to give them that we 'll cooked taste . we will definitely come back as there are lot of dishes we would like to try . they also make their own desert , which are available for take out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have updated their menus , the old staff is still there , amazing bbq duck and pork ! the suckling roasted pig is amazing- i always purchase that at this place and the turnout is always a 5 star from everyone . i highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been coming here for almost two years , and have always been very happy . our order is typical ... peaking duck , hot & sour soup and whatever special our server suggests . the last time was fresh scallops in the shell with xo sauce . very good . the service is typical ( mediocre ) but the manager is a very nice man and always greets us with `` welcome back my friend '' . peaktop is always on the list for my visiting family from geneva and philidelphia . prices are reasonable and food is good ! we typically visit the markham location and are usually the only non-asian table . we always enjoy , and for the life of me , not sure of the whining from the other reviewers . reviewed in the globe and mail as top peking duck .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "please do n't come for afternoon tea . food quality is horrible . the cook and the servers do not know basic food concept . even as simple as fried chicken thigh , a normal person can do better than this . basically you can eat the oily batter and that it . also , bad attitude from server , rushing customers to take order without giving them enough time to read the menu , but there was only one table in the restaurant . also , who would bring a spoon for noodle spaghetti ? duh ... .. never come back to this restaurant . total disappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible food and dining experience here . token chinese restaurant in a non-asian area . located in the plazas outside of vaughan mills shopping mall . no competitor in the area so they can get away with serving things that their usual customers of ( non chinese background ) would have no idea how it should taste . avoid", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the place has an amazing service , i was treated really well ... the only but is the peaking duck , where they do n't slice it i front of you , who knows when the duck was : s.. they have another location in vaughan and that one is way better", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here with a large group for an early christmas holiday dinner . we got set course duck meal and bunch of dishes to share . the food was n't too bad it was overall a good experience . a good try but not sure if i will return . food : 3 5 , the duck was moist but did n't seem like there was enough for everyone . we got two plus 6 extra dishes service : 2 5 , they did n't come often even though they were n't that busy to refill the wraps and other orders . we started our dinner a bit late and i got this uncomfortable feeling that they wanted us to eat fast and leave . they said there was another reservation but there were multiple empty tables . ambience : 3 5 , typical chinese restaurant decor ; somewhat claustrophobic with chairs and tables close to each other that you have to squeeze in often for the waiters to pass by . price : 3 5 , average price ; around 20-30 per person . there are cheaper chinese restaurants around if you believe chinese food should be cheaper .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my goto places to eat chinese are at asian legend and congee queen . i wanted to try a new place . google gave it 3.8 5 stars and facebook 4.9 5 . my fiance and a friend accompanied me on a sunday afternoon for lunch . the food at this place has been the worst chinese food since i 've lived here for 18 months . i can only recall that i ordered rice and an entree of soya chicken and char su pork . like a previous reviewer , i didnt find the rice fresh . the tea was not very good . the chicken and char su were nothing special . i ca n't recall my fiancee 's or friend 's dishes but they agreed that we wouldnt be coming back . on the plus side , i can say that the wait staff was attentive that day .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't think they worst even a star i went there for lunch friend order lunch special for 2 , the picture menu look really nice and dishes big . unforturnately , the outcome were surprisely small and rubbish ! it charged almost cad30 included tax in cash ! i believe most of people go there just one time off ! or you want to see how worst it is , you may try once . i trust , you are just putting you money into garage ! not worth even a star ! so i put no star !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "1 5 service : horrible service here from waiter to manager to store owner . waitress was unprepared for order and seems unknowledgable with anything ( including how to write ) . rude , attitude , and hypocrite with their own words . 4 5 food : aside from unfriendly staff , i got to say their peaking duck was fairly amazing . skin was crisp and not fattening . the duck was meaty , juicy and flavorful . this restaurant is on a pricy side yet with this price i think they had the best peaking duck in markham .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love their five assorted bbq item on rice ( `` 5 goodies rice '' ) lunch special on tuesday . $ 5.99 only , best value in town , beating a mcd combo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i rarely do reviews but charlie did such an incredible job at my house , i just had to write about it ! he hung many various large and heavy items on my walls with absolute perfection ! he worked quickly and is the best price in town ! thank you so much for a wonderful job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charlie installed a fan for me . he did a great job . he is very skillful and courteous . i have other work that needs to be done and i plan on using him again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had been looking for someone to hand wash our cars . we found charlie on our community fb page . he is very prompt and conscientious . charlie does an outstanding job and his prices are extremely affordable . i 've seen pictures of other projects that he has completed and am very impressed with the professional results . if you 're looking for a handy man this is your guy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charlie detailed both our vehicles today and did an amazing job ! he responded quickly and was great working around our schedule .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charlie just hung 3 large tv 's ( with wires hidden in wall ) in our house along with a gigantic heavy trophy dinosaur head ( lol do n't ask ) in my son 's bedroom . he did an amazing job and left the area immaculate . kind , courteous , quick and just a great guy . we are looking forward to having him hang some ceiling fan lights , shelving in our garage and some wood accents on a wall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw that white pickup go down our street and said i need that guy ! called , setup an appointment and charlie was at the house promptly . charlie has a `` can do '' attitude , very professional , courteous and does outstanding work . inside outside charlie can do it all . i would definitely recommend charlie and look forward to future projects .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charlie did a fantastic job cleaning our windows inside and out and is very reasonably priced . i will be using him again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm kinda sick of `` trendy '' , `` hip '' , `` edgy '' bars ... since they infest every corner of nyc . but ... this spot is quite dope ... .empirically . and the patrons are totally different from the banal detritus found in nyc lounges . smooth cocktails and great atmosphere . hit it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the positives of this hotel : 1 . good location 2 . modern and stylish 3 . great restaurant with fantastic deals on steaks on tuesdays the not-so good : 1 . there was a very unfriendly manager fill in while we were there . had a very matter-of-fact attitude 2 . the bathroom soaps shampoo lotions smelled very musky obviously tailored more towards men than woman 3 . the layout was a bit strange and not functional . also , they lock the doors at night so we had to knock and wait for someone to open the door to let us in . overall , our stay was mediocre .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was slighly dubious about this change from the hudson wine bar as i never really thought their was anything wrong with it as it was ! however i have to give it 10 10 on making the new angels share a success ! serve can not be faulted and the last time we were there ( during the busy festival ) we got a seat relatively easy and serve was faultless . the set lunch menu was tasty x cocktail are great , although i do think they could have a few more on the drinks menu to choose from and i love the chandilers ! a fab place for drinks with friends or a yummy lunch . great location too , well done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've read some mixed reviews about this place so i wanted to try it for myself . k & i decided to try their lunch offer . 2 course lunch & a cocktail for \u00a315 through 5pm.co.uk . we both had the pink gin fizz cocktail which was lovely . it was a generous serving in a tall glass with fresh raspberries muddled through it . so good we ordered a second ! food wise , i had the mussels in a bloody mary sauce to start . it was a generous serving of very plump mussels with some crusty bread to mop up the sauce . k had the bruschetta . it was a generous portion too & we scoffed the lot . for main i tried the salmon served with herb couscous & k had the chicken stuffed with haggis . both portions were a decent size & full of flavour . i 'd definitely go back . the service was good too . we were through in the restaurant rather than the bar area so next time i 'll try the bar & see how it compares .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved this place when it was the hudson and i was so intrigued to see what had been done to it with the new angels share . the d\u00e9cor is opulent and it really has a nice vibe to it . i was here for afternoon tea and was using a voucher site deal to get it at a better cost . my pre-arranged veggie option sandwiches did n't arrive but the chef quickly made some up for me . they were the best part of it as the scones were dry and seemed like yesterdays batch and there was no choice of tea menu , just english breakfast . the afternoon tea came with a cocktail which was beautiful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for a drink and was nice escape from all the noise and crowds . really great cocktails and cute decor . would recommend for drink . did n't try the food so ca n't comment on that", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for our first meal out in edinburgh . it was a friday night , happy hour was flowing and the staff somehow managed to seat 7 of us who just walked in off the street ! inside and outside the restaurant was absolutely beautiful and i 'd of loved to of spent the night here , unfortunately couple of the girls we were with did n't drink and wanted to go elsewhere ( back to the hotel -_- ) the food was great quality and decently priced as with the drinks ! ! there was such a wide selection for both it really did take some time to decide what i wanted ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just got here on a whim tonight after having `` hopped '' to a few places . two standout items on the menu are their mac and cheese and the haggis stuffed mushrooms ( yes , believe it or not ) ! ! there were 4 other things we wanted to try ( venison , pork belly , fish and chips ! ) but just did n't have the room . live music playing and dim lights make this a super comfy place to just hang with your bestie or hubby . now for dessert ? me thinks an espresso martini is in order !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a big disappointment ... hotel recommended and confirmed reservation for booth seat . we showed up and they had no reservation and no booths . even argued with us as to whether we had a reservation and said the do n't reserve tables . life is too short to deal with bad customer service . we took our business elsewhere and we encourage others to go to places care about their customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "serious communication issue ! ! ! after kitchen closed was told we could bring in food and relax with drinks ! ! ! ! well completely wrong and when confirmed by several employees and we told them we actually were staying here ... .worse attitude ! ! ! one employee said no problem so we purchased with money fries only to be told no ! ! ! ! be aware ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! after spending 2000 pounds , yes pounds in rooms treated like homeless people ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "angel 's share is a term that refers to that small percentage of whisky that evaporates during barrel aging . this joint is n't necessarily a whisky bar in appearance but it 's still a fine place to hang out and they 're open for breakfast . atmosphere is on the glam side with crystal chandeliers and parisian looking decor . an interesting atmo to have breakfast in , but we did and it was quite nice . their vegetarian full english breakfast is a good deal and delicious . never seen veggie sausage made of carrots and zucchini before and this was deep fried ... delish ! if you 're staying at the caledonian ( aka the cally ) instead of paying $ 50 for breakfast , try angels share just across the street .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a very nicely done pub in edinburgh . i had a portobello mushroom burger and my wife had the salmon appetizer . my daughter had the bangers and mash . all the food was excellently prepared & the specualty cocktails were also delicious . definitely a must do when you visit edinburgh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was here two weeks ago for their tuesday night stake deal . it was lovely . two ribeye stakes and a bottle of wine for \u00a345 . i do n't usual have dissert when out but these looked too good to miss and they did n't dissapoint ! the dram and choc mouse was fabby a must try when you go : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely decor , decent wine , and a live band on a friday night playing a pretty good selection of tunes . a few hours can pass by fairly quickly here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great modern and stylish bar , great friendly staff , amazing cocktails ... .. and we were quite surprised to find that the 2 courses for \u00a310 menu was ... . deliciously tasty ... .. ended up spending most of the evening here with friends , feeling really comfortable and relaxed ... ... recommended 100 % xx", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the kitchen is open late ... food is fabulous ! try the beetroot salad ! ! beer is good ... and it 's nice and cozy and they play a great next to music ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "asked the concierge at the waldorf caledonia for a recommendation . when he suggested angel 's share , i was reluctant thinking he might be leading me to a local 'tourist trap ' . however , i went ahead on my adventure . lunch special offered for $ 12 bps 2 entrees ! terrific value . as a single female , i 'm quite cautious of venues that might be for 'the tourists ' - this is not it . my waiter was a bit stand-offish and rather perfunctory , but he carried out his tasks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "concierge at walforf recommended for lunch . i was a bit unenthusiastic as it was so close , assuming it would be touristy . as they had a special 2 course lunch for 10 quid , thoughts of the turistica menus in rome came to mind . nothing could have been further from the case . food was excellent . had fof starters a lentil bean soup and a smoked mackeral salad . entrees of fish cakes and broiled chicken breast over hagis mashed potatoes were superb . atomsphere is very relaxed with great decor . would come back in a heartbeat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a delightful place on the edge of new town . easy walking distance to everything in edinburgh . recently renovated and the rooms are ideal . the bus from the airport drops you off across the street and picks you up at the corner . perfect . the rooms were clean and decorated with british actor themes . bed was ultra comfy . bathroom was brand new and very modern . internet was crucial and this hotel had it . very charming staff that took care of our every need . i would recommend this place to anyone going to edinburgh . it was awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so found myself having dinner here last night and you know what it was pretty good . to be fair i did n't have high expectations but yeah for what it is it was really good . with some friends we shared the sharing platter that came with chicken wings , calamari and chorizo ! all tasty and plentiful . for main i went for the chicken burger , the chips were a bit sparse but tasty as were the onion rings . the burger was a full filet with a nice seasoning and mozzarella . it was good ! ! a surprise twist to the evening was the great live band that came on ! great tunes which lead to a bit of dancing . all in all a surprisingly good meal at a very fair price . the angels shares has earned the right to be called jd recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were wandering through the city and havent booked anything ( would recommend booking in st george street esp . on 30th of dec ; ) ) but however we got lucky and found angels share and got a table for two . the service team was really friendly and well organized . the bartender made me a cocktail just from knowing my favorites . result : amazing ( expensive 14\u00a3 ) cocktail with strawberry and brandy and lime . my bf had a oldfashioned , also great bourbon drink . for the main we have chosen the haggis to share ( it was reallly nice made , he loved it and my first time to try , just not my cup of tea ; ) ) but nicely presented ! ! mains : ceasar salad and a lamb . cant say anything negative ! would go there again . just be aware its gon na be busy and expensive", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so glad we met a friend for drinks here on our first night in edinburgh because it gave us a chance to come back . it 's that good . i entered a euphoric state eating the mac and cheese and the salmon was delicious as well . the rocket and parmesan salad is another winner . this place is a must-go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my sisters closet and now they have a thrift store ! even better , all profits are donated to non-profits in our community ! i posted a picture of the list of where proceeds go . i was on my way to goodwill in search of some home items when i had recalled reading about my sisters charities thrift store in the local paper . i had been meaning to check it out . the place was clean and organized . it 's a small place so it was n't overwhelming or daunting to shop . i had to check the clothing items ( not what i was there for but the shoes and dresses were calling me ) found many name brand items . by the time i checked out i had 4 dresses , pair of shorts , earrings , and a pretty green ceramic vase all for less than $ 40 . this place has won my business . sorry goodwill , you 've been replaced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend and i walked down to get take out one day . $ 12.99 for 2 pounds of wings sounded like a great deal until we saw their definition of 2 pounds . souvlaki dinner was ok . i 'd try their thursday ( thursday , if i recall correctly ) rib special ... if i was within 5 minutes of the place and had no better alternatives in mind .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dingy on the inside and out . i 've tried time and time again to like occasions but i ca n't . the food is mediocre at best . i had a french onion soup there that had no name croutons and tasted of salt and msg . the standard bar style food . the wait staff a lot of the time are busy tending to their own children that and being babysat by a plate of fries in the booth near the service station the wait for everything is terrible , my main reason that i do n't eat here anymore is the 30-40 min turnaround on a meal . seriously if it 's going to take you that long to cook it better taste of ambrosia and come with a happy ending . to sum it up , i do n't like it , but i gave it a fair try .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "still dingy on the outside . after an initial first bad experience , the food quality has increased . eggs benny to greek .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great little neighborhood secret . a old school family restaurant , they have a huge menu that varies from liver & onions to soulvaki . the brunch is really good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wo n't be able to fit in ( or bore you with ) all of the facts as to why this place is the best . my fiance has been coming here for over 10 years and i have been coming here for about 8 . the service is awesome , the food is great and the atmosphere is perfect for a casual and relaxing meal . anyone who complains about the food should eat here more then once . and if you have and still do n't like it then it 's just not for you so stop trying . i have had countless meals from here and have enjoyed every single one . i usually get the same 3 things so that may be why . buffalo chicken salad is the best next to their ribs . oh my gosh the ribs are so good . the breakfast is also great . it is n't fancy which is why it 's so great . it is like what you would cook at home only 10x better . plus the prices are hard to beat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried the restaurant for the first time . soup was tasty and bbq ribs were very good and portion big . definitely recommend the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not just greek . the food is great and the prices fair . the o 's staff is super friendly and the bosses most accommodating . the ca n't go wrong here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a really great family restaurant . i had the lasagna and the portion was huge and covered in a sea of melted cheese for $ 13 . it came with a couple big hunks of garlic bread and a caesar salad . the service was fast and friendly . the server had a lot of personality . the menu had greek , italian , and pub fare , there really seems to be something for every taste . i 'll definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for a friend 's party the other night . i like the general atmosphere , its not too bright unlike some places i have been to , the servers are friendly , and you get a decent sized portion of great-tasting food . yay ! just a side note , i had the chicken souvlaki dinner , and the rice that was served with it was amazing ! i would recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like this restaurant , the price is fair and dishes are really well portion , you definitely will be full and the most important is that it is tasty . i ordered the classic 12 oz burger to go with fries and it was savory and juicy ! you may say this place is similar to all the diner bar restaurant around the neighborhood , but trust me , occasions restaurant is more delicious and fair for the price you pay . lastly , there are various choices in the menu . it may take a long time for you to try everything and they have daily specials . in conclusion , it is good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok - so it looks a little dingy from the outside and there are usually a few `` interesting '' characters mingling about on the street corner . the food is usually mediocre , but the starters are pretty decent . their wings are actually pretty decent and beer is cheap ! however , if you are looking for a good greasy spoon breakfast joint to cure the weekend hangover - this is your place !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have amazing ribs , wings and service . it is a hole in the wall . prices are reasonable and i love it here . do n't be detoured from the outside . it is a lovely homely place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good tzatziki and home fries and benedict . good prices : ) i like the souvlaki dinner , it 's simple but you get a ton of food . service is always really good", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so nice to have a great place to eat just around the corner from my home . the ribs are to die for ! but all the food is great and the staff is so friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "myself and the gf have gone here on few occasions and the food was good ... but our last visit last night was the absolute worst ... had fish and chips and wow ... fish was over cooked mush ... fries were horrible and both looked like they been in the deep fryer way too long ... gf had a greek salad and even she could not finish due to horribly put together ... they have definitely lost our business ... get a new cook cuz the one they got now would n't cut it on bar rescue lol he sucks ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife and i recieved our mattress yesterday . we were split between an r & s mattress and our mattress from mattress firm . we returned to john ruiz and he helped us get a complete breakdown between the two mattresses . john was extremely helpful and gave us an amazing deal . mattress firm truly is all about saving money and sleeping happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i have been on search for great mattress and home store to store but came here and got great help from chase he was ale to explain to us all the different options as well as difference between all the different types of beds and help us make our correct decision that meet our needs he was very patient professional and knowledgeable . and we did not feel like he was selling us something we did not want or need or push us in direction of most expensive bed just to make a sell . we got our bed the very next day and this young man named martin was very professional and respectful young man and set up our bed quickly . in all our experience here was great differently would recommend we plan to return to purchase another bed for another room soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place ! michael was fantastic ! and jason too . i first spoke to michael on the phone , then went into the store . wonderful service , and professionalism . i 've called around several other stores and i am completely certain i made the rite choice by prushasing all 3 matteresses from michael . thank you michael ! i will definitely tell my friends and family about your great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yesterday my husband and i came into look for a bed and im pretty picky about beds my husband isnt he kinda just wants me happy and brandyn and paige made sure i left happy we laid on a few different beds but i knew right away what i wanted and they made sure it happend i could n't afford it yesterday but ill defiantly be coming back for my coconut pillows loved it ! ill be going back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in to mattress firm looking did n't know what i wanted raymond asked some questions showed me different beds brought my husband back in he hates sales men but raymond there was no pressure he was interested in finding out our needs and we picked a bed my husband really like how he know so much about the beds and showed us different ones so we could find the one that works for us", "score": "5"}
{"review": "daniel was so very helpful . we had to make a quick purchase for a temporary situation and he made it painless . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the crowd is not my scene , but they make a strong yet decent tasting long island . the main draw for me was competitive foosball almost any night of the week . its been a few years though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst customer service ever ! my fiance took 2 straws to put in my drink and this dumb bartender kicks him out for no reason ! worst customer service and bartender with the bald head and glasses ever ! i highly do not recommend this place . there 's better places that can gladly take your business", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not go here.. ok , i warned you . good thing you blacked out for the broken glass in the toilets , the sinks that turn into urinals , etc etc . but was n't the foosball game you played at 1 am a lot of fun ? and are n't you still trying to figure out what were in those mason jars ? no , they were definitely bigger than pints jars . those were quart jars ... . and your hangover is bad enough that you may never go near those tomatoes you canned last summer . there is a covered wagon , oregon-trail-style , over the door . real western . ever seen hbo 's deadwood ? you 're lucky to leave deadwood 's tavern alive . same goes for the red shed . do not go here . ( i ca n't wait to go back )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "oh the red shed . i first came here in my early twenties and now frequent this establishment for pre-game drinks before badger basketball games . this is normally just a stop in , have a few drinks and then head out to a game . grab a long island while our there and do n't forget your cash . no plastic . service has always been great here whether it 's 11 a.m. on a saturday morning or 7 p.m. on a friday night . you can park right next door in the ramp .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been going here a lot ( pretty much a regular you could say . ) it 's a good place to include in your bar hopping plans . wandos too busy ? fooseball taken at vintage ? swing by red shed . it 's also one of the few bars you can actually have a conversation at some nights . one of my minor complaints is the jukebox . if there is no songs playing..it 's just that -- quiet . and at certain points in the night , you can hear a pin drop . lines for the bathroom is sometimes annoying and i 've felt really bad for the ladies here who have sometimes waited 30 minutes before the line moved one person : p", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the entire place smells like a bathroom . if they could remedy that with a constant flow of fresh oxygen , then one 's mind could open to discover the joys of bar games and mason jar long islands .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ca n't get enough of this place even though every day after i go to this place is filled with a terrible hangover . the long island iced teas are hands down the best in madison . they 're 7 dollars and in a mason jar . they are dangerous . do n't come to this bar too hammered and order one and do n't have more than one on any occasion . as far as the dirty bathrooms go i have n't really noticed - always been too drunk at that point to care . the red shed is a must visit in madison .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the red shed . went their a few times this weekend ... .boy do they have great drink specials . monday night we got $ 1.50 top shelf mixers . what a bargain . we walked in and got seats right at the bar . the next night we stopped by for 1 2 price pints of beer . we had 2 pints of good beer for $ 3.75 . so i was in town 2 nights & hit this place both nights . i have to admit i 'm bias since my dad loved this place & use to take me there 30+ years ago when i was a kid . they use to have great food , but they do n't serve food anymore . i 'd give it 5 stars if the bathrooms were not so disgusting ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "booked a basic wedding package . roughly 1200~ the pictures were.. well meh . i got about 1000 on a disc , with no post production , or even 'highlight ' photos that have been run through photoshop lightroom aperture etc . looked like not much effort was put into them . none of the pictures really resembled anything i seen on the website or portfolio shots of the photogrpher . i was pretty disappointed overall . i would of booked with a different company if i knew in advance how things would of turned out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "piper studios provided us with outstanding service and truly lives up to its superb reputation . they were recommended to us by a couple who used their services 20 years ago and it seems like the quality of work continues to stay true . we had the pleasure of working with our photographer , julia . she was extremely professional and made to capture many memorable shots . julia was well organized , listened to our requests , and was very enjoyable to be around throughout our special day . we were pleasantly surprised by how quickly we received our edited photos ( both online and via usb ) . we were also very happy with the picture quality and have received many compliments with regards to our wedding photos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did n't want to give them even one star . everything went fine when we first booked the package . but the actual work was `` ok '' . the editing on the photos for the final album were blurry . it looked as though it was done by a student . not at all worth the inflated cost . staff and admin changed several times . there is a sloppy , unprofessional , hippy that works there by the name of lee . she is especially incompetent . cd 's got misplaced and took months to relocate . not a professional business by any means . father and daughter dance was not captured on film along with other special moments . i would urge whomever is thinking of going with this company to go somewhere else ! i have seen work from amateurs , which cost a lot less than what we paid , that turned out amazing . choosing piper studios for my wedding is still a huge regret for me . horrible experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "zero ! i give this studio zero stars ! they are completely unprofessional . first , they tried to scam me for $ 200 to go to the location i wanted ( which was in my travel limit in our contract ) for my engagement shoot . that made me angry and request someone else . then , for our second engagement shoot the pictures are atrocious . i sent them to a new photographer and they are `` appalled that a studio that has been around so long does such amateur work '' . i want my $ 500 deposit back . they are truly horrible people there . save yourself the disappointment working with this place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jason is the myopractor to go to ! having been to multiple chiropractors myopractors previously , i 've experienced good ones and bad ones . i feel that jason deserves a five star review because he literally fixed my issues either two treatments `` my left knee and lower back '' and i do n't feel like i 'm in pain the entire day like `` i 've had bad experiences before with chiropractors myopractors before '' . these injuries issues that i 've dealt with came from doing sports in college and not getting adjusted . he 's been able to answer my questions , gives me homework `` proper stretches '' to do also . i go every two weeks and i really really recommend him to anyone experiencing joint or muscle pain ... plus it 's extremely affordable in my opinion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've visited jason a few times and he is great ! i had a lot of lower back pain and he was able to adjust me appropriately in order to eliminate the pain . i highly recommend him and his practice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife has been adjusted multiple times at natural motion over the past few years . she has come away very satisfied . i have also had a myropractic session with with jason and i was very impressed at the attention to detail during the session . not just my back felt better after the session but my whole body . i do recommend jason alston with natural motion , not just because of the consistent and positive results , but also for the great customer focus and calm healing demeanor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had never eaten from this neighborhood pizzeria before , but a veteran came to my house selling coupon sheets for this place door-to-door for $ 25 ( with all proceeds going to the freedom house and valor home for veterans . i had my first from meal from here last night and it was amazingly perfect ! the sauce was delicious and the doneness of the subs was exact and on point ! you now have a regular customer , gionino 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first order here- tried 8 piece chicken , jojos , coleslaw and large pepperoni pizza , delivered . told it would be 30 minutes to an hour . 1 hour later , they called to say the driver was just leaving food arrived somewhat warm at best had it come 20 minutes sooner , probably would have given a 4 rating would have picked it up if knew it would sit for 30-40 minutes after it was ready . will give another try , but will probably not go with delivery", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to other gionino 's , but this was my first time at the broadview location . very convenient location near marcos . the customer service is the first thing you 'll notice , they have a young and friendly staff and fast service . the inside is extremely clean and were playing the indians game on three tvs so i just ate there . the took an extra moment to extra check to ensure everything was perfect before serving me . the sausage and pepperoni pizza was excellent and i will most definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is on top of my list for local pizza ! the antipasto salad is a great start before eating a well made pie ! the house dressing ( sold in large bottles ) is a family favorite . the dough is made in house and the ingredients are quality ! i used to frequent the northfield shop , when i was near there . now , this is the place i go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . we ordered delivery for the cavs game and the pizza showed up quickly and was super fresh . i would definitely recommend giving this place a try ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's the bees knees . i love going here anytime i go back home to cleveland , worth the drive from avon lake . maybe they 'll open a new location closer to 44012 ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only is the food amazing so is the staff and it is a great reflection on the owner . he is excited to be a part of the community ! they have had fundraisers for scouts groups , the local mda , the band and several other school organizations - they even give students with good grades pizza coupons . what a great neighbor !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very disappointed . ordered delivery based on their stars . they confirmed they delivered to my hotel . half our later they called back to say they would n't deliver because they just realized they do not deliver to my hotel . only four miles . i would have expected them to still honor the delivery even if the manager had to deliver it himself .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been here a few times since i moved to the desert and they have n't disappointed me yet . today , i came in a panic because my sister had put nair on my eyebrows to clean them up . mind you , she does this all the time and has fabulous brows , so i was n't too afraid . it turned out horrible . i thought i was about to die . `` here lies gem with once on fleek eyebrows '' a few people were ahead of me , but it was n't a long wait . my threader clucked her tongue at the monstrosity and went to fixing the franken-brows . they turned out superb and i outright missed a having a heart attack . i suggest coming in and doing a full face thread . your face is baby butt smooth after . so worth it especially with problem face issues like mine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i needed to get my eyebrows done and had n't made an appointment anywhere , so i found this place through my yelp app and gave it a go . i 'm really happy i did as i received the best results so far from any eyebrow threading place . very easy to find and plenty of parking since it 's located in a decently-sized shopping complex . there was one person ahead of me and it looked like only one worker , so i did have to wait about 5-10 minutes but that was n't a big deal . they have a tv in the lobby that had music videos playing , so it was n't the worst way to kill time by any means . technician was very nice and the process was fast ; prices were n't bad either . definitely want to come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted a change from going to sheila 's eyebrow threading so i decided to go here . i came out with very thin and uneven eyebrows . -.- i told her i wanted a clean up and a little bit of shape to my eyebrows . i regret going here . go to sheila 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my daughter and i like this place . we started coming here when we started looking to move out here , we right we 'd give it a try and have been very pleased . prices are reasonable , the hours are perfect for a busy mom like me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice , clean place . only thing the place could use is some music as it was awkwardly quiet . service was great . i like my brows long and full and she did exactly that- cleaned it and shaped it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best eye brow threading place i 've been too tho they did change the prices a couple months ago .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a new business as far as i believe saw the sign couple weeks ago since i usually get lunch by this area . came in around 1:50 , there was a customer getting her eyebrows done . was greeted by the lady right away . as soon as the customer ahead of me was done she asked me to sit down . the lady working , i think she 's the owner and was super nice . she asked me how i want my brows done which was nice because several places i have been to never asked me . they always just assumed . the lady working was nice and asked me what brought me to the store and i informed her that i usually go to the one by my house but the last time i went i started having pimples on top of my eyebrows ! and she apologizes even if it was n't in her business . she was so professional . she even gave me a stamp card . to get the 10th free . once i was done there were 4 other customers waiting to go next . will definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place really is the best threading around here . it 's by a mother and her daughter who both are amazing at what they do , and extremely nice , genuine people . they work all the time , leave my eyebrows fleeky as always , and do a painless , detailed job . highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been wanting to try threading for a min now just moved to vegas and have to find everything all over again . i live near by and see this place all the time finally walked in and for 10 $ got the best eyebrows ever ! ! ! ! in love i 'll def be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is n't my favorite place to go to to get my eyebrows threaded , but they get the job done . they have changed their prices since i was last here . they used to only charge $ 7 for eyebrows , but they now charge $ 10 . however , they now give you a punch card . after 9 eyebrow threading , the 10th is free . as for the threading itself , the girl i had to day did a great job . but , i have been in this location before and gotten a girl who , in my opinion , does the threading too slow which makes for a painful experience . thankfully she was n't there today .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favorite place to go get my eyebrows threaded . aita is wonderful . she is very detailed and has never disappointed me . i go every two weeks for last couple of years . i would recommend this place to everyone . i 'm so happy that i found her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live two minutes away from this place ( located next to dollar tree ) and she does a pretty good job ! i used to go to shilas , but this place is closer and i still get the same results ! plus , she has a stamp card and on your 10th visit you can get your eyebrows threaded for free ! and no she does not do any waxing , so do not waste your time going in when the sign clearly states `` threading '' lmao .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , affordable , and well done . the owner takes her time to make sure every single hair is out . not to mention i had complements the day i did my eyebrows . looking beautiful : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is hands down the best eyebrow threading place i 've gone too . i am very picky about my eye brows and i have tried both waxing and threading , here in vegas and hawaii and each time i have never left satisfied with other businesses . my boyfriend is also extremely picky with his eyebrows being that he is a barber , but he got it threaded here one day just to try it since he works at the barbershop next door . when he got home he could n't stop talking about how satisfied he was with his eyebrows and he recommended me to try it ! i finally went to get my eyes brows done here and i was soooo happy with them ! they truly take their time and are the nicest people to talk too ! whether you get your eyebrows done by the owner or her daughter , you wo n't leave unhappy . i highly highly recommend this place if you 're looking for quality and great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to several places and for the most part they are all pretty good . this place gets 5 stars due to the fact that they gave me a first time discount and it 's only 7 minutes from my house . reasonable , clean , and friendly . i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well what do i say it 's like the dmv in here . you walk in sign up and wait in one of the many chairs to be called . they were super fast and seemed to do a good job . plus the price is right . but like i said the venue is alittle stale they could definitely warm the place up alittle .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i discovered this place on a trip to dollar tree . they were really courteous and took their time doing my eyebrows , they came out exactly how i liked them and have a great punch-card system . very good , clean , friendly place . when i went in the price was $ 7 , super affordable and the quality of service was like any other place that charges $ 5+ more than this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time coming here as its closer to home ! aita was great ! she was very thorough and detailed on threading my whole face , even offered for me to come in a week or so to , for her to take care of the in grown hairs ! shes awesome ! my face felt very smooth after walking out ! she did my eyebrows every well ! make sure to ask for her when you go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're anything like me trying something new can be terrifying . i was so nervous the entire time i was waiting because i usually go to one place only . i thought i 'd try best eyebrow threading on a trip to the dollar tree and also it 's so close to my apartment . prativa . i hope i spelled her name right . she is so sweet and amazing ! she got my eyebrows exactly how i pictured them ! she 's super detailed and got every and any hair that was out of place ! it was a lot more painful then i remember but it 's been a hot minute so i guess that 's it but that 's my only complaint ! the place is quaint . not to mention only $ 7 cmon you ca n't beat that ! hopefully they do n't raise the prices , ever ! i will be returning and im bringing my friends . thanks prativa ! oh and they have a stamp card ! gtfo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my goodness ! this was a fantastic comedy show . there was a young mc , two opening comedians , all very funny ... and then there was joe ! definitely humor for 18 or over , but their limit is 21 . he was hysterical ! ! ! we left with our cheeks and stomachs hurting we were laughing so hard , ! i highly recommend his show !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not waste your time or money attending this show because it 's dreadful . the night i attended there were 3 amateur comedians that were so bad the audience struggled to laugh . when joe came on stage it was like watching an immature 20yr trapped in a fat 60yo 's body . any audience member within joe 's vision was picked on at their expense . that is the lowest form of humor . i ended up walking out . if i had free tickets for this show i would n't pass them on to anyone . that would be a cruel and unusual punishment . take your hard earned money and spend it somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "comedy is very subjective so it is hard to say everyone will love this show . what i can say is that i do n't laugh out loud very often but joe made me laugh out loud . he does not do a family friendly show which is why there is a age restriction . but i was not offended by his act . joe engages the audience in his act so it is always different . true improv . the warm up comedians were more stand up type acts and they were just ok . but everyone needs to start somewhere . i will be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i too rarely shop at walmart and this has to be one of my all-time least favorites ! this is a neighborhood market and not a super center so only go here if you are in search of groceries , cleaning supplies , or personal care products . i solemnly swore to myself the other night i would never shop at this location again . since moving to the area about five months ago they have had white onions on only two of my visits . white onions are a pretty imperative veggie to have on hand ! they also do not have much diversity in their vegetables ( ie : no basil ) . the bean and legume section is seriously lacking as well . no garbanzo beans ? at least they have a fairly decent liquor , wine , and beer selection , but safeway has much better prices .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for all you walmart haters , the neighborhood stores are clean small and has everything you want from a supermarket . it 's close to my house and cheap to shop . so it 's a win win . also it 's never busy so i never have to wait in line .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do not often shop at walmart , but i was in need of some soap , and cereal . so i just stopped by , it was easy to find , and everything looked pretty clean and organized .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "aside from being a monopoly in the grocery industry , this location is n't bad . it 's a `` neighborhood walmart '' , so it is more like a supermarket rather than a super center . overall , it has a decent selection and competitive prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently took my dog to avro and am very impressed . the vet is awesome . he spent so much time talking to me and explained things very well . he is very gentile and a very nice man . good staff . great clinic . i had my dog 's file transferred from our regular clinic and will go to avro from now on . this clinic was referred to me from a friend and i am so happy i tried it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good vet , and the staff is great . we brought our 13 year old dog there on several occasions for check up and treatment , very friendly and knowledgeable as well as compassionate and caring . i highly recommend them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have a small long haired chihuahua , he loves dr. mehr and is always happy to visit ! location i like because i go to vaughan mills until my puppy appointment finish , then back home to richmond hill . i believe the price is equal to others or even less , and quality of care is excellent . very happy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not been to the physical location but ordered online . therefore , my review is for the online shopping experience . the website is very basic and dated but it is easy to find what you are looking for . for us , it was a hard-to-find metal standalone barrier superyard . checkout was simple and easy and the product arrived within days . sears had a similar unit for $ 10 cheaper but i already knew it would likely be next year before i receive anything from them so i decided to give these folks a chance and i am glad i did . also , shippong was free !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've yet to go to the store but the online shopping experience has been good . prices are very competitive and the selection is very good . i 'd like to see more selection like the skiphop chevron floor tiles or the keekaroo changer pad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our last visit there was a quite saturday , not much customers in the store , and we were able to find all we need at cheaper price without any assistance from any of the staffs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have taken our jack russell mix here twice for grooming . they are awesome ! ! grooming is awesome & pricing is great ! ! ! i recommend this little `` hole in wall '' ! ! clean & easy to get an appointment !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice lady working at the desk . super friendly , sweet , and knew a lot about dogs . brought my mini dachshund in for a basic wash . very satisified with the service and work . the groomer cares about my dogs like her own , which hang out at the shop with her . clean , nice place with self wash as well . basically , i wouldve brought my dog back if she wouldnt have passive-agressively lectured me on being late . im new to vegas and i couldnt find your place , sorry lady !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went here to use their do it yourself dog wash stations and i 'll be going back every month . for just ten bucks it definitely beats trying to do it at home ! they provide all of the shampoo and conditioner , brushes and tools - and the best part is having a dryer to use . i have a big dog that does n't need grooming at all ... just a regular bath . doing it at home takes forever , i end up with water and dog hair everywhere and a wet dog that takes hours to dry . the doggy wash is a great idea that i will definitely recommend to others !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best quality sushi meals i 've ever had ! the quality of the food is unlike anything i 've had so far . the decor is very cozy and intimate . it has such a nice atmosphere . if not for groupon we might have never gotten to discover this jewel . the miso soup was great . the texture and quality of the sashimi is on a different level than most other `` sushi '' restaurants . the blue ocean roll was incredible as was the spicy rainbow roll . park along the street just north of the restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing presentation and quality . one of my new favourites ! i like to think you can judge a sushi bar by its chirashi and the chirashi here was definitely not a disappointment . highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visits 5+ ( lunch visits ) i would n't consider this establishment to be highend . it 's a small family owner resto providing fresh japanese cuisine . the decor is trendy and warming to customers . i 've been to numerious japanese restaurants in my time and by comparison , this is one of the freshiest . not to take anything away from guu , yang 's teppanyaki , ematei . my quick lunch picks : spicy tuna maki spicy salmon maki spider roll i would love to try this place for dinner , so i can update this review . stay tuned .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if it was based off of the food alone , this place would easily receive 4-5 stars . the problem with this restaurant lies in the management and services . we had to wait around 35 minutes after we ordered to find out that what we ordered was not available . of course we were not impressed and talked to the owner , who was extremely rude and full of attitude . by the time we were done with her , she had ruined everyone 's mood . the waitresses were very nice but we could not stand the owner . we will probably never come back to this restaurant . another thing is that they do not accept credit cards , which is a huge inconvinience . they need to update their profile here as to not confuse the customers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to get some sashimi take out last week , probably wo n't be going back . although it was only a take out oder but the server was absolutely friendly and attentive , so this part was ok . however the selection was limited , we heard some really good thing about this place that they carry some special fish , but they only had the most ordinary ones . the sashimi was fresh but can be only rated as ok among what we have had . we ordered the assorted sashimi a , $ 22 for 15 pcs . what we had in that dish were : 3 pcs of salmon , 2 pcs of white and red tuna , butter fish , hirame , hamachi , scallop . to be honest , i can get the same level of freshness ( or even better ) from sushi garden paying much less than this . with the price range here , if you are looking for some good , special fish , i 'd truly recommend jabistro . in one word , not bad , but nothing special at all as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ich brauche eine komplette neue wohnungseinrichtung . alles au\u00dfer k\u00fcche . habe mich also bei whos perfect in stuttgart umgesehen . was die sitzm\u00f6bel betrifft : bequem ist was anderes . optisch zwar sch\u00f6n , aber ich m\u00f6chte meine wohnung auch richtig bewohnen und nicht nur ansehen . ich m\u00f6chte sch\u00f6ne und bequeme m\u00f6bel sofas . beratung fehlanzeige . da stehen die berater hinter der theke wie festgewachsen und schauen einen an als w\u00fcrde man st\u00f6ren . arroganter geht nicht . man wird nach seinem aussehen bewertet . auf die idee , dass man auch bei nicht verk\u00e4ufergef\u00e4lligem aussehen viel geld ausgeben k\u00f6nnte und w\u00fcrde , kommen diese leute gar nicht . also habe ich nach 15 minuten den laden verlassen und werde ihn k\u00fcnftig auch meiden .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "consonant is a gem of a store , and their products are fantastic . all natural ( or as much as possible at least ) , great scents , beautiful and witty packaging ... what 's not to like . they are just over a year old brand which is even more impressive . their line is still small but always growing , and i hear they are releasing a great spf face cream in the next couple weeks . the staff is incredibly knowledgable and very passionate about their products . and everything is made here is toronto . i love that i can go to one store and get all i need from body lotion to face wash , and i 'll get the same great quality and not be confused by a thousand different brands . plus once you 've tried their clay exfoliating soap bar , you 'll never go back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was introduced to consonant by a friend and have never contemplated using anything else since . local business , natural , un scented lightly scented , professional quality , and not crazy expensive ... what 's not to like ! `` gateway drug '' is their cleansing face wash ... i 'd get that first . the alkalizing deodorant is also amazing ( and actually works , gasp ) . the staff at both locations are extremely knowledgeable and friendly ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love these products ! i started using the foaming face cleanser 5 years ago , and have n't used anything else since . it cleanses the skin thoroughly without drying it out . and the face cream is the only moisturizer i can use without worrying about breakouts . i was a little skeptical about the deodorant before using it , but not only is it better than any other natural deodorant i 've tried , but it 's better than any deodorant , period .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a one man store . consonant does n't have all that many products yet . but i liked that there was n't product overwhelm when i walk in the store . the look of the store is very nice as well . clean , neat , tidy , and modern . the staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the products . i got the matte sunscreen , hydra extreme & under eye cream . i 'm liking the products so far . we 'll see how it goes ! i may buy more of their stuff . big plus that they are a canadian company & also just up the street from eglinton station on the subway . really easy to get to . almost forgot to add that they also gave me some free samples & a free lip balm with my purchase . free stuff is always nice . : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eventhough it 's minus 25ish+ with the windchill the car needed a cleaning ! big time ! this car wash has been around for as long as i can remember , that 's 40+ yrs , and my dad used to bring all his cars here , i remember it well ! prices now a days are between $ 24.00- $ 30.00 , but that 's for a full cleaning inside and out . the price may rise if you wish a few extras done to your baby ! and at the end of the wash they 'll soft towel dry the car so there is virtually no sign of water left on the car , so whether it 's well below 0 degrees or well above , you wo n't have to worry about ice or dust ruining your nice shiny clean car . check this place out , you will not be disappointed or regret your investment !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible ! yes it 's affordable . yes it 's inside and outside the car . but - the inside of my car was as dirty leaving , as it was when i arrived . definitely scouting for a better location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not go here ! i repeat ! do not go here for cleaning your car ! i wish i could give it 0stars . might as well go to the gas station car washes . i paid $ 30 for their best package and just wasted my money . just washed the exterior and acted like they cleaned inside when everything looks the same . do not go here it 's a scam for your money ! owner is terrible and tried to blame their mistake by saying its a new car . take my advice and take your car somwehere else and listen to the other who reviewed this place . the person who gave it a good review must work for them . anyways take others at your will but you will not get your money 's worth if you ask me . everything from top to bottom was just bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the bet value in the city for a wash. $ 24 bux all in for inside outside clean ? ? ? better than any gas station all day . owners are very courteous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty disappointed . they do it quick , sure , but the job is n't well done . the trunk , seats and sides of my car were still dirty . the car detailing was n't done well at all and i paid $ 23 ( all inclusive ) for it . while it 's cheaper and they did it all in 10 mins , it 's not worth it if you want a real wash and clean . i would n't recommend this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "seriously love this place . been there less than a year and have made tremendous progress on my fitness and weight loss goals . i personally like their pack class offering - it is more cost-effective for me and i love the small group dynamic . the variety of trainers helps to ensure i get a really diverse workout and my body constantly `` surprised '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a single violinist for our wedding . she was amazing ! she was professional and knew exactly what to do . the music lent itself well to creating an elegant and sophisticated ambiance . simply beautiful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "due to last minute changes in our ceremony site and reception venue , i found myself looking online for solid musicians to play at my wedding ... two weeks away . sweetwater strings had several great reviews and my mother and i decided to call . eily had the day available ( wednesday night weddings are great ! ) and said she and her cello player could learn the arrangement for the song i wanted played as i walked down the aisle . i have to say the music at the wedding was beautiful and `` my hymn '' was played excellently- exactly as i wanted it . so , if you are like i was , looking online for excellent musicians , do not hesitate to use sweetwater strings !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a solo guitarist for our intimate wedding at the desert botanical garden . the music was lovely ! they have classic and fun , modern music choices . their prices are fantastic and eily was very accessible . we received many compliments thanks to sweetwater strings !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of those times you wish zero stars were an option . sundance was my favorite theater , but i 'm done with amc . the switch over from sundance rewards to amc rewards has been a complete failure - their customer service team obviously was not trained in what was promised to former sundance customers . after not receiving the free movie ticket promised i was offered $ 5 credit instead of a free ticket . i 've called twice , emailed three times , and the last person i spoke with told me my request to have a supervisor call me back probably would n't be granted because amc considers the issue solved . the low-key sundance vibe has been replaced with in-your-face advertising throughout the whole lobby space ; the fabulous sundance drink & food menu has been replaced ; and online ticket buying has fees now . not impressed at all . i do n't love the other theaters in madison , but amc is driving me straight into their arms .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's been a steady downhill slide for what was once sundance . hate the amc experience with the advertisements and seemingly endless previews . disappointing !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they use real butter on their popcorn . that 's a positive . said popcorn is $ 2.50 more than a large anywhere else . a bottle of water was almost $ 4 . they do not do $ 5 movies . at all . $ 10 for a 10:30 showing of a movie . in addition to that , they do n't even have the recliners literally everywhere else has , and the seating is cramped and uncomfortable . i 'm seriously so upset with the entire expierence that i ca n't even give an eloquent review about it . i 'm going to see this one movie that is n't showing anywhere else , and then i 'm never coming back . if in the future there 's another movie that 's exclusive go them , i 'll stay home and wait for it to come out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went last night to see `` baby driver '' . missing the old sundance , from customer service to prices to real butter on popcorn to choice in beer . sometimes you do n't know what you 've got till it 's gone .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i liked this place when it was sundance . the popcorn was good because they use real butter , but it looks like the fake butter station has been installed . we wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'd give this zero stars if it were an option . used to go to sundance theatre all the time -- it was convenient , comfortable and my go-to theatre . went today for the first time as an amc theater to a 7pm film and will not be going back any time soon . the place was totally filthy ( garbage cans overflowing , popcorn and empty cups all over the floors , no toilet paper , people sitting on the floor of the hallway leading to the screen rooms and eating enormous plates of nachos and popcorn ( you had to step over their legs ) ... i am not making this up . this was the condition at 6:30pm , not late night after many film showings . who the heck is running this place ? plus , after watching previews that ran 20+ minutes after the movie was supposed to start , they started showing the wrong movie . please . there are many other places that show films .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went last night , first time as new amc ownership . ditto to all of the descriptions of filth below . the theatre smelled so badly when we walked into our specific movie , we almost left . trash everywhere . i really hope they take note and turn it around . otherwise it probably should not be open . it is so bad , i ca n't imagine that amc is not doing this for some purpose ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i did n't think that with the prices now being charged by amc that there would be trash all over the seats and floor when we walked in to our 6:50 movie . the seat next to mine has a huge tear in the upholstery . do n't get me started on the concession stand . i will stick with marcus theatres from now on . the one star would be a zero if i was able to do so .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for years , i went to at least three films a month at sundance and usually purchased popcorn as well . i enjoyed the choice of drinks and snacks , no adverts , three previews , decent rewards program and friendly staff . prices were reasonable and the $ 6 tuesdays were a budget friendly option . so far in june and july , i have gone to amc dine-in madison 6 twice ( once a month ) because the experience is more expensive , has numerous adverts , half a dozen previews , a $ 15 annual fee for a decent rewards program and a corporate environment . what 's to like ? almost nothing . i can get that experience at most of the other theaters in town but at lower prices . and i can see most of the independent and art house films that have played there so far at another theater for less . early bird specials elsewhere are far less . the new owners would do well to do some patron experience research sooner rather than later . changes have produced a serious backlash among loyal sundance patrons of yore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great stuff at tofu hut ! i really love their bim bim bap . the kimchi jig-gae is really good as well , especially with the cracked egg . yum ! the service is quick . this a great place to go for a reasonably price , simple , quick korean meal . i recommend this to any korean food lover in vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their service ai n't great but i do n't give a damn just cause their food is so on point . ( especially the short ribs & salad )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely worth your money ! for the all you can eat , they serve a lot of meat for one portion . if you love korean bbq , this place is a must !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great ayce korean bbq and appetizers . always a pleasure to eat here and cook my own bbq meats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after eating hotel and buffet food for days , my boyfriend and i decided to step outside of the strip in vegas and look for korean bbq around town : ... and we found this amazing place ! ! ! all you can eat korean bbq ! you get to pick about three different meat , and the sides come with the whole package too ! definitely give this place a try when you 're in vegas , and you wo n't be disappointed ! ! the price is pretty reasonable also . $ 16.99 for normal hours and $ 10.99 past 10:00 pm ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is lacking sometimes . if it 's busy , you can forget about them coming around as much . the entrance and along the walls is very dingy . do n't stare too hard , you may not want to eat your food . they serve can sodas . wth ? we usually get the ayce bbq for $ 16.99 . the kalbi is not what it used to be . where 's the short ribs ? they now serve it boneless , i think the short rib style is more tender . pork belly has a weird taste to it . hubby likes the chicken . good banchans , they used to have potato salad that was oh so good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i always come here during lunch because they have good specials on the tofu soup ! it 's cheap , delicious & comes with a lot of food ! and usually the service is quick- not too long of a wait . however , i ate here for dinner the other night and the wait was ridiculously long ! it was just a party of 2 but we waited over an hour . what made me angry was the fact that there were seats open ! ! there were at least 4 tables open but they did n't fill those up . they made us wait an hour and they finally sat us- at the table that was open this entire time ! ! ! we did the all you can eat and it was only $ 16.99 . lots of food & it was good~ love their short ribs ! ! it 's good , cheap food but you just have to wait a looooong time !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "place needs to hire people who know how to speak and listen to customers about simple things like `` do you want all you can eat , '' or `` do you want the a la carte menu , '' and `` please wait while we seat you '' server on staff last night , the short korean girl with long ponytail made me wait 20 mins for an a la carte table , sat us down at a barbecue table , waved us over to the a la carte table , argued that i came in saying `` 2 people , '' when i specifically made a point to let her know that i do n't want all you can eat . to have the nerve to point and scream at me saying a bunch of unmentionables . bottom line high risk establishment . did n't get to eat . when i showed my dismay . i was thrown out . so i never got to try the food . .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all you can eat for $ 16.99 including bean soup and steamed egg , good bargain for las vegas . place is kinda dirty , and service is poor depending on who is waitering . like many asian places , this place also recycles food , so if you have untouched side dishes , rest assure , it wo n't be wasted here , it will be served to someone else !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i could give less than 1 star i would , the food is subpar . however the most annoying thing was its advertise as 13.99 after 10 , there was a catch and the waitress charged us 20 out the door . she was also extremely unpleasant . i will never go back and i would never recommend this place to anyone base on my first experience there tonight .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've eaten at a lot of korean bbq places in vegas and cali , and this place hands down has the best salad everrrrr ! other joints just ca n't compare . i 've always enjoyed coming here with friends . it 's cheap , open late , and the food is good . plus i 've never had a bad experience and service is n't bad either . i usually just fill up on the briskets and i really ca n't complain . serious bang for your buck", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the tofu soups they taste amazing ! it was little spicy for me . i give the food a 5 star service 1 star . but the service is horrible . they did n't fill our water and when we paid they were surprised we paid with a large bill . i 'll go back but only to the sister store don .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been going here for many years but have never really took the time to review this place until now . i often come here for the ayce korean bbq . $ 16.99 is a great deal for korean bbq nowadays . of course you get what you pay for . with $ 16.99 you might not be getting super fancy food but you can definitely get some flavorfully marinated ribs and authentic banchan . they also have a la carte options for korean bbq if you 're not too hungry or do n't want to cook . the salad that comes with the ayce bbq is amazing . it can also be ordered separately on the regular menu . 6-10pm is their rush hour . if you come between these hours , expect to wait 45 mins to an hour for a table .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "korean bbq ... yum yum yum i visited this place for lunch today expecting to be sleepy from food coma afterwards . it let me down ... . service : it was ok quality : could be a lot better -sliced ribeye : good flavor but didnt tatse like ribeye -brisket : cut too thick so still a little chewy at times and did n't look that fresh . -marinated pork belly : dont try it ... -short ribs : way too much fat in the cuts , not trimmed properly , the chewy lining was not taken off . -steamed egg : that was the only thing i think was really good . once is enough , rather just wait till i visit la to scratch the korean bbq itch next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when i moved to charlotte , i had practiced taekwondo for a few years at a dojang in jersey city . i 'd hoped to find a new school in charlotte to become my taekwondo home , and kim 's came close . i decided not to enroll as a student , but i checked out a few classes there before making my decision . the students at kim 's are all well-trained and have beautiful technique . it 's an impressive school in regards for their respect for the martial art and its long tradition . one of the things that attracted me to taekwondo , however , is its modern adaptability and practical application in a fighting situation . if you are looking for a place to learn beautiful technique and a classical appreciation for taekwondo , kim 's is a rare and wonderful place for you . if you 'd like to learn to fight on the streets , though , look elsewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place . great instructors . my kids have been going here for over 2 years . at 1st it was only a few students under the age of 13 or so . but now , the classes have grown and its a very diverse group ranging from 3yrs to older ages ( age friendly post ... ..lol ) great ppl ... . now i have 2 mini bodyguards at my disposal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i trained with master kim and master jenny for years . very amazing experience . if you are looking for authentic tae kwon do , then this is the school for you . they focus on discipline and tradition . if you are looking for fly by night , mma cage fighting techniques , this is probably not the school for you . you wo n't be disappointed . check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what katz 's deli is to nyc , schwartz 's is to montreal . around since time immemorial ( ok , 1928 ) , this deli may not have invented smoked meat ... but you wo n't find it better anywhere else . got there around 8pm on a friday night to a line leading out the door . fortunately , turnover for the few tables and counter stools is very quick . my friend and i were seated at a table with a young family . i knew my order as soon as i sat down : smoked meat ( medium fat ) , sour pickle , black cherry soda . my friend snagged the same with fries instead of a pickle . the meat was tender , gently smoky , and maddeningly delicious . the seasonings are assertive without overwhelming and the sour pickle provides a biting contrast . in and out in less than half an hour . and , yes : that sandwich was worth the 8 hours or so it took to get to montreal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a big fan of smoked meat , but everyone who has come here with me has loved the smoked meat sandwiches . if you do n't want to wait in line and do n't mind taking to go - just walk go their takeout area ( store on the left ) . recommendation : 110 % .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a salad . no , i 'm kidding . i had the smoked meat sandwich and it was awesome . the place is n't big on the finishes . it 's all about the food here and the service is n't fantastic . it does n't have to be because the smoked meat is the bomb . my waiter understood my english ( `` smoked meat sandwich , please '' ) and it did n't take long before a half pound of tasty beef on sliced rye was placed in front of me . i ate half with fork before i dared to pick up the monster . when i was done , the plate was clean . i nearly picked it up and licked it . not cheap but it 's not expensive . very high quality comes at a decent price . it 's worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "woooooooooo . the fact that schwartz 's in the # 1 montr\u00e9al restaurant on yelp in horrifying . c'mon guys . you might enjoy to wait 30 minutes for the taste of delicious fat smoked meat , dry rye bread and cherry cola , but montr\u00e9al has much more to offer than schwartz 's ! ! ! we also have poutine . just kidding . i would be really curious to see what is the ratio tourists montrealers there . no offense if you 'd drive 7 hours from ny to eat their smoked meat : but i would personally not go out of my way for their stack of meat , not even on a sunny day . i might get killed for saying that . for a full discussion on the topic : is schwartz 's overrated ? http : chowhound.chow.com topics 526634", "score": "2"}
{"review": "have you ever been so excited to go somewhere because you have heard and read such great things about it ? well , a visit to schwartz 's deli was # 1 on my restaurant priority list for our montreal trip . as expected , the place was packed when we arrived for dinner . fortunately , we only had to wait outside for 10 minutes before getting seated . enjoyed the ambiance of the deli . impressive how things appear chaotic with all the people milling around everywhere . staff makes the chaos disappear because they are very fast and efficient . food comes out quickly . ordered the smoked meat sandwich . the smoked meat was flavorful . plenty of meat inside the sandwich . was not too crazy about the rye bread that it came on . overall , i found schwartz 's to be good . there was no `` wow '' factor though . perhaps my expectations were too sky high ? ? do i recommend making a stop here when in montreal ? absolutely ! ! they are a montreal institution and landmark ! ! you never know who you might find here !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow . if there 's one thing you must eat in montr\u00e9al it 's this . i do n't exaggerate when i say this is one of the best sandwiches i 've had in my life . even though it 's very simple , the smoked meat melts in your mouth . it has a perfect flavor that 's accentuated by the mustard , and does n't need any other ingredients to spruce it up . at first i wrote shwartz 's off as a lame tourist trap and was n't even going to stop in . let me just say i am so , so glad i stopped in and that this is no tourist trap . the smoked meat sandwiches are really just that good . i 'm so sad that this place is all the way up in montr\u00e9al , if i had one near me i would be there all the time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "believe the hype . initially i could n't believe it either . then i walked in , sat down , bit into a fatty smoked meat sandwich , experienced extreme happiness ( not as ostentatious as meg ryan in when harry met sally ) and sheepishly grinned . i bit my fingers and demanded another . the pickle and cole slaw were perfect complements . sadly the black cherry soda did n't enhance the meal . the fries were overkill but were good for sharing . the smoked meat sandwiches are superior to the sandwiches at infamous ny delis , such as katz 's , 2nd ave and carnegie . yes i said it . when i return , please have a medium and fatty sandwich ready for me . if the line is too long , i 'll just order a pound to go . ifhtp 2", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most overrated smoke meat restaurant i 've ever tried . i 've gone there a few time over the years simply from travelers asking to try it and , at best it 's good , never great . besides there 's the main restaurant right across the street that has the best smoke meet i 've ever tried and the poutine rocks too .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "les sandwich du restaurant schwartz 's sont souvent sec et petit . la place offre un service de merde et on attend des heures dehors mais le prix est relativement bas . personnellement je n'aime pas cet endroit et je crois que c'est une attrape touriste . j'ai personnellement go\u00fbt\u00e9 \u00e0 des meilleurs sandwich \u00e0 la viande fum\u00e9e \u00e0 des places beaucoup moins connu \u00e0 montr\u00e9al .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mmmmmmmm ... i sometimes dream about the smoked meat sandwich here . that reminds me ... i should really go visit soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the kind of place that makes grown men cry . when we arrived , the wait was not too bad , shortly after we arrived the line got really long though . the staff was friendly and welcoming , even joked around with us ! it was awesome , even though the place is small , we was able to squeeze 11 guys in ! this is the best smoked meat i had when in montreal , maybe even ever.. the meat was so succulent and flavorful ! i enjoyed the medium fat more than the lean fat , i felt like it was more juicy and flavorful . some of the guys did half and half and thought it was perfect . i did a sandwich and the guys did a large plate of meat to share . both are easily enjoyable , just do n't forget to wash it down with the black cherry soda ! i would come back to montreal just for this !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "schwartz is unbelievable . i had a sandwich again on my way back to toronto from montreal and i was blown away all over again . it was almost as if it was the first time i ever ate it . i finished it and cursed myself that i did n't order another , or at least acquired a pound or two of smoked meat to return home with . i ca n't get over how good it is , i feel like i should be bending down on one knee and proposing my order . the meat is spiced and smoked perfectly . the bread is soft and chewy . the perfect amount of mustard is spread . the portion is solid for the price . with a sour pickle and black cherry soda , it could very well be in contention for my last meal . i do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "may the schwartz be with you ! eh , i expected more . maybe it 's because i recently went to katz and i still have fond memories of that sandwich . maybe it 's because the smoked meat platter ( read as corned beef ) that i put away by myself was overly fatty . or maybe it 's because the slab of beef that you spend so much time making deserves to be garnished with something other than a lame yellow mustard . call it fancy if you want . but , i 'd prefer something with a kick . or perhaps it 's because you have no knishes . all that griping aside , i did enjoy my lunch here . packed , just like i expected , even at an off hour . my platter of smoked meat was good and they serve it up with many slices of rye . good sour pickles too . wish you had beer for me to wash it down with . cash only . settle up with the cashier on your way out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when people mentioned about the greatness of montreal 's smoked meat , they are really referring to schwartz 's . the others might attempt to imitate but they failed miserably.the place might be small , dirty , crowded , and you have to wait in line most of the time , but it 's all worth it . order your smoked meat lean , medium or fatty and they are equally delicious . i always ask the server to order enough meat for our group and they 'll know what to do . take a few pieces of meat and put them in between the rye breads . add a little mustard and voila - the best dinner in montreal . it goes well with cherry coke too . note that you might have to share tables because they do n't have a lot of spaces . apparently the owner refuses to move to a bigger place . if you are in montreal , you must try schwartz 's !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "busy and a disorganized seating arrangement . one would think `` to go '' would be faster . but no- really go for the sit down . i promise it will be faster . the smoked meat is delish , but i do n't know if i 'd say i was blown away . what i love about it is that you can choose your level of fattiness which is quite lovely . and at almost 10 bucks for a half ( staaacked ) sandwhich its actually not that great of a deal . good , not great . had i not been bitter about waiting , i maybe woulda given it 4 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "smoked meat , kosher pickle and black cherry soda . follow the three steps and your guaranteed a satisfying meal . and the only way to enjoy schwartz 's smoked meat . schwartz 's is the oldest deli in montreal . the lines are always long . they 're famous for their smoked meat with blended herbs , unique spices and marinated for 10 days . the result , strong smoking meat ! ! to spot this deli . you 'll see a big sign `` charcuterie herbaique '' the meats are strictly kosher . it looks a regular old deli . cash only it will be a nice experience just to eat your sandwich here . it 's too crowded and loud . you have to scream and sign language with your friend . this is something that you have to try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with my dad he thought i was crazy for never hearing about this place lol . came here early did n't have to wait hours in line like i 've seen others have to do . took the smoke meant sandwich was great compared to the ones i have had in the past , best in the word tho i ca n't say . worth trying for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my 100th review is truly special ! schwartz 's in montreal is so amazing ! a must if you are ever in the city . there 's a reason why this business has been around for 80 years and is still popping because of the quality of food that is consistently served . that 's right , it 's just not any food , it 's the best smoked meat in canada . if you 're looking for a quick bite that 's delicious and savoury , get their smoked meat sandwich . $ 9.95 for a sandwich is pretty pricey but it 's worth it ! the meat is smoked for hours so when you take a bite , it literally melts in your mouth with tons of flavour . i like the marinade of the meat and how they use traditonal mustard in the sandwich . the combination just works well . highly recommended and worth the wait in line . grab a few pre-packaged meats so you can take some home and pack some sandwiches !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "usually when i see the words 'mystery meat ' on a menu i would drop one star and run in the other direction . inversely , when i see 'schwartzs deli '' on a sign for duh , a deli , i give 4 stars and head in for some kosher goodness . so , the reality is that this place has been round forever , and it sure as hell looks like like , however , it also can be said that its around cause the deli is the real deal . katzs ... well , ok , its not a deli youd find in the heart of manhattan , but hey , thats a good 7 hours south .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really do n't have much to add , but the smoked meat sandwiches are delicious . 1 . there is always a line- so just deal with it . 2 . the servers for the most part understand english 3 . the poutine is below average - so do n't order it . 4 . you are committing some sort of quebecois sin if you do n't order cherry soda with your meat . ditto - getting a pickle . 5 . there are other options other than smoked meat- they serve seemingly delicious turkey , chicken and salami sandwiches as well . there is also liver- i am not going to vouch for that . 6 . schwartz offers take out for those disinclined to sit elbow to elbow at communal tables . please note- when going this route- the folks in line with holler at you , and curse your existence as you skip by them in line . 7 . schwartz is tourist-y - but there usually enough drunk , local college students around , to make you feel slightly less lame .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've lived in montreal most of my life and always heard great things about schwartz 's but never felt compelled to try ... well i 'm glad it finally happened although i still wonder what the hype is all about . something about meat , mustard and bread sounds really mediocre and boring to me . maybe i 'm just not a smoked meat kind of person . i 've had it just a few times and quite prefer it elsewhere.. coughdunnscough . it was good , but not worth coming back when there are line ups or worth the hassle of taking cash out when i 'm used to dealing with businesses that accept plastic .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i were lucky enough to never wait in line . if you 're ok with sitting at a table with strangers up close and personal in a super hot and small resto , this is the place for you . the food is delish ! the smoked meat is fantastic as are the pickles . mmmmmm ca n't wait to go back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! tender and great flavor . on par with brisket from central texas . went in on a monday afternoon , between lunch and dinner . only waited for a minute or two outside . coleslaw was verygood , flavor of sweet dill pickles . buy a shirt ! never did and regretted it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not the best smoked meat in town anymore , just like any number of `` institutions '' that persist for historic and cultural reasons rather than innovations in taste . the meat is dry , crumbly , and the lean cuts lack seasoning spices . tip : you must order the meat fat , otherwise all the flavours are forfeited.. i think it 's a great sit-down to get some steaming smoked meat during a cold snowy winter day , but definitely not worth the wait on a hot summer afternoon . if the line is too long , try the main right across the street . if you are adventurous , go to smoke meat pete ; it is the crown right now . i understand that schwartz ' is on montreal 's standard repertoire . nothing against that , as long as you realize that good and iconic do n't necessarily come in duo .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "at schwartzs , a huge pile of smoke dmeat is presented to me . dry , like the fresh light rye bread that tries desperately yo hold the meat pile together , and deli mustard generally spread upon the bread . the meat is littered with black peppercorns , but the peppercorns are not too strong as to distract from the meat that has been cooked for hours . the sandwich is filling . noms . schwartz 's has nothing to hide ; simply pure good meat . pure ingredients , and pride of tradition that has been round since 1928 . and a black cherry soda with your meat rocks . noms . oms . oms . review video will be posted under tastyventures and montreal at http : www.tastytwosome.com : d want more of me ? follow @ tastytwosome . ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "reading through these comments and i realize some people have it all wrong . it is smoked meat which is beef not pastrami , the sandwiches are half a pound of meat on 2 pieces of rye bread and some mustard . the traditional sandwich is medium , so if you are ordering a lean sandwich expect it to be dry . it is a deli not a gourmet restaurant so do n't criticize the environment . p.s . it is the best smoked meat sandwich", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a line , and there 's a reason . nothing beats it . it tastes like corned beef cuz they use allspice berries , but it 's smoked so it 's more tender than regular deli-style corned beef . it could benefit from better bread , knowledge that mustard automatically goes on the sandwich unless you ask for it without , and fries that are n't soggy . otherwise , the meat ca n't be beat , and make sure you get one of those deliiiiicious sour pickles to go along with it . yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i know this place is an iconic montreal place to eat at but i did n't see what was so special . the deli still retained the old school look . the deli was busy and the staff were incredible , very friendly and took the time to get to know you . when the sandwich came , it was underwhelming . it tasted good but would it be worth the 2 hour wait ? i do n't think so . the smoked meat was n't really anything special , it just seems like a touristy thing to do .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "exactly what i was expecting given all the reviews and it met expectations , actually exceeded them in that i guess this is the time of year to go because we walked up at 1130am and no line or anything , got a table to ourselves and enjoyed every moment . smoked meat sandwiches were great ( we had the mediums ) , the pickle was actually my favorite part of the meal ( sooooo good ) . my wife and i split an order of fries that came out very hot . food came out so fast . staff was friendly and spoke immediately in english . great experience on a freezing day in montreal . cash only for those that are used to only carrying plastic", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is not a tourist trap . get the smoked meat sandwich w medium fat . i was told that the full fat one can be overwhelming and the no fat one can be dry . this was amazing . just amazing . life changing as a matter of fact . my . life . was . changed . fries - best fries of my life . idk how the fries are so creamy..it blew my mind . get the pickle . finish off with the black cherry soda . on top of that . the guy that helped us was sooo friendly . why is everyone in montreal so nice ? must be a canadian thing ? this place is packed . i saw big groups there so they can accommodate it ... it just might take a sec . and the turnaround is high so the wait is n't too long . life changing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huge fan . it was my first time eating at schwartz and was surprised to see a long waiting line . so do n't expect to find a place right away to seat . although , if it 's sunny and beautiful , you can always take it to go ( way faster , no waiting line if any , it is minimal ) and do a takeout picnic ! price is very affordable . the smoked meat is delicious ! do n't forget to get yourself a marinated pickle ! it really goes well together with the smoked meat sandwich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pros : great history . great ambiance . they give you a gynormous pickle . cons : long lines . they cram you in there like sardines - often times having to share a table with complete strangers . last few times i 've been here the smoked meat sandwich was very dry . perhaps it 's my own fault for asking for `` lean cut . ''", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ca n't add much to the 911 reviews already posted here ... : ) i had read up on the lines at schwartz 's , but was able to walk right in at about 7:30pm on a tuesday night . the side take-out door was closed , but i was immediately greeted by a super friendly guy , and the employees covering the meat counter had me in and out in less than five minutes . one pound of smoked meat and one loaf of bread set me back about $ 22 - not bad at all when you consider that it 'll make about six normal size sandwiches . i got the meat back to our airbnb rental , and got ready to dig in ... would it be as good as all the reviews indicated , or is this place overrated ? it 's as good . it 's better . i was wowed . if i lived in or near montreal , i 'd definitely be back . hmmm ... i believe they have shipping options , too . might have to look into that !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after sampling most of the pastrami sandwiches , i was shocked to taste the smoked meat at schwartz 's because it is actually better than those in new york ! i feel a bit defeated since i am a new yorker . schwartz 's reminds me of katz deli in manhattan but it looks dirtier , smaller but the jewish servants remain . their smoked meat sandwich is not as meaty as katz but it is juicier and tastier . they do n't have fancy sauces but yellow mustard . surprisingly , it is good enough for all of us . their dill is also great as well as their coleslaw . try the black cherry soda with your sandwich and get used to being cramped inside . i would come back to montreal just for the sandwich !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ah je suis d\u00e9sol\u00e9e de tout casser ... il est vrai que tous les go\u00fbts sont dans la nature , mais l\u00e0 \u00e7a en est la preuve . c'est la premi\u00e8re fois que je ne comprends pas la longue file d'attente sur le trottoir . a chaque fois ... quel est cet engouement ? ! des gens venant de partout ... pour go\u00fbter ce met ... rien , absolument rien d'original ! mais il faut tester apparemment , alors je ne vous dirais pas le contraire . ainsi chacun peut en faire son exp\u00e9rience , mais le mienne en est rest\u00e9e \u00e0 une seule visite . sans parler que la place est minuscule . rien d'all\u00e9chant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i find that this is number the one recommended place to go when visiting montreal . on a hot summer day , a 30 minute wait in a line might seem a little long but it was worth it . even the crammed , cafeteria style seating did not manage to ruin this experience for me . i was told to get pickles and a large plate of smoked meat ( they bring bread anyways ) . it was so delicious ! i do n't drink coke but this meal required the classic cherry coke so i obliged . service was fast and when we asked for another pickle it was delivered at a lightening speed . this is a must and i already want to go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am not even going to elaborate . you do n't need my stinkin review . just go here , try to snatch up a table and order your smoked meat medium , fries , pickle and cole slaw . you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best of the smoked meat burger and pickles.. lean meat choices.. excellent staff , nice location . worthy to spend your lunch time here . remember no credit cards", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favourite restaurants in all of canada . they 've been in the news lately with reports that the restaurant is for sale . if this is the case , i earnestly hope it remains in canadian hands ! having said that , i can add that the cozy atmosphere and wonderful aroma of smoked meat only adds to the appetite . enjoy a smoked meet sandwich with french fries a cherry coke , and save your diet for tomorrow ! schwartz 's is an experience not to be missed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "over-rated . greasy fat meat . you can get better at many other places . i never understood the hype about this place , and even less why people wait in line . tourist trap .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yup . love schwartz 's smoked meat . it 's so tender and oh so flavorful , and i 'm pretty sure my friend got us the lean stuff . fwiw - i usually dislike lean brisket . we ate the smoked meat with plain mustard . my friend got their fries - which i did n't really care for . i only cared about the smoked meat . it was really yummy . i can eat pounds of this stuff . and yes , i have eaten my fair share of pastrami and corned beef in authentic jewish delis in mahattan . i also love me a good reuben ... i mean i know it 's not exactly pastrami or corned beef , but i can definitely say i prefer schwartz 's smoked meat to anything i 've ever gotten in a jewish deli in manhattan , but perhaps i need to do another taste test .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the line-up for this place is ridiculous . and for what ? dried meat on a dry rye bread with a slap of mustard . seriously , the hype for this place is greater than their food . the place is crowded and the decor is a little gross . their food comes fast and sloppy but cheap in price it is ! but if you want authentic montreal smoked meat , i suppose this is the place ! do yourself a favour though , take it to go ; go back home or to your hotel room and have it on really nice bread with all of your favourite fixin 's . and if you take it to go , you can surpass the always ridiculous line-up .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "vous recherchez un resto \u00e0 la r\u00e9putation surfaite , o\u00f9 l'on attend en ligne dehors pour entrer , m\u00eame \u00e0 moins 10 degr\u00e9s ? vous r\u00eavez de manger un smoked meat tr\u00e8s ordinaire , \u00e0 la viande un peu s\u00e8che ? vous souhaitez prendre place dans un endroit un peu ringard pour ne pas dire un peu crasseux ? alors , faites partie de la l\u00e9gende en vous rendant chez schwartz 's . un endroit mythique \u00e0 montr\u00e9al dont je ne comprends pas encore ce qui a fait sa r\u00e9putation et fait courir autant les foules . d\u00e9sol\u00e9 aupr\u00e8s des inconditionnels , de c\u00e9line et de ren\u00e9 , mais j'ai connu mieux en smoked meat .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good smoked meat ( seems like pastrami to me ) . portion size of food is much better than new york 's over the top delis , and well priced . if you like smoked beef , this is a great place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "malgr\u00e9 la continuelle file d'attente devant le resto , c'est tout simplement un must montr\u00e9alais !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dude , so good ! schwartz 's alone is worth the trip to montreal ! you can get lean , meaty , or fatty smoked meat . only mustard , meat , and bread ... fries too if you want them . you wo n't find a better place for smoked meat sandwiches . this is a place that does one thing right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lines can be long , do n't let that stop you from eating at schwartz 's ! if it is your first time , go with the classic smoked meat sandwich , pickles , fries , and black cherry coke . you ca n't go wrong with the basics ! the meat was moist and full of flavor . you get different layers of lean and fatty slices of meat in each bite . i think they make a point to include different cuts of meat in each layer . a little extra mustard provided at the table makes the sandwich even more delicious ! take a bite of the extra tart pickle in between and some fries . as busy as they were , our server was friendly and took the time to make small talk with us to get to know us a bit . this is a great spot to check out for bachelor parties after a night of drinking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "schwartz 's est un classique de montr\u00e9al , connu pour son fameux sandwhich smoke-meat . il y a presque toujours une ligne d'attente \u00e0 l'ext\u00e9rieur mais \u00e7a en vaut le co\u00fbt autant pour la bouffe que l'ambiance d'une \u00e9poque d'autre fois . soyez pr\u00eats \u00e0 en resortir le bedaine pleine ! vous pouvez aussi y acheter plusieurs de leurs produits pour emporter si vous pr\u00e9f\u00e9rez y acheter votre viande et en profiter \u00e0 partir du confort de votre maison . c'est un endroit id\u00e9al pour le lunch ou un souper rapide entre amis . rien de compliqu\u00e9 , service rapide et bouffe remplissante .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after hearing about this place i had to stop by for a smoked meat sandwich . the food is ok but not worth the price charged . small sandwich is $ 10 bucks which would not be so bad but they charge you 2 bucks for a single pickle and 2.50 for a diet coke . overall your money is spent far better elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't understand some of the hate here on schwartz 's . if you know you do n't like meat , do n't come . if you want something fancy and pretty do n't come . otherwise you are in for a treat that is only found in montreal . for those that have not tried smoked meat its kind of in between corned beef and pastrami . one should order a fatty or medium cut , the lean cut is too dry . i order fatty . it 's awesome . lastly if you do n't want to wait in line which can be long go next door to the take out section . they have seats in the back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when you think of montr\u00e9al you think of 2 things , poutine and smoke meat ! sorry if you thought i was going to say coffee and french.. but if you really think about it.. poutine and smoke meat are the iconic duo . basically this place was open a long time ago where things used to cost 5cents and traffic was never an issue . you sit where you like ( if there 's space ) and you order what 's one the board . the servers know every detail there is about the menu so do n't be shy in asking ! medium cut with a fry , pickle and a black cherry coke ... that 's my order ! once eating you 'll feel the urge to sleep ... but it was well worth it . so if you want to live the montreal experience.. this is a must ! enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "montreal smoked meat sandwich is a must ! we went around 11am and there was n't a lineup yet . cash and debit only .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was at the top of my list of restaurants to try when i was in montreal . we arrived at this place 1 2 hour before they closed and it was still quite busy inside . we had no problem finding a table to sit down . maybe not the best time to go as i found their infamous montreal smoked meat was not that flavourful . we ordered the one pound platter of smoked meat with 1 2 lean and 1 2 fatty meat . well , i learnt my lesson as the lean meat was way too dry . the fatty meat was good , but to be honest the meat did not have a very strong smoked flavor . this place was a disappointment . but from all the good reviews , i might just give this place another try . next time , i will have to go earlier .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when in rome right ? schwartz 's is the place to try for smoked meats right ? being from philly , maybe it 's like telling someone to go to geno 's for a cheesesteak to an outsider knowing that you can get a way better sandwich somewhere else . for me , this was the case with schwartz 's . yes , the place is usually packed , very friendly service but the smoked meat sandwich just did n't impress . i was hoping for it to be a bit more moist , but there was a hint of dryness . the slaw and pickle were ok and had a unique flavor . the poutine was not worth ordering . not sure how the cherry soda added to the sandwich either . go just to say you went , but do n't expect to be wow 'd .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is overhyped . the service is awful . order a dill pickle & get a sour . order turkey and get smoked meat . basically you are given whatever the server is in the mood to give you . and the smoked meat is rather bland . perhaps i am spoiled coming from ny and being surrounded by some of the best delis in the world but my personal opinion is that the meat at schwartz is mediocre at best . not worth the wait or hassle .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm not much of a meat person , but had to try a smoked meat sandwich in montreal and i was told this was the place to do so . crammed in this little hole in the wall on st laurent is schwartz 's . do not be taken aback when you have to share a table with strangers . order yourself a smoked meat sandwich , apparently medium is the way to go - not lean . having thrown the idea of a healthy lunch out the window i throuoghly enjoyed this sandwich to an almost disturbing level . aside from the food , service was fantastic , and my sandwich and drink total was $ 8 which is actually cheaper than subway .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love this little piece of smoked meat heaven ! i always stop by when i 'm in montreal . i stopped in on a friday evening a couple of weeks ago around 5:30 6 and did not have to wait for a seat . the service was fast and super friendly . some of the service staff who were on break were munching on yummy looking tarts . when we asked what they were , one of the staff gave us a tart and said we could have it for dessert ! i also stopped in to the retail store a few days after and before heading home to pick up some smoked meat for myself and friends . the vacuum packages have instructions on how to heat and serve . i can assure you that the meat was just as delicious ( if not only a tad dry after reheating but better than any smoked meat i can find locally ! ) i will of course return the next time i 'm in montreal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are a few times when a sandwich can truly blow your mind . schwartz is one of those places . if only the poutines could live up to the expectations set by the sandwiches .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place will offer you the best smoke meat in the city . you 're paying a bit more for top quality meat !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is probably at the top of most montreal tourists ' lists . old school jewish deli specializing in a montreal favorite , smoked brisket . i had the fatty brisket , with a pickle on the side . the meat itself was only lightly smoky , but very tender . i used more of the mustard for an extra kick . the pickle was a heavy style pickling . and of course , you 're to wash it all down with the black cherry cola . a cheap and fast meal at this montreal institution .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super tasty smoked meat sandwiches & pickles ( yes that needs to be all capslock ) . standing in line is less fun but it goes pretty swift & the service is great . you have to go here when you visit montreal , you ca n't say you 've been to montreal if you have n't gone to schwartz 's ... it 's essential . if you live here : congrats on being able to eat tasty smoked meat all the time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tonight , i finally found out what the hype over schwartz was about . i ordered a smoked meat sandwich for take-out , which came approximately to $ 11 with taxes . worth the price ? not sure . the sandwich consisted of their famous smoked meat , mustard and bread . i was hoping for an explosion of flavors when i bit into the sandwich ... but i was disappointed ! it tasted blend- did not meet the exceptions of `` the best '' smoked meat . the meat felt poorly smoked . schwartz 's is definitely overhyped , i must say that it 's a tourist attraction more than anything . positive point of the sandwich : you get a lot of meat , and that would be enough to satisfy your hunger .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a bit overrated . there 's always a long line , and the people who work there always assume that everyone is a tourist , and tackily remind you that it 's customary to tip", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was a little skeptical at first when i was told about eating at schwartz 's . there was a small line outside , so i decided maybe this place is n't as bad as i thought . the inside was set up as a cafeteria and it was very crowded . you also share tables with others . then , we ordered our food . the smoked meat was put on a large plate for the three of us to share . they also gave us bread . the smoked meat was delicious and fared priced . overall , it was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "whenever you 're in montreal do yourself a favor and experience schwartz 's small place but great smoked meat for us new yorkers , pastrami", "score": "4"}
{"review": "client depuis 1985 , mais de moins en moins depuis les 10 derni\u00e8res ann\u00e9es ... qualit\u00e9 pas uniforme , la d\u00e9coupe est faite n'importe comment , service compl\u00e8tement froid et artificiel comme dans une cha\u00eene de restauration rapide . pr\u00e9f\u00e8re maintenant son n\u00e9m\u00e9sis rue bernard lester 's . ce n'est pas la m\u00eame viande fum\u00e9e ( viande plus p\u00e2le , mais plus onctueuse ) mais je la pr\u00e9f\u00e8re maintenant \u00e0 celle de schwartz ( viande plus rouge , plus riche en go\u00fbt , mais s\u00e8che ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "all i can say is ... just do it ! this mtl staple is worth the hype for all foodies . wait in line for as long as necessary to try that smoked meat . so worth the wait . thankfully our wait was only a short 10 min at 9:00pm on a monday night . do n't order anything else but the # 3 . juicy , flavorful , especially if you have a small piece of fat in there . we also had a juicy pickle on the side . i do n't know what else to say , but it was amazing . i regret not buying one `` to-go '' for later . they had a cherry soda which one of the workers recommended , but tasted like dimetap , not a fan . stop by an atm first , cash only .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i got in late , so we wound up going to a deli close to our hotel for dinner . he 'd heard a lot about montreal smoked meat sandwiches , and so ordered one . he thought it was good , but nothing special - he did n't see what all the fuss was about . so we made a point of going here , which everyone told us was the best in the city , and it did n't disappoint - the difference was striking . we split the large plate ( medium ) , which was enormous , even for two large guys . the smoked meat sandwiches we saw people order all contained generous , evenly cut slices of meat . on the large plate those even slices were supplemented by a pantheon of smaller bits which have been caramelized by the roasting process until they are toothy and crispy . supplemented with a cott black cherry soda ( which everyone in the place was having ) and you have a perfect montreal meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i came here during out visit to montreal . we came for lunch on a saturday right when a line started forming . do not be discouraged by the line . it moves fairly quickly and the wait is worth it . the bf and i both got the smoked meat sandwich ( this is what they are known for however they do have other options ) , pickles and slaw . everything was delicious . the sandwich is very simple - meat and bread , both are very fresh and the meat is juicy and plentiful . tip : if you 're a party of 1 or 2 opt-in for sitting at the bar in order to sit down faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "severely overhyped . we ordered from the counter , which i suppose is the only saving grace , as eating in would only have prolonged the tsuris . it 's like a smaller , less delicious , and more cranky katz 's deli . i do n't give a damn about cranky ( i 've been a new yorker for most of my adult life ) , but if you 're going to pull some b.s . attitude , please have some knockout product to show for it . schwartz 's does not . montreal has more top-notch food than you can fit in your belly in a year , and none of it is here . keep walking .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got ta say their smoked meat sandwich and pickle is delicious , sooo good . however the place is shabby and small , often there 's a lineup , and it 's so warm in there that i question its sanitary condition : i see the dude cutting up the meat drenched in sweat ... does n't reassure . do n't stare at the meat either , looks weird , greasy and just unappetizing if you 're used to a lean clean diet . if you like that dirty new york experience , go for it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "smoked meat sandwich with pickle was small but filling . favorite was the smoked meat poutine . the service was excellent and friendly . dining outside with street festival was a bonus ! will come back from la !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the smoked meat sandwich ... it was pretty good but i 'm not sure it justifies the half hour wait in the below freezing cold ( on a saturday ) also , i do n't see the big deal with the cherry cola ? ! fyi passed by on a weekday and there was no line .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i used to go to schwartz every week when i was younger because it was simply the best smoked meat in montreal . i had not been since the ownership changed because i thought they might ruin it lol well i was wrong aside from all the prices pretty much doubling it remains the best smoked meet in town . so yes if you come to montreal you need to go to schwartz : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the one place in montreal that my wife and i have to stop at every time we visit the city . this place is nothing short of a miracle . absolutely perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to shwartz about 10 times since moving to montreal about 6 years ago.. every time i go i enjoy my smoked meat sandwich and cherry coke and ponder when would be the next time i can come out and have one ( i am on a diet , you see ) . flavour is amazing . sandwich itself is cheap ( around $ 6-7 ) . line is not that long ( just dont go on the weekends or during lunch dinner time ) . much better than the main , lesters , snowdon , etc..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the line ? insane . the sandwich ? insanely good . went to the to-go counter after seeing a line 20+ long for the restaurant during an off lunch hour . not many choices , because you do n't need them . get the smoked meat sandwich , simple , delicious , super good . fries are the same everywhere you go in montreal , poutine style .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "smoked meat sandwich at schwartz is like ... . it 's not like anything - its every bit as delicious as the world says it is", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped by here last year while visiting in montreal . the guidebook i had highly recommended it and i was n't disappointed in the least . my smoked sandwich was sumptuous and the fries were greasy but perfect . when i return to montreal this will be on my to- do list !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my second visit to schwartz 's so i was ok with not having the full-fledged experience of standing on line and eating in the restaurant itself . we opt 'd to use the take out storefront which actually has a few seats in the back . we were there for the smoked meat sandwiches as we enjoyed during our first trip years ago . the sandwich had a lot to live up to as we remembered it in quite high regard ; schwartz 's did not let us down . it was just as delicious as i remembered and i pretty much devoured it . the meat it smokey , succulent and sensational . you just ca n't go to montreal without going to schwartz 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how can you not be a fan ? it 's an institution . only complaint is sometime out of items from menu like poutine gravy ... but if that is the worst thing in your life ... you need to goto haiti for awhile", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when you see line ups before the restaurant opens , it 's a sign that they are doing something right . schwartz 's is a very small , busy diner with a cult following . my waiter was excellent , giving us great advice as we settled on the combo which came with fries . we ordered the coleslaw and had pickles on the side . if the seating was n't so crowded and follow diners dropping f-bombs , this establishment would have received 5 stars from me . you should bring cash as they do not accept credit cards .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "katz is still # 1 , but it 's better than langer 's ! also ... cheaper . : p get the smoked meat sandwich . that 's what everyone comes here for . it 's juicy but not as fatty as katz . also , if you go late at night ... you wo n't have a wait . seating is limited and service is ok . they might charge you if you share a sandwich - questionable ... only if they hate you i guess haha . do n't go at closing time though , cuz you will be asked to leave . unless you 're a big guy . no one wants a beat down at night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 've never been to schwartz 's . you 've never been to montreal . on the way home from a long drive from tremblant back to toronto , my bf and i decided to take a detour into schwartz 's if we were passing by montreal . if you 're craving this montreal classic , make sure you allow enough time to line up . the service is quick , but the wait in line is usually brutal . going in on a extreme cold weather alert night , a warm toasty smoked meat sandwich sure hit the spot ! my favourite is their pickle . crunchy , juicy , pickles . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the line may be long but it moves . the meat was spot on . simple and delicious . as good as smoked meat gets . friendly , classic , quick service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place sucks . i dropped $ 70 there and left unimpressed . all you get is pound of meat on 2 slices of bread wit mustard . the smoked meat was n't as good as dunns in ottawa . the turkey , salami and chicken sandwiches were terrible . the fries were soggy and no salt . the potato salad and macaroni salad was bland and kinda gross . this place is over priced and the staff were chauvinists yelling at girls passing by as i was trying to order from them . do n't waste your time or money . not impressed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "disappointing . the sandwiches were not hefty and the flavor was not worth waiting for says my husband .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "some places are iconic for a reason . you 'll know where you 're at when you get there because of the line outside . got there around 2pm and there was still a line . but the line goes by pretty fast . given the relatively small menu , people generally just eat and get out . theres a guy who seats you , and generally you have to wait outside until they call you in . theres a take out place next door if you want to take your sandwich to go . smoked meat sandwich here is amazing . got medium fatty and it was very very tasty . i was super satisfied and thought about getting more ... .even right now as i am writing this review .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was great ! the meat is not what i expected -- the montreal style smoked meat i 'm used to eating from the grocery store always has a salty rind to it , but this was just savory . an interesting combination with the bread , which is very , very chewy . i wish i had a chance to alternate bites between the pickle and the sandwich . i 'd love to come back and try a fatty cut for the sandwich . the meat is rich , and the fat is just so much richer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are ever in montreal you have come here for a smoked meat sandwich . smoked meat is montreal 's version of pastrami and it is amazing , so tender and flavorful w a smear of their hot mustard . we planned to split a sandwich to save room to grab a small bite somewhere else but after the smells got to us we each got a sandwich & split a side of fries w a pickle . it was more than enough to fill us up . we will be back again during our annual trip to visit friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for me personally when a restaurant becomes the mecca of its own category , it loses its appeal . is it good because everyone says it 's good ? or is it really that good ? economy a : schwartz 's . i sat at the counter and asked for `` whatever the locals order '' , minus the bread , and got the `` open face '' sandwich , aka a plate of pastrami . warm , juicy , delicious , and not too salty at all . was it good enough ? definitely . good enough to warrant its reputation ? no . i think their secret ingredient is nostalgia . add a pinch of that and suddenly everything becomes magic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "schwartz 's is slipping , i used to love schwartz 's , it was one of my favorite places to eat in the world . but things have changed , a while ago i noticed that it did n't taste quite as good as it had in the past . i chalked it up to being a fluke , but in the last year i 've been back four times and every single time the meat just has n't been very great.. not only has it been quite dry on occasion , but there 's no flavour anymore . it just does n't taste like it used to , it 's bland and boring . so much so that on two occasions i left meat on my plate when in the past i could n't get enough and would probably have eaten scraps off the floor : ) i 've tried the main across the street , it 's no better , i 've yet to try dunn 's , crossing my fingers they 've got that smoked meat magic .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was blown away by the quality of their food . 5 out of 5 stars . got their smoked meat sandwich . i can not wait to come back again while i 'm still in montreal . this place is a must .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the most famous smoked meat place at montreal . one sandwich contains at least 13 slices of meat . the homemade cucumber was a bit salty and sour because it is homemade . technically everything in this store is homemade . the mustard was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the king of smoked meat . get ready to line up though . remember it 's kosher so if you want cheese on your sandwich fuggedaboutit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just average . although they have a menu , they pretty much only serve one item : the smoked meat sandwich . when you go just look around and you 'll realize that 's the only thing anyone orders . and the waiter tells you that - just get the sandwich . so we did . nothing special . the bread is plain eye , the meat is bland - i gave it two stars because it 's a nice portion . they did n't offer pickles , there were no special extras , no kraut , just disappointing . montreal has much better choices .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "an institution that we had to visit to see how it stacked up against langer 's and katz ' . smoked meat sandwich hit the spot but it was real close to approaching borderline dry . a lot of flavor and i 'm happy we went . real good fries . we split a sando here and went across the street to main street deli which in my opinion had the better of the smoked meat sandwiches . needless to say i 'd take langer 's or katz ' any day over schwartz 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "midway through my first smoked meat sandwich , i ordered a second . it was there in three minutes . they have a heck of a system . go there and see it . buy a shirt if you can .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "split 1 full fat and 1 medium sandwich with a friend . get a plate of fries , cherry coke , cole slaw and a pickle . schwartz 's is an experience one must take part of at least once in their life ... or as many times as possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we headed to schwartz 's from guy and sherbrooke on foot after a long train ride from toronto . we arrived around 2:30 on a friday afternoon and were quite hungry by that point . when we saw the lineup that was 20+ people , we almost gave up , but overhearing some of the raves from those ahead of us we decided to wait . i 'm glad we did as the line moved quickly , and once inside our food came even more quickly . listening to people in the line i ordered the lean sandwich and my husband the medium with fries and a pickle to share . sandwiches are basic , served on rye ( ours were un-toasted ) with a bit of mustard . everything was excellent . my husband did n't really know where we were heading to when i took him there , and almost gave up once he saw the line , but left plotting to come back for one ( or preferably all ) of our remaining meals in the city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when you think about smoked meat sandwiches , you think schwartz 's . but then you think long lineups , meh ambiance & a loud dining area where everything smells like smoked meat . that said , schwartz 's makes the best smoked meat sandwiches no question about it . a pound of smoked meat stacked in between rye bread with a dash of mustard . what 's not to like about it . you have an option of askin for lean meat . but leaner the meat , less juicer it is , not to mention less tasty . also get the pickle . this is a cash only establishment so make sure you are carrying cash . they do have an atm in the back ( but you end up paying 2.50 for a transaction ) food - great service - ok ambiance - what you talkin bout willis worth the money - awwwwwyeaaaaahhhh", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing place , straight forward menu . this place has that vintage ambience when you are sitting here biting your sandwich and looking at the pictures hanging to the wall , you get that sense of fulfilment from inside . must visit place in montreal ! almost always a line up outside , but its all worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being in montreal for f1 , ment that i had to try schwartz . and i was not disappointed . except for the line . after a long wait , i got the smoked meat sammich to go , since seating was lacking . once on the street , i chomped down on the meaty goodness in full view of the patrons in line . perhaps that was a bit rude , but i 'm murican ! oh well ! only regret was not visiting schwartz when i first got there and not ordering more than two sammiches ... .next time i wo n't forget !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two words : eat here . everything is good . try the 1 2 sour , it 's a crunchy pickle . amazing chicken but the smoked meat is a must . always friendly service to top it off too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a disclosure is in order - it is probably impossible to get me to admit that a jewish deli anywhere could measure up to the exacting standards set by the iconic establishments in new york . that said , a trip to schwartz 's was an unexpectedly pleasant experience . granted their `` smoked meat '' is not exactly pastrami , but it was excellent - flavorful , succulent , and tender . on top of it , the pickles were fine and the coleslaw ( i selected the one effectively without dressing ) was fresh and tasty . so , when in montreal , by all means give this place a go - it 's a fine establishment . you can certainly get a nice deli sandwich in this town . montreal-style bagels , however , are a completely different story ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a new jersey native that frequents new york city delis , i have to say , schwartz 's rivals katz 's and 2nd avenue deli . i 'm in montreal with a friend for the weekend , and my father , a deli aficionado , begged me to visit this restaurant . after reading the reviews , we expected our lunchtime wait to be much longer than it was . we reached the front of the line relatively quickly , and were seated at a table with two couples . both of us opted to order the smoked meat sandwich ( in case you 're wondering - that 's pastrami ) and sour pickles . it was some of the best pastrami i 've ever had . the flavor and texture of the meat were perfect , and it had just the right amount of fat . the rye was flavorful . the pickle was hands down one of the best pickles i 've ever eaten . we both left full and happy , and i 'll definitely return if i 'm ever in the area again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kind of a huge deal in montreal but honestly , the food was only ... good . it was tasty smoked meat and bread on the menu with some fries and side options but they focus on that brisket . the meat itself was saltier than i liked and the lean was a bit dry while the medium was way too fat . good thing our wait was short being a weekday afternoon because i do n't really get all the hype ? the poutine we ordered was surprisingly good though ! not too salty and very crispy fries not quite drowning in gravy , it was my favourite thing here ... not to say do n't come but i 'd prefer waiting for something better . it 's worth it to say i 've tried it though ! although rushed and quick service , the people working there are really nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "an institution yes . same as it was no . one of those examples of selling out to become more commercial . posters everywhere advertising their swag . not the best smoked meat by a long shot . dry and crumbly . pickles were great . poutine was average . been , done , wo n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am still reeling on how disappointing this was . dry meat that smelled like body odor , stacked high on stale bread and slathered with mustard . the service was excellent and the staff was very friendly- but that does n't make up for how disappointed i was with this foul smelling sandwich . i 'm happy there was n't a line when we went because i would have pretty disgruntled if i had waited for this . it 's a landmark so i truly wanted to love it , but i have been to several deli 's that do this simple sandwich so much better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the line was insane . we opted out and decided to order take out and we sat at some bar stools by there . we were in and out in 10 minutes . the smoked meat sandwich was delicious ! ! everything was so soft . and the bread soaked up the juices . i will come here every time im in canada", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a montreal institution serving smoked meats for almost a century . there 's a reason why it 's been doing so - it tastes good . i had the classic smoked meats sandwich . it 's a lot of meat for very little bread and i suppose that 's why north americans love such places , but my european palette would have loved a bigger trenche du pain and mibbe some peppers , onions and tomato in the mix . that said the staff were friendly and it tastes good . so alls well that ends well . i 'm glad i went .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "over hyped . staff was friendly and the store was super busy at lunch time . the one thing that really got to me is how salty it was . it was okay for taste but not worth for waiting the line . they are not that clean atmosphere and small table is little uncomfortable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came up with a foodie adventure list for my trip to montreal and swartz ranked # 1 . having seen it mentioned on anthony bourdain 's parts unknown : montreal and other food travel shows , it was a must-try according to many people and i have to agree with them ! i 'm originally from california and this was my first time trying canada 's `` smoked meat '' . it reminded me of a pastrami sandwich , but less greasy . my boyfriend and i each had our own smoked meat sandwich . sharing is not caring in this instance , we both cleaned our plates . the sourdough bread and mustard really compliment the smoked meat , overall it was a great and hearty sandwich . try their coffee . it was surprisingly pretty good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i normally get montreal smoked meat when my brother comes back to toronto . he gets the smoked meat just before he leaves and it 's almost always dry and under salted . obviously the fresh hot smoked meat is the best , but i do n't live in montreal . but now schwartz have came up with a solution - vaccum sealed packaging . i love it ! i do n't know if it 's a new idea . of course it 's still not as good as eating it montreal , but it 's a vast improvement from before . well done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the liver plate was my favorite . the place is an authentic montreal experience . i hated the waiting line though and not so many options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i could eat a smoked meat sandwich from swartz 's every day . delicious meat , topped with mustard , on rye bread . scrumptious . not overly salty or soggy . they cook so much , it 's always fresh . do n't be discouraged by the line outside the door , it moves quick ! once you get through the doors , your service is awesome , food comes fast . they are overly crowded , hard to walk in and out of the door . bar is an option to sit at . they do accept america dollars , but charge slightly more if you decide to pay that way . they also charge extra if you split any sandwich .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for a smoked meat sandwich ! ! there was a long line , but thankfully it was just two of us so we got to cut to the front . my husband got their fatty smoked meat sandwich , and i got their medium smoked meat sandwich- the fatty is definitely better ! served on fresh rye bread with a little smear of mustard . we also got a plate of fries to share .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "evidemment le meilleur smoked meat \u00e0 montr\u00e9al . possibilit\u00e9 d'acheter la viande fum\u00e9e schwatz 's \u00e9galement au supermarch\u00e9 . une tr\u00e8s bonne place si vous venez visiter la ville en tant que touriste .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "based on my recent visit i have to say schwartz has good but overrated smoked meat . numerous delis , sandwich shops and restaurants in nyc ( and i 'm sure elsewhere ) serve tastier pastrami and corned beef sandwiches . the more famous shops charge close to $ 20 u. s. a sandwich while schwartz only charges around $ 10 canadian though the sandwich at schwartz is quite a bit smaller . the smoked meat at schwartz is quite lean and the seasoning is a bit bare bones . it is not bad but i would n't drive out of my way during a visit to montreal for a smoked meat sandwich from here . on the other hand the smoked meat poutine was very tasty with a delicious gravy , fries and cheese providing moisture to compliment the lean bits of smoked meat . i felt it was a lot more worth the close to $ 10 price tag it shares with the smoked meat sandwich . this is something the shops back in nyc definitely do n't provide . i love montr\u00e9al !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the line for lunch was relatively long but it was worth the wait . this small deli serves up tasty smoked meat sandwiches . i really enjoyed the black cherry cola too . definitely worth another visit the next time i am in montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok guys . i have been eating smoked meat in montreal my whole life . this is a brand name but is not necessarily the best place ever . go when you can avoid a line . otherwise go across the street .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best smoked meat in town . there 's often a line but the service is swift .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "get the fatty ! delicious smoked meat sandwich ! great service . there was a line out the door but it moved rather quickly . only downside is that you share tables with others which was different for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "montreal smoked meat . with poutine and cole slaw . nothing fancy , just good food and fast service . we shared a huge sandwich , there was so much meat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took the smoked meat sandwich , and i have to say , this place has not lived up to the hype . the meat was so-so , the bread was pretty underwhelming and the fries ( as a side ) were nothing special . the coleslaw , on the other hand , had a great flavor to it . overall , not really worth the money if you 're here for the smoked meat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the place i ran into my acquaintance who was also visiting from new york . this could say how hot this spot is . meat is still good , oh yeah~", "score": "5"}
{"review": "attendre aussi longtemps pour quelque chose d'aussi banal ... clairement c'est totalement surcot\u00e9 que ce soit en qualit\u00e9 et en prix", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went to schwartz last friday . staff is as funny and entertaining as ever .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i dream about schwartz 's ... ..it 's that good ! ! ! the first thing i wanted to eat after i stepped off my 8 hour flight from california was a `` fatty '' smoked meat sandwich and i do n't care how long the line was i 'd stand in it . every single bite is so mouth watering as the meat simply falls apart and the flavors are extraordinary ! ! you have your choice of the `` lean '' meat which still has a little bit of fat still but what 's the point ? you need to go all out here fatty all the way . do n't forget to order some fries , a cherry coke , and some pickles to complete the meal . the last time i had schwartz 's was probably a little over ten years ago but i can still remember it vividly . thank you schwartz 's for making my trip to montreal complete ! ! je t'aime ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here thinking that this was a wannabe new york deli . boy was i wrong . this restaurant made such an impact in the city of montreal that they even created a stage play based on the restaurant itself . despite the acclaim , it kept its `` hole in the wall '' appearance . their specialty here is the smoked beef . their very tender slices of smoked beef melt in your mouth between two very basic slices of bread and mustard . i also ordered their steak , which was cooked with a delicious pepper marinade . not to mention their french fries were crispy and amazing ! it gets packed in there sometimes so do n't be surprised to sit with strangers at the same table while enjoying your meal . our waiter was very kind and helpful . i was thoroughly impressed with the food ( the obvious main highlight in this establishment ) . i hope to come to montreal again sometime and enjoy this amazing spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mouth waters when i think about this place . in my mind , the traditional smoked meat sandwich here is probably the best in north america ( in the ny vs. montreal battle ) . if you 're a tourist , you have to stop by this place ! i grabbed it to go and i love the sandwich 's triangular shape . love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a classic . i hate having to find my way through the tourists , but it beats the other nitrate infused copies everywhere . at risk of letting the cat out of the bag , it helps to know the cutter . there are different levels of doneness and dryness and you can tell by the colour of the meat . the right guy will give you the goods if you tip well at the take out counter . if you 're eating in , it could be a great day or a mediocre day , but nothing beats the history .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is terrible . there 's no organization w the crowds who come to stand in line ( what line ? ! ) thinking it 's worth the wait . total chaos . the dudes who work there are absolutely rude b c they can be . it 's a huge tourist hot spot so no matter how rude they are , they know people will keep coming back . there 's no incentive to give decent service . their attitude : just order and get out . the food is mediocre . the bread was stale , the meat was dry . i prayed that the 1.5 hour wait was worth it ( my older sister refused to leave until she tried the food so i was stuck ) . i have learned over the years that checking out very popular spots are more likely a very bad idea due to the lack of incentive for the places to offer competitive service and quality . they really do n't have to and schwartz is a perfect example .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a must especially for any tourist . i eat here several times a month . best smoked meat in montreal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "layover or otherwise you have to go to schwartz 's when in montreal . that and st viateur bagels . must do it ! ! the best smoked meat period . wait outside in a constant line of carnivores waiting to satisfy their urge . line moves pretty quick . cozy close quarters , efficient friendly service , and that smoked meat ! ! ! sides of fries , slaw , and pickle . yum yum yum ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh yeah , enjoyed this . had the standard smoked meat sandwich , fries - and i tried to have a cherry cola too , after my son pointed it out . he did n't want a cherry cola himself , so i picked on up . ( there 's a point here . keep reading . ) sandwich was great . fries were out of this world . never got to try the cherry cola and my son stole it . yes , i was annoyed . next time i 'm going to montreal he 's simply not invited . : - note : they have no patience for newbs - watch the people before you to figure out about ordering and what 's what . would i recommend : yes would i return : yes . wish we had n't been in such a rush - would have been nice to have taken some time to walk up and down the street they are on , looked like it might be interesting shopping . next time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy deli , great smoked meats , fresh rye bread , big generous portions , worth the wait in line . the sandwich literally melts in your mouth . i can not visit montreal without getting one of these ( or two ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steve is the best server ! we ordered a pickle and two smoked meat sandwiches . since we were new yorkers , we had to compare their smoked meat to katz 's deli , and i have to admit schwartz 's is better . we ordered a half-pound for a train ride home the next day , and steve hooked it up . order lean . the table next to us ordered a steak that looked great and some smoked meat . this place is great . a must try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come to montreal as often as i can and try to make it to schwartz almost every time . usually i get takeout but lately i have found that there is no line if i get there around 10am for sort of an early lunch . you read the other reviews which give an excellent description of the featured product , the smoked meat sandwich . aside from this wonderful slow cooked uniquely flavored beef brisket you have delicious coffee and fries . go early order the smoked meat sandwich with a pickle and a side of fries . an interesting thing i learned was that most of the staff is 1st or 2nd generation portuguese transplant . those are the sort of things you can pick up on if you come early before the lines . you can truly appreciate the place . perhaps those that think this place is overrated should come back earlier in the morning and give it another try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've heard so many good things about this place so when my family and i stopped by montreal we had to give this place a try ! we got there pretty late ( around 8:30pm ) and there still was a line leading to the front door ! it was sort of confusing because there were two lines , i guess one was for eating in and the other was for take out . inside is quite small and is n't the cleanest ( but who cares because you 're here for the smoked meat ) , service was very attentive and quick , and the sandwiches were very decently priced ! my leftovers were a nice little snack the next day . overall a decent place to grab a bite = )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a well-known establishment that has lots of fans and lovers . i get it , i 've been to really good delis and this is better than ok . but i do n't understand the hype and lore . it 's a pretty good deli but ... the smoked meats are good and you need to order your cuts with fat in order to get a good sandwich . if you 're in the neighborhood , check it out but i was a little disappointed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's everything i dreamed of and more . excellent tasting , delicious smoked meat piled high and steaming hot atop what seems to be bread made there ( not 100 % , did n't see any signs ) . sat at the counter and the guys were joking with customers in three or four different languages while i was there . talk about great customer service . i 'll be going back at least a couple times more before i leave montreal and am sure i 'll be craving this place when i get back to seattle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place ! like most other reviewers , heard about montreal 's famous smoked meat sandwiches . huge portions , reasonably priced , friendly staff . just a great place to try out whenever visiting montreal . would definitely go again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the line can be long , but it moves pretty quickly . service is fast and the food is never disappointing . i recommend trying their classic smoked meat sandwich with fries and a pickle !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it seems funny to me how the best reviews on this restaurants are all from people not from montreal ... i 'm not saying its not good smoked meat . but seriously , unless you are a masochist and enjoy long waits and rude service , go somewhere else . its not good enough to go through the ordeal of getting your food and getting kicked out almost before you are even finished . this is a tourist trap if i 've ever seen one .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it was just ok , i 've had better , we ordered the smoke meat and a second sandwich , turkey with a side of fries . service was friendly , average prices and we had to wait in line for about 10 minutes ( lunch hour ) . hate to say , not worth it , maybe if you 've never had a smoked meat sandwich , go for it , but otherwise you can skip it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you 're a fan of smoked meat ( and if you are n't you damned well should be ) then this is a must-visit location when you visit montreal . our group always hits schwartz 's on the way out of town for a couple of sandwiches each so we can enjoy fatty , smokey goodness all the way to vermont . it 's a wee bit out of the way , but the tremendously tasty meat makes it a must .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i had just two sandwiches to eat as a last meal , they would both be here . holy stars , hundreds of little smoked briskets being coaxed to perfection for our enjoyment. ? this place is ridiculous . it 's time for a st. viateur bagel for dessert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quality . however , a bit upsetting that they have swayed from their roots in recent times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is cramped and a little grimy looking but the smoked meat is the best in montreal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "smoked meat piled high on a thin slice of rye what more could you want ? and why ? almost $ 8 for a tasty sandwich , not bad . about half as much as those famous delis in nyc . possibly a tad drier than those , but that 's what mustard is for ! somehow , it does n't feel as sinful either .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ordered our sandwiches to go , and when they handed me the little rolled up sandwiches , my thoughts were , `` really ? this is it ? should i order another one ? '' then when i unwrapped it , my thoughts were , `` hmmm , the slices of bread are so small ! how will this hold up to the meat ? '' and then , i took a bite and my thoughts were , `` mmmmm , nom nom nom . '' the meat really was tender and juicy and flavorful . and though i picked the fat off , it was hard to because it was so ... gooey , and melty . the bread portion was perfect . however , i would not recommend the fries , they were greasy and just ... not their specialty . stick with the meat . oh , and yes , the one sandwich really filled me up ! my husband even had to save some of his for later because it was that filling !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sandwhich , fries , a pickle to share and a black cherry cola . that 's all you need to say ! the best stuff in the city . if you are from out of town ( and more-so if from ny city ) - do n't call our smoked meat pastrami ! you 'll end up with an earfull from the person next to you , or your waiter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought it was overrated . boy , was i wrong ! it was so so good ! the meat was juicy and the thickness was perfect ! i do n't usually eat mustard and in this case , the mustard really brings out the smoked meat taste ! we went really late at night so there was no line . i heard there 's usually a big lineup so we were lucky . the decor was just like any deli place . i also saw that a lot of people ordered that cherry soda if i remember . it 's worth it ! if you never went there , try it at least once ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last time i went to schwartz i was 13 years old . its been almost 20 years and its still awesome . the all you can eat side was just too busy , so went to the take out side ( go this route if your not going to eat 2-3 ) . the line up was super fast and there 's still a few tables to sit at in the back . i 'm sure i do n't need to tell you , if your in montreal make this a stop . the meat is simply mouth watering and falls apart when you eat it ! ate smoked meat at a couple other stops and it just was n't as good or even close to the same .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i confess , i came here because i read schwartz 's is a must-do experience while in montr\u00e9al and i had a great experience . there is always a huge line so if you plan to eat at the deli and not to take-out , be prepared for a long wait . once inside , the service is quite fast and everything is very well organized . the restaurant is always so packed that once you are seated , you will have very little room to move . we ordered two smoked meat sandwiches ( $ 9.60 each ) and they were delicious , the meat was very tender and the portion was just right .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was just ok , overrated tourist attraction , go to marche jean-talon instead and look for willams , their sandwich is much better !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do it the local way : a medium fat smoke meat with cherry coke and a pickle , as described in one of the greatest canadian literature `` barney 's version '' by mordecai richler . the local vibe and flavor really bring you back in time , especially late at night when there 're less tourists . and you get to observe something like this : an old staff at the counter talked about life lessons and how to stay in a happy marriage to the younger staffs , an up-tight couple wearing fur coats and cocktail outfits showed up at the doorway and got turned down by the servers ... it 's certainly a special place that you ca n't find elsewhere : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "of course we had to stop there as this was one of the first 'raved ' places in montr\u00e9al that i have read about . we got there on a sunday morning ( ~10:00 ) , so it was n't crowded yet . we easily got a table without a hassle . we got the smoked meat sandwich ( on rye bread ) . modest looking sandwich , but the quality was superb ! the meat was tasty and smoked really nicely . i 'm not a big rye person , but the rye bread went really well with the meat . got coleslaw that was ordinary and french fries that was really good ( i 'd say almost sweet-tasting ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is obv a tourist jaunt , but no matter . the smoked meat was really good . akin to katz or sarges or similar goodness in nyc jewish delis . ( i still prefer katz - just had it the other day ) . what shocked me most was the price . only $ 6 for a sandwich loaded with meat ? that 's about a third of the nyc prices . wow . me like . if u do n't wan na wait in line 10 to 30 minutes , u can go next door to their takeout section and eat it standing up . one sandwich and half an order of fries should fill you up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just recently had some of their smoked meat , and its was incredibly good . my friend had been to montreal on the weekend and brought some back for me . even though it was cold and had to be reheated , it was delicious ! i ca n't even begin to fathom what it would taste like if it was fresh and hot ... this is a must visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , hello smoked meat sandwich ! my friends and i went to this place at at 12am since that 's when we arrived in montreal . yup , it was our first stop . the guys were adamant on this and from all the other ratings you can see why . got the smoked meat sandwich ( medium because i ca n't give in to my inner fatty ... at least not in front of my friends ) , fries and a cherry pop , which apparently is the drink to have to wash it all down . topped the sandwich with some mustard , inhaled it and washed it down with cherry pop . delicious . done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "get the food to go ! do n't be discouraged by the long line outside . that 's the line for dining in the restaurant . i figured that too late and made a couple attempts before figuring out there are two sides to this place . one for take out and one side for the restaurant . i even settled for the place across the street . still good , but does n't compare . stick to schwartz ! the smoked meat sandwich is worth getting . meat is on point and moist enough . the bread is really soft . do n't leave this place without the coleslaw ! it 's probably the best i 've had so far . it completes the sandwich !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was visiting a friend in montreal and accidently happened upon this gem of a deli . it was about 11:30pm when i popped in , and the place was all but mine . i asked my sandwich artist what i should have , and he quickly replied `` the smoked meat sandwich young man '' . smoked meat sandwich , fries side of spicy red peppers with a coke , and i was a half buzzed and completely stuffed man .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time in montreal . my cousin 's friend recommended this place to him . being in montreal is like being in a france . everything was french to us . being from nyc , we are familiar with kosher food , esp smoked meat . the menu was very limited . the waiter basically said order the beef or chicken sandwich . lean , medium or fatty for the beef for about $ 10 c. the sandwich was good , but the meat was small portioned . ben 's in queens gave 2-3 times much for about the same price . the place only took cash and gave a 10 % discount for us dollars when the rate was close to 20 % . it was an interesting experience , but would not go back again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i gives katz in new york 5 stars , i would give main deli ( cross street from schwartz 's ) 4 stars , and schwartz 's would be 3 stars . we bought one medium smoked meat sandwich from main and one from schwartz 's . schwartz 's maybe the oldest smoked meat sandwich place in town , but main deli 's sandwich is better . it 's more juicy and tasty . if you do n't believe me , you should compare them yourself !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while i 'm not sure that `` yay ! i 'm a fan '' encapsulates my feelings about schwartz 's , that 's where we 'll leave it . `` famous '' places like this are usually vastly disappointing . but a sandwich of pretty high quality can be had for $ 5.50 cdn . the pickles are pretty decent . the fries are n't great . and you 'll probably be treated to a progression of baffling american tourists . on my visit , i sat next to a well-proportioned girl who was dining with a an ultra-heavy man for whom sandwich cramming apeared an exertive , aerobic activity . not satisifed with the ( generous ) dimensions of his sandwich , he also found time to consume half a loaf of rye bread , three 1 2 sour pickles , his lady friend 's french fries and two 7 ups . while his friend lover paid , he fanned himself for several seconds before working up the wherewithal to descend from his stool .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "medium fat smoked meat on rye !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was determined to eat a sandwich from here so i went when it opened hoping to grab a sandwich to go so we could eat for lunch . was dismayed to find they do n't sell sandwiches that early . but i could buy lbs of meat to go , so i asked for 2 lbs not realizing that 's a lot of meat . drove that meat all the way back to queens , ny and made reuben sandwiches straightaway . probably not the same as theirs but amazing nonetheless and definitely worth the cad $ ~30 i paid for it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "much has already been said about the iconic schwartz 's , but i 'll echo all of those things . schwartz 's is not just a deli , but an experience . walking in , you feel like you 've stepped into 1955 and it is awesome . fortunately , i went in the middle of the afternoon on a weekday in november so i only waited 10 mins or so for seats at the bar . it was , at first , overwhelming to order but the guy behind the counter simplified it . there is really only one thing to get -- the smoked meat sandwich . i opted for the middle option ( some fat , some lean ) and it was delicious . food came out super quick and paired with fresh , hot fries and a pickle , it was an extremely satisfying meal . do keep in mind , it is cash only . they do take us currency , but at a 10 % premium . this place is super hyped , but deservingly so and should defintely make it on any montreal visitors list .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been really excited to check out schwartz 's since i planned a trip to montreal . i had the famous smoked meat sandwich but admittedly , it left a lot to be desired . it did n't taste any different or better than any corned beef i 've had , so although it was good , i do n't really understand the hype .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we arrived on a weekday sunday rainy late afternoon and our montreal friend was shocked at how short the line was . there were a few parties waiting to eat in but we decided to take advantage of their to go area and brought it back to our friend 's apartment to eat leisurely . the smoked meat sandwich was inexpensive ( $ 5.99 ) and smelled delicious but it 's surprisingly small . i guess this is a must-try in montreal and the smoked meat sandwich was tasty enough , but not that impressed in terms of flavor or size compared to la stops .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meilleur smoke meet a montr\u00e9al . une institution incontournable . endroit exigue avec serveurs mocheton mais rapide . attention , toujours une file d'attente interminable . parfois plus rapide et simple de commander pour manger \u00e0 l'ext\u00e9rieur .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "oh , my word ! smoked meat sandwich to rival anything katz ny has to offer . and tasty fries , and slaw with a sweet vinegar dressing , and pickle . wife ordered a steak ... got a thin grilled steak-very good-with a side of smoked meat , couple of pieces of smoked sausage , fries , slaw , pickle , bread . seating is `` cozy '' ... meaning when people get up others are seated . we were surprised that the young men at our table were from vanderbilt univ , only about 3 hrs from home ! loved the showcase window of the cafe loaded with smoked briskets & sausages . waited only about 15 minutes to get in ... line was half a block long when we left . cash only ! ! wonderful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is best ( and cheapest ) meal i had while in montreal ! i could have gone here every day . i had the smoked meat ( medium ) sandwich with a pickle . i did n't get the peppers but they looked awesome ! the servers were good and the sandwich came out fast . if you like your personal space , you should probably get a sandwich to go . you sit in cramped tables with random people , but i think the sandwich makes up for that . everyone has to try schwartz 's during their visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't even realize it was possible for brisket to be this tender . i got the famous smoked meat sandwich with fat , and it was the best meat sandwich i 've ever had . the texture of the meat was so soft and rich that i had no idea how the employees were able to slice it without it completely falling apart . the price is very reasonable , and the overall look of the place , pricing , and menu seems to reflect the place sticking to its roots and continuing to do what it does best , while remaining accessible to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like a place that does a few things and does them very well . too many options make me anxious . at schwartz 's , the smoked meat on rye and pickle are pretty much all you need ( maybe fries too ) . it 's not just for tourists - the meat is really delicious and extremely satisfying ( to the point of inducing a food coma ) . do n't plan to do or think much afterward . but worth the wait . also , they move people through pretty fast , so do n't be daunted by the queue .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll probably be forcefully removed from montreal for this but schwart 's is not mind-blowing . do n't get me wrong , the smoked meat is good and i would , and possibly will , get it again . but i certainly do n't see why ppl are lining up around the block to get in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best smoked meat in montreal . fatty has the best flavour but it makes you feel like a pile of sludge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's all about the smoked beef . growing up in new york city the vibe reminds me of home . it is a montreal twist to a nyc style corn beef or pastrami sandwich with mustard , pickles , and cole slaw . you need to pay with cash and it 's not cheap , but not overpriced for what you get .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "une l\u00e9gende et une institution \u00e0 montr\u00e9al . un peu cramp\u00e9 si on va dans le restaurant et tellement bruyant que c'est pas tr\u00e8s id\u00e9al pour un souper romantique \u00e0 deux . souvent il y a de l'attente , impossible de prendre des r\u00e9servations afin d'\u00e9viter l'attente . la poutine \u00e0 la viande fum\u00e9e est trop bonne !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the to-go line moves quick so do n't be too upset if you ca n't get into the restaurant , as was our case . big but not unconquerable sandwiches and two types of really good coleslaw . not quite a new york kosher ( style ) deli ... but definitely some jews canada can be proud of !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was told that no trip to montreal is complete without hitting up schwartz 's for their classic meat sandwich . the sandwich comes loaded with tender smoked meat and mustard . if you like pickles , order one on the side . the crisp tanginess of the pickle really complements the hearty sandwich . soda lovers should try the black cherry coke . i do n't drink much soda , and even i loved it . the flavor is very sweet , sort of in the same family as grape juice , and pairs well with the smoked meat . while schwartz 's is definitely worth a visit for the charm factor , i would not say they make the best meat sandwich i 've ever had . the bread was too soft in the center and the crust was too chewy . i could also have used more flavor - maybe marinate the meat with more salt or pepper , or add some onions . i gave 4 stars for combination food and ambience , but the sandwich alone is more like 3-3.5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it exceeded the hype for me . the smoked meat and the pickle were so good and so good together . this is one tourist trap that can trap me anytime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no words can describe the smoked meats that are produced at schwartz ... i look forward to every visit whilst in montreal ! my wife and i always buy extra meat for the two home , and usually have orders for our friend back in mass . seating is fun and the restaurant is always busy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although you 're probably going to have to wait a relativity long time , and you 're probably going to have to share a table , it is worth it . the service was super fast , and being from nyc , prices were reasonable at around $ 8 a sandwich . you get what you pay for !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh how i missed this place since the last time i came . this place gets busy quickly and lineups are down the sidewalk . the smoked meat is amazing especially with the mustard . remember to down it with a cherry cola . yummy . till next time", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yes , it 's that good . the holy grail of smoked meat sandwiches on the island awaits inside schwartz 's doors . you may have to wait a bit to get in , and it may be a bit cramped , but it is completely worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the smoked meat makes katz 's look like lunchables", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is amazing ( i always order a large platter with fatty meat ) . why only four stars ? service is hit-or-miss.i once brought an american friend here and the service was so bad it really left a bad taste in his mouth ... it 's not the kind of impression you want to leave tourists visiting montreal . also , do not order smoked turkey . in the spirit of thanksgiving , we once ordered a small platter of smoked turkey . it was literally sliced cold cuts of turkey meat , the type you would expect to find in the deli section of your local grocery store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so they treat you like dirt , the place itself looks like it has n't been cleaned since 1978 , they only accept cash , and the grease masquerading as meat is served between two pieces of bland . seriously were it not for the mustard i would n't have been able to eat it . can someone explain to me why people line up for this ? i lived in montreal two years , and i had it exactly once . and once is enough .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great sandwiches but crazy line .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't go here often cause of the long lines and um , up-close-and-personal seating , but on the rare occasion that i do , it has always been a treat . schwartz 's is renowned for a reason , their smoked meat is definitely top notch . you can even order it less or more fatty ( varies depending on my mood ) . add some fries and a black cherry soda with that and you are set for life .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! ! this place is definitely a must-try in montreal . succulent hot smoked meat sandwich on rye ? hand made fries , soda , and mac salad ... .about 7000 calories later i was still drooling . i want to go back here for sure ! i 've been to kat'z in nyc and this place is equally as amazing at a fraction of the price . also- go to the take out side if you 're a small group- they also accept card on that side . : -b go here . now ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "un classique \u00e0 montr\u00e9al ! la viande fum\u00e9 chez schwartz est excellente ! en plus , ils s'adaptent a la demande des gens sur le type de viande ( mi-gras ou maigre ) cest une experience \u00e0 faire au moins une fois dans sa vie !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a classic of montreal and a must try for any carnivore . delicious and beautifully flavoured montreal smoked meat . i do n't think you can do any better . be ready for tight squeezes as it is always busy and tables are shared .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a must when you visit montreal.. it 's more like a tourist attraction .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know this is the place to come for montreal smoked meat and i do n't think it will disappoint you . there 's a reason they are so popular . i think it 's just too fatty for me . maybe it was just my sandwich but last time we visited i do n't remember it being so fatty . the pickle was pretty sad too , more squishy than crunchy . the fries should n't be the star here but they were this visit . i hate to give 3 stars but i know they can handle it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "\u5370\u8c61\u4e2d\u72b9\u592a\u996e\u98df\u548c\u963f\u62c9\u4f2f\u996e\u98df\u8fd1\u4f3c\uff0c\u76f8\u7231\u76f8\u6740\u76f8\u4e92\u4f24\u5bb3\u4e48\u3002\u5374\u6ca1\u6709\u6599\u5230\u8fd9\u5bb6\u6bd4\u60f3\u8c61\u7684\u66f4\u52a0\u795e\u4f3c\u897f\u5b89\u56de\u6c11\u7684\u814a\u725b\u8089\u5939\u998d\uff0c\u7b80\u76f4\u50cf\u795e\u4e86\u3002\u9762\u5305\u5c11\u4e9b\uff0c\u8089\u8d28\u66f4\u8bb2\u7a76\uff0c\u7ea4\u7ef4\u7ec6\u5c0f\u4e9b\uff0c\u4f46\u662f\u8272\u9999\u5473\u51e0\u4e4e\u5b8c\u5168\u662f\u814a\u725b\u8089\u7684\u8def\u5b50\uff0c\u8fd8\u575a\u6301\u8981\u4e86\u4e00\u4e2aliver steak \u5c31\u662f\u70e4\u809d\uff0c\u670d\u52a1\u5458\u4e0d\u63a8\u8350\uff0c\u6211\u4eec\u89c9\u5f97\u633a\u597d\u3002\u5e97\u5c0f\u4eba\u591a\uff0c\u6392\u961f\u5de8\u957f\uff0c\u4f46\u662f\u5e97\u5458\u4eb2\u5207\u7a33\u91cd\uff0c\u611f\u89c9\u5f88\u597d\u3002\u552f\u4e00\u4e0d\u59a5\u662f\u53ea\u80fd\u73b0\u91d1\uff0c\u5e97\u5185atm\u548c\u65c1\u8fb9\u94f6\u884c\u90fd\u4e0d\u652f\u6301\uff0c\u51fa\u95e8\u5de6\u62d0\u8d70\u4e86300\u7c73\uff0c\u5e78\u4e8f\u4e00\u4e2aicbc\u53d6\u6b3e\u673a\u5728\u8d85\u5e02\u91cc\u53d6\u4e86\u94b1\u3002", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first order of business upon reaching montreal . got 1 fatty , 1 regular smoked meat sandwich + fries . my advice : just get the fatty sandwich . no point getting to schwartz 's and not going all out , fat is flavour ! also , would skip the fries , while they were good , save your appetite for the enormous sandwich !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a classic , the food is good , but the line is miserable . sure , you can just go through the take out line , which is markedly faster , but if i 'm in the mood to sit down and enjoy smoked meat this will not be my first pick . if you want to be seated quicker and have the choice to sit on a terrace i 'd suggest the place across the street , main .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a tourist , i had to stop by since all my friends were raving about it . i ordered the medium smoked meat sandwich , fries , and coleslaw . fries and coleslaw were mediocre at best . the smoked meat was thick cut , stacked high , and very tender . however , it 's quite pricey for such a small sandwich . it 's a nice place to check out once but would n't go back . i 'm sure there are better smoked meat places for cheaper that i can discover .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok , so yes , this is a tourist trap , but damn , it 's worth it . this was the best brisket i have ever had . be prepared to wait ( ! ) . surprisingly though , it was very quite inside - i guess everyone was too busy noshing on the outstanding food to say anything . cash only . a top 5 five 2014 experience - definitely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the smoked meat is good but end of the day , it 's smoked meat . about 1 4 of the smoked meat was a bit drier than i had liked . overrated reputation ? a bit . service is prompt and some of the servers are very friendly . some are just unnecessarily rude .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was on a day trip to montreal , and searched yelp for `` best smoked meat sandwich '' . this place did n't disappoint . it was exactly what i expected , rye , meat and mustard , stacked thick , and dripping . i felt like i had stepped back in time , as i 'm sure this place has n't changed a bit in 50 years . did n't have one , but saw some pickles that looked delicious ... a must stop place when in montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband the carnivore , loved this place . he said the meat was smoked and tender and just amazing . there 's a long line to eat inside the restaurant , but the take out line is short and you can grab a stool by the counter and eat there as well . excellent quality and soft and juicy strips keep you well fed in the cold !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "line up to long for smoke meat in front other side of the street i prefer main deli the price is better and the food also", "score": "2"}
{"review": "perfect for what it is . went in thinking i 'd be let down and ... i was not . a great deli and a great sandwich . wait was n't very long at all for us either so that was a nice surprise ! we 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "like many have suggested , this is a must-go if it is your first time in montreal . the smoked meat is fantastic yes , however i think it is pretty over-priced for a sandwich of this size . higher prices likely due to volume of tourists going through . it will run you $ 20 for a sandwich , fries , and a pop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the must hit spot anytime in montreal . mmmmmmmmm smoked meat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the line-up is worth the wait ! ignore your diet for today . do n't go for the lean cut , get the old fashion traditional smoke meat on rye .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 've been to nyc and have gone to katz 's deli , then this will be a similar experience . i do like katz 's deli better , but i 'm sure some people would disagree with me . this is a pretty typical deli ; stand in line , wait , order at the deli , pay as you leave . simple , quick , no bs . the staff was friendly and knew how to slice meat like professionals . i got the pastrami sandwich . it was small but tasty . the prices did n't seem too bad for a big city either . if i 'm in montreal again , i 'd come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfection ! the smoked meat is like none other . a must for those visiting montreal to taste the authentic kosher sandwiches .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do i really have to post yet another comment ? i think we all know . just do it . get the brisket . you know you want to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was excellent . we had the meat `` brisket-like '' sandwiches on rye . superb ! the poutine was also very good as well . only thing was , we got there at 1:45 pm and there was a long line outside to have a sit down meal , so we went to the `` togo '' area . it was reasonably fast and we found a place , around the corner , in the shade , to stand and eat . we read the on line reviews and they were right on . not inexpensive but delicious . i highly recommend schwartz 's for a great sandwich just allow a fair amount of time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was visiting with family and had 3 kids ( under 5 ! ) and 4 adults in our party . the area to eat is very tight and only one of us was ordering the highly recommended smoke meat . with that being said , the staff could not have been nicer or more friendly . it was intimidating with the crowd and ordering not the recommended food , not to mention having the kids there but the food was still delicious and the staff was beyond friendly . they even offered to take a photo of us all ( without us asking at all ! ) . great experience and the smoked meat sandwich and turkey was awesome . highly recommend to visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "montreal incontournable ! worth the wait ! satisfying every time ! consider buying a lbs of warm smoked meat for take out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quand on va a montr\u00e9al , on y arr\u00eate , pas le choix . j'y ai \u00e9t\u00e9 souvent et c'est toujours pareil . pas l'endroit qu'on va pour le service et la gentillesse des serveurs , mais si tu veux un smoked meat c'est l\u00e0 que tu vas ! cherry coke.. yep !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sandwiches were great ! ! ! ! we 've decided to buy more before going back to torotno ! however , soft drinks are 1 4 of the price of sandwiches , not worth it . long line up uhhhh we waited 20 mins at almost 10pm", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i liked it fine , though i would n't go so far out of the way to get here next time . there 's smoked meat plenty of places in montreal in a better environment with a better menu selection as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when i eat smoked meat sandwiches , i base them all on the ones found here . best in the world . sometimes hard to find a parking spot . sometimes you have to wait in line just to get in . it 's that popular because its that good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow this place is incredibly overhyped . tried the smoked meat sandwich and the meat was just not that tender . the seasoning and flavor was pretty good though - i liked that it was not too salty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been going to schwartz 's for years . order the medium smoked meat sandwich with fries , half sour & cherry coke .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mythical place on st laurent . also , holy . do not enter : just observe the flock . just kidding . not even good , just a place for tourists . it 's okay . just observe .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for starters , make sure you 're in the correct line , as there 's one for dining-in and one for take out ! we waited in line for about 30 minutes ... worth every minute ! the meat was fantastic ; taste was awesome and great texture , it almost melts in your mouth . they give generous portions , a stack of smoked meat that falls out of the bread when eating it . although this place is known for their meat , their fries are also brag-worthy ! we got pickles and a side of french fries , which , when coupled with the sandwich was phenomenal ! ! i was not a fan of smoked meat prior to this expereince however this gem of a restaurant has me sold ! absolument !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "schwartz 's is the original and still the best smoked meat place , at least that i 've tried . however , the main across the street is almost as good , a bit cheaper , and has a better selection . no lineup to get in , either . that 's not meant to be too much of a dig at schwartz 's , which has always narrowly avoided being a real tourist trap . they could go the katz 's ( nyc ) route and charge $ 15 for a basic sandwich . but they do n't , which is not to be underestimated . i 'd suggest getting it for takeout ( the door on the left ) -- the line is shorter , there are still a few tables in that part of the restaurant , and the service on the right side ( where the lineups are ) , while fine , is n't anything special enough to be worth the extra wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was highly recommended by just about everyone , and for good reason ! there was a bit of a line up but it was worth it as the smoked meat sandwich was quite delicious . the rye bread could n't quite hold the large stack of meat that was stuffed in between the two slices , but the messiness is part of the experience . the restaurant has a very deli feel to it , as that 's exactly what it is . it 's not the type of food you sit down to eat , it 's more of a wait in line , grab a sandwich and walk around the street type of deal . overall the meat was delicious and worth the hype . it would be much better if there were more toppings offered to make it more complete .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you love smoked meat or even if you think you do n't ... go here ! while in montreal , my husband desperately wanted to eat at schwartz 's . my smoked meat experience has not been great but i agreed because i 'm a wonderful wife : ) i am now a schwartz 's convert . we waited in line for 2 minutes . we sat down in the packed deli and ordered 2 sandwiches medium , 2 drinks , 2 pickles ( yum ! ) and 1 order of fries . the food came quickly and it did not disappoint . the fries were hot and complimented the sandwiches . our bill was a little over $ 25 . we will definitely return on our next visit to montreal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we walked in and were immediately greeted with hospitality . we sat at the bar and by recommendation from our server got the medium smoked meat sandwich which was amazing ! we are glad we did n't go with the fatty ( you have 3 choices- lean , medium or fatty ) because it medium was perfect . meal came out literally 2 minutes after ordering . black cherry soda was very sweet but very tasty . nash is like a slim jim- worth trying , but not our favorite . the servers were funny , nice and made us feel right at home . one even made us each a paper napkin rose . totally satisfied !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good try . i had it for take out maybe it is a whole lot better devouring it on the spot . but please note , i walked 5 more steps outside the store front and chewed it all up ... i got the smoked meat , which seemed like it is the bread and butta of this place , and some fries.. the fries are nothing to remember about.. the smoked meat sandwich did n't have the ooomph of flavor for a smoked meat . it was a tad of the bland side ... a couple of my friend added their cole slaw to their sandwich which made it x100100002031083028 times better . it adds another texture and taste to the sandwich . it ai n't katz 's or langer 's in the sandwich and meat department , but it is a little cheaper ( not by much us dollars ) but then again the sandwich is smaller in quantity ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the smoked meat was super good , but this place is definitely overrated . it was also way overpriced . we paid about $ 40 for two sandwiches , two sodas and fries . i would n't go back if i had the chance . not really worth the money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "11 am was the perfect time to grab a sandwich . the line built up quickly outside as i ate . the smoked meat used the right part of beef with both lean and fat texture ( not fatty after being smoked ) , and it was cut evenly . the flavor , however , lacked a bit of flamboyance that outstanding smoked meat could have offered . there was not much complexity to the taste that was possible for such meat . the cherry soda helped -- i do not like it when drinking alone , but it somehow magically tasted better with the smoked meat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i rolled in at 11pm on a weeknight , hoping that it 'd be relatively empty . boy i was wrong . i am a tourist to the city and could barely say bonjour , so it was all overwhelming . nevertheless , i pushed on ahead and sat down at the counter and ordered a smoked meat sandwich . it tasted fantastic and salty . the mustard complimented it well . the meat was so tender that it fell off the fork . i had to eventually eat it with a fork because it just did n't hold together as a sandwich .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first and last place i went to when i was in montreal . i had heard of great things about schwartz 's from many of my friends . the smoked meat sandwich was just mind blowing . it was extremely flavorful and the meat was just right . the bread was a perfect combination with the smoked meat . get take-out ! it is a lot faster than the restaurant . i was in love with the flavor of he smoked meat that i could n't resist and purchased 2 gift bags of the seasoning just for myself . when you visit montreal , schwartz 's is a must ! you must come here or you 'll be missing out . i 'm sad that there is no where in new york that makes their meat even close to schwartz yet . i would definitely go back to montreal just to get the smoked meat sandwich again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "attention , there 's a line . it took us almost 20mins to get a table on a sunny saturday afternoon and the line was quite eye catchy , you will not miss this place when you are driving or striding along st laurent blvd . i am a huge fan of pastrami and i was really looking forward to the smoked meat sandwich at schwartz , please note that pastrami and smoked meat are different . the sandwiches are in right portions and the smoke meat goes really well with mustard . the meat is slightly fatter and juicer than pastrami . we also ordered a side of poutine and it was huge ! one funny thing about this restaurant is that you will often find yourself sharing a big table with strangers , does n't hurt to share some laughs and banter with the dude or girl next to you . quite an experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overrated in so many ways , this can hardly be called a smoked meat restaurant . disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the smoked meat.sandwhich is devine ! i ordered the medium fat and it tastes sooo good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to schwartz 's since the 70 's . it 's been bought and sold and kept it 's quality . not so much anymore . owned by chinese , quality has hit `` rock bottom '' . which is a good description of the texture of the meat these days . dry , and hard . try something else . pete 's , or if you 're in the hood , get a steak at moishes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my smoked meat sandwich was a solid 3 stars ... ..it was good , but for my tastes it was n't spiced nearly enough ; and some of the meat was chewier than i like . worth a try , sure , but if you 're seeking out the mother of all smoked meat sandwiches , i 'm sure you can find better in montreal . ( but if you do come here , the dark cherry pop is a must . )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we typically are not `` meat '' people , but had to try the smoked meat sandwich while in montreal and this was the place to get it . excellent . and very fun being served by franco .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "line up to sit down , take out was immediate . took out the sandwich and poutine . both amazing ! must eats in montreal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great smoked meat sandwich ! the restaurant is really small but they seat you and bring food really quickly . wife and i were in and out in 30min and there was n't a seat available !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "people say this is the katz of montreal but i disagree . schwartz smoked meat sandwich was drier and crumbly . i would have liked it more if it had more moisture in it . i loved the pickles but $ 1.25 more for a pickle on the side ? but a bite of the pickle and a bite of the sandwich was the perfect combination . there is always a line for sit in but i say just go next door for takeout . the line goes much faster .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "c'est une institution \u00e0 montr\u00e9al ! j'aime l'ambiance amicale et familiale . les serveurs sont vraiment gentils . tout \u00e7a fait en sorte de rendre la bouffe meilleur car elle est bien ordinaire . je respecte le nom et j'aime l'exp\u00e9rience quand on met les pieds dans le resto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome smoked meet , it 's melt in your mouth . it 's a small restaurant where you are asked to share a table with other patrons . there is always a lineup to go there , even in the wee hours of the morning . go to schwartz is an experience everyone should try at least once when they are in montreal , one of a kind", "score": "4"}
{"review": "une tr\u00e8s bonne adresse pour les amateurs de sandwichs pastrami . le lieu m\u00e9rite sa r\u00e9putation , j'y ai pass\u00e9 un moment agr\u00e9able et savoureux . le sandwich est \u00e0 tomber , faites le choix d'une viande maigre si vous le souhaitez digeste , et plus grasse si vous le d\u00e9sirez fondant . accompagnez le de frites , choux et d'une canette de black cherry soda pour un moment 100 % `` schawrt'sien '' . aucune fausse note dans ce temple de la smoked meat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there 's a reason why it 's been in business for over 80 years ! you have to eat here if you ever get a chance to visit montreal . been here 3 times at it 's just as delicious as the first . get the smoked meat sandwich and ask for medium fat . you can get less fat or more fat , but in between is where the money 's at . it 's piled on top of rye bread and topped with mustard . i never liked mustard until i had it with some schwartz 's smoked meat ! the poutine is just as delicious - the perfect side . if you have a large group forget about getting a table without a long wait . 2 or less is ideal for dining in because you 'll likely get a counter seat , but we still had a 20 minute wait at 1pm on a saturday . we 've been in and out in under 16 minutes , and in that amount of time you 'll be sufficiently satisfied !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is ok . although the sandwiches taste pretty good here , it 's a bit overpriced , imo . it 's one of those places that 's highly overrated and gets crowded too often and has huge line ups to get in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ahhhhhh-mazing ! ! ! we walked 20 minutes in the freezing cold to try this place . it was well worth it . i got the smoked meat sandwich with a pickle , fries , and a cherry coke . definitely hit the spot . we even bought some meat to take back to california . the staff was very friendly and welcoming ! we loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved this place ! i 've had my share of smoked meats in ny ( katz , 2nd ave deli , carnegie ) , but this place was completely comparable . the smoked meat sandwich was exactly the right portion with lots of meat smoked to perfection and not too salty ( a huge pet peeve of mine is when meat food in general is too salty ) . the mustard to go along with this was great as well . i highly recommend stopping by if you get the chance ! note : since the line went out the door for the restaurant , we went next door to the takeout shop and ate in the back -- perfect if you 're with a small group and want to enjoy the food without the wait . -l .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mouth is watering just thinking about the tender beef . it is pretty expensive for a sandwich but the quality is incredible . each piece packs a lot of flavor . seating is very limited . there are probably 10 ish stools in the back . and be prepared to wait in line !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did a take out . the old man taking my order and the lady at the counter just had a little attitude for some reason . i ordered the meat sandwich . it was good but left me thirsty all night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a simple old school place . therefore i will write a simple review . very good meat on very nice soft rye bread with the perfect amount of mustard . pickles were tasty as well and the older staff were funny as well . really wish they had something of this quality in toronto cant wait to come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's ok. just the sandwich on it 's own is about $ 10 bucks . would go back again , but i would n't wait in line .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've heard lots about schwartz 's from friends who have visited montreal and truthfully i thought it would be overhyped , but it was n't ! their famous montreal smoked meat sandwich was delicious . their service was also really fast and we got our sandwiches in no time . the only thing that i wish i knew ahead of time was that their pickles were a little over $ 2 each.. although it was delicious , i 'm not sure if it was worth paying over $ 2 for it . also , a good thing to know ahead of time is that they do n't accept credit cards , so be sure to have some cash ahead of time , if not , there is an atm machine inside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "schwartz . was ok. would not go out the way for their sandwiches . compare to ny 's famous katz 's schwart 's is not as tasty and juicy . also they charge extra for the pickles !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "lem me start off with i love meat . i love hot juicy smoked meat . and therefore , i had to have schwartz here in montreal . is it the best sandwich ever ? nope , but for smoked meat , it 's pretty good for what it is . there 's a good flavor but its not on the same level as katz deli , which i 'm holding up high . but i got the sandwich and some pickles and side of fries which easily made for a satisfying meal . the lines however , are ridiculous . my friends and i ( a party of 15 with a losing chance of ever getting seated ) decided to go to the sandwich only place next door to fulfill ourselves in the smoky meat goodness .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not a big fan of smoke meat but i had to go here because it 's the place for smoke meat . it was ok . but i would n't go again", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place speaks for itself . if you havent heard of this place , where have you been . i tried the hot peppers this time and they were amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , old-school montreal smoked meat sandwiches . be sure to get a pickle .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the line was wicked long for sunday afternoon . we went next door into the take out section but instead found some seats inside with no wait . i ordered the smoked meat sandwich which was amazing . the sandwich cost 5.50 . i do have to keep adding mustard though . but it was still delicious . the sandwich looks small but sure was filling . they were out of smoked chicken which my non-beef eater friend needed , so he was stuck with the turkey sandwich , which was nothing more than a cold cut .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best smoked meat in the city . wait in line during the day or evenings , or go there after a night of drinking when there is less of a wait . fantastically delicious , fatty and flavourful", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a tourist in montreal , i had to come try the smoked meat from schwartz . there was a long line out of the door . my family and i waited for maybe about 15-20 minutes . there were only 4 of us so we ended up seating communally with 2 other people..so be prepared for that if you 're a small group . the service is quite fast . they definitely want to get you in and out considering their long lines . i ordered a medium - between lean and fatty . honestly , it was just okay for me . i was expecting to be wowed especially because of all the hype . the meat was almost dry and not quite juicy . i might 've been served much leaner meat than i cared for . i actually had better smoked meat from the previous day from a random restaurant in old montr\u00e9al . overall 3.5 stars for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great delhi in a cool section of town . it 's a definite experience . i got the roasted meat sandwich , which is basically an open face roast beef . it 's dry without adding mustard ! there is a lot of meat for sure . the poutine is large and you should split it with someone . note-the combo plate is really big and should only be eaten if you do n't plan to eat again . price is very reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely worth the hype and the wait . tender smoked meat , friendly service , everything about the experience was wonderful . went 2 days in a row ! best jewish deli i 've been to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do this once . go get the smoked meat sandwich and make sure you order a pickle . it is really really good and really cheap . i split the large platter with my sister and that was sufficient for both of us with some food left when were done . that being said , i feel like having done it once i do n't really need to do it again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "indiscutablement la meilleure smoked meat en ville . \u00e0 un prix tr\u00e8s abordable , vous pourrez d\u00e9gustez votre viande en sandwich ou en assiette avec ou sans frites . en revanche , la patience sera le ma\u00eetre mot car il y a souvent une queue pas possible avant de pouvoir p\u00e9n\u00e9trer dans l'antre .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we go here for smoked meat often ... . okay , more take-away than actually sitting in the restaurant . great smoked meat sandwiches .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "classic deli . melt in your mouth smoked meat . as good as katzs deli in new york . the atmosphere is great , servers are as expected ; a bit rude and abrupt and intimidating . pickles are good , we ordered 8 smoked meat sandwiches ... i had a fatty one followed by sharing a medium . the fatty was better , but my brother who ate a medium said his first medium was better than the second that we shared because it was fattier . anyhow , i love connective tissue and a bit more fat , but it was n't too much . cheap prices for what you get especially considering a similar sandwich in new york is $ 18 and here its less than $ 10 . i would go again and again . but alas i live 3500km away .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's good , but not excellent , and highly overrated . not worth the usual wait , and a danger , must avoid ! ! ! on weekends . if you really want to try schwartz 's , go for early lunch ( 10:30 or 11 am ) on a late night snack ( after 10 pm ) and only go on weekdays , and or in down season ( not during the summer festival months . ) also , give places like dunn 's and reuben 's a try ; they both do smoked meat in different and arguably better ways .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i visited here several years ago while in town for a conference . what else is there to say ? sandwich was on point . so glad i dropped in and would do so again in a heartbeat . i ordered another to take to my hotel after i was done eating . this place gives katz in nyc a run for its money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "un classique . tout simplement les meilleurs smoked meat en ville !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "\u5473\u9053\u5f88\u4e0d\u932f\uff0c\u8089\u9999\u53c8\u5ae9\uff0c\u6211\u7259\u53e3\u4e0d\u597d\u9084\u662f\u5403\u5f97\u6d25\u6d25\u6709\u5473\u3002\u7b2c\u4e00\u6b21\u5403\u914d\u83dc\u9178\u9ec3\u74dc\uff0c\u96d6\u6709\u9ede\u4e0d\u7fd2\u6163\uff0c\u4f46\u6211\uff0c\u611f\u89ba\u8d8a\u5403\u8d8a\u6709\u5473\uff01\u4e09\u5c64\u6b21\u7684\u8089\uff0c\u9760\u8457\u4e09\u660e\u6cbb\u8f03\u80a5\uff0c\u7e7c\u800c\u5c11\u80a5\u76f4\u81f3\u50c5\u662f\u7626\u8089\uff0c\u8d8a\u5403\u8d8a\u9999\uff0c\u505c\u4e0d\u4e86\u53e3\uff01\u6700\u95dc\u9375\u7684\u662f\u50f9\u683c\u7279\u5225\u4e0d\u8cb4\uff0c\u9084\u4e0d\u898110cad\uff0c\u503c\uff01\u6240\u4ee5\u7b2c\u4e00\u6b21\u5c31\u7d66\u4e86\u4e94\u9846\u661f\uff01", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't think the smoked meat quite comes up the level of katz 's or second ave , deli in nyc , but it 's darn close . and , as josh p. mentioned , the prices are substantially lower than those establishments . you can order your meat fatty , lean or medium - and it comes the way you order it . there was a line on monday night but it moved fairly quickly . the inside decor leaves a little to be desired and unless you 're a party of 6 or 8 you 're going to be sharing a table with what my granddaughter would call , `` friends i have n't met yet . '' our waiter was friendly , professional and prompt . the decor and the seating arrangements might normally cause me to rate a restaurant like this at three stars but the food is so good that it demands four . this is a definite first night in montreal stop for us . and if we 're here for more than a few days , it requires a second visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unbeatable smoked meat . an absolutely necessary stop during any montreal trip . the medium fat is so juicy and delicious . and if you 're feeling guilty , the lean is really tasty too . the meat speaks for itself and does n't need much more other than mustard and rye bread ( or just eat it by the forkful ) . easily better than any fake montreal smoked meat places ( outside of montreal ) and beats all the montreal places too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the bomb . after only getting smoked meat from here for years i finally decided to try another smoked meat deli . definitely regretted that . get the large plate to share and a black cherry each . that 's what i 've been doing for years . although i 'm an anglophone torontonian living in the us . i do n't know if that qualifies me to give anyone advice about montr\u00e9al .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i arrived , there was a family of three and a party of twenty-seven on line in front of me . twenty-seven . i later found out that the twenty-seven were part of a wedding party , which made more sense than the explanation in my head ( meat sandwich-eating cult ) . in any event , i knew i was among friends , aka other people who were also excited to be eating meat sandwiches . despite the large group ahead , the wait was n't actually that long -- i was seated within 20-25 minutes next to another solo diner at the front counter . it was a lively place to take in my surroundings ( light-up menu , fellow diners , cooking apparatus , sizzling meats , etc. ) . i had the sandwich viande fum\u00e9e ( smoked meat sandwich ) as well as a cornichon ( pickle ) , which collectively probably fulfilled my dietary salt needs for the next several weeks . delicious ; no frills .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really hate to say this , but this place is a bit over-rated . my sandwich was mostly gristle and fat . i had better smokes meats the last time i was in ottawa . i suspect there are better places in montreal or , hopefully , these guys just had an off day .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food below average service . the price is very affordable which makes hard to complain about service quality . the only thing i really did not like is the long wait out in the street for a table . overall , i would go back once in a while for good smoked meet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "another overrated forklore . disappointed at the first bite , after waiting for 5 mins in the long line . it 's okay only if you are a meat lover and only cares about how much meat you can eat . a lot of handkerchieives with suspicious feedbacks on the wall . those in chinese to my knowledge are probably fake , no real person speakscin that way .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when i think of smoked meat , i thought it would be dry , dry and dry . however , when i try the smoked meat at schwartz 's , i was amazed by how juicy and flavorful it can be . i am now a believer of the schwartz 's smoked meat , not sure if it is the best out there , but definitely the best i 've tried . i was so excited to buy some for home back in toronto , but it is not the same as having it there ( although it is still good ) ! so for those of you that tried `` take-out '' and about to jump into conclusion , please be mindful that the take-out clearly does not justify ! tips : order the fatty part of the smoked meat ; it might not sound like a healthy idea but definitely a good idea once you take a bite !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still the best smoked meat and deli food anywhere ! it is well worth the line up to get a table !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never been to the actual place , but my office had schwartz 's as catering . i had two fresh sandwiches ( the guy was cutting the meat in front of us ! in the office ! ) and it was good . i took some leftovers home and the meat was better when cold .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two thin pieces of bread , trying to keep together an over-the-top amount of juicy smoky delicious meet . this meet has been properly marinated in garlic , peppers and spices before it was smoked . you can gawk at the huge pieces lying in the vitrine while you are waiting at the constant line up outside ( even when it 's -30 ) . schwartz is an institution that tracks back to the 20 's of the last century . the owners changed but they are still making the meat by the same recipe schwartz brought with him when he immigrated from romania . a real local will order it with a pickle and cream soda . bon app\u00e9tit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried this for a late dinner today because i wanted to see what all the hype was about ... i 'll say the famous scwartz sandwich is good but not to die for ... every city has a must go to stop like sprinkles in la . if i lived in montreal i would be back again for lunch . i recommend skipping the lines and ordering take out , it saves you the gigantic line . medium sandwich without drink is $ 7.01 canadian dollars . the dried meat is juicy , tender , seasoned amazingly and delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the smoked meat , and i get the long lines for that . do n't get $ 9.50 for a sandwich that comes with ( tah-dah ! ) smoked meat and two slices of bread . paid extra for every . single . side . even the pickle . and this is at the take-out side , so i 'm not paying table service or ambiance . fries were soggy and had no salt . ( guys , do n't leave the fries sitting over the fryer ! ) carrot raisin salad was yucky . more love , please !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "without any doubt , schwartz 's is an institution that has the best smoked meat in town . there is a huge line up and the wait is usually 30-45 minutes . this diner has a long history , and their smoked meat sandwich is out of this world ! do not underestimate this deceptively simple sandwich , their secret blend of spices and herbs were tweaked over the year to perfect this crowd pleaser .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cash only . we had a rake out sandwich and frites from the take out side . service was fast and extremely friendly . the sandwich was massive and exactly as advertised . the bread is the perfect complement . no wait , which was unexpected .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was excited to try the infamous montreal smoked beef . unfortunately , the meat was dry , the price high for what you get but most of all , the waiters were very rude . tip reflected the experience and the cashier had the gall to complain ! i know your restaurant is popular now but stay humble guys , you never know when things are going to change .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great old deli place that 's got simple tables and seats and a tiny menu . but they make a damn good smoked meat sandwich . flavorful and warm the meat is way better than what you get in new york delis like katz . you also do n't feel pressure and the staff who has been there for a while know they have a good product so they do n't sweat the small stuff . highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i can give it 10 stars , i would . we went there about 4 o'clock in the afternoon and there was 20 people in front of us . we decided to skip the line and take out . we tried their famous smoked brisket , vinegar based cole slaw , french fries , and homemade pickle . the smoked brisket was flavorful tender , moist , and delicious . it 'll run you nine dollars for a sandwich and it 's a pretty small sandwich i would n't share it . because the meat is so much they wrapped it in three slices of bread with just a little mustard dressing . french fries were soggy but i think that 's how the french like it . loved the coleslaw skip . skip the soggy sour pickle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think the man behind the counter made me a pastrami on rye . i think he called it a smoked meat sandwich . meat was juicy and warm . plenty of it . bread was soft and fresh . i loved it . i would have to go back and try something different to give it 5 stars . so good . never had a a sandwich like that before .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what can i add that has n't already been said before ? when someone mentions montreal smoked meat , this is the first place to go to but i forewarn you , the bar will be set pretty high . there are other decent places for montreal smoked meat in montreal but this place is tops . just be prepared for lineups if you 're going during peak meal times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you think that waiting in a line up outside for wonderbread is a good time then schwartz 's is for you ! ! the bread stunk . it was 10 dollars for just a brisket sandwich with nothing else so pretty bad value . the fatty brisket was disgusting and the medium brisket was dry . horrible service . rush you in , rush you out . this was my least memorable part of coming to montreal . reubens is a much better option in my opinion and guess what , you dont have to sit with complete strangers in this place . for those wondering what i mean . you dont get your own table , they cram as many people as possible in the place so you sit with people you dont even know .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "vey bad quality . i am surpsied why they are famous . has tried it twice but will never go back or will never recommend it to anyone", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time having montreal smoked meat ! super delicious . had take out and are it in a park nearby . the poutine was mediocre . cheese was n't melted enough . do n't get the meat on the poutine , it tastes too meaty lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was terrible , meat was not fresh , bread was stale . the ambience looked like a mental institution . it also smelled bad . i just do n't get why this place is so famous ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the smoked beef is amazing ! just the right amount of fat in the medium . the sandwiches are huge- it might make sense to get a plate and share . but it is so so good . also the restaurant is cash only so be prepared !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yeah . this was pretty much awesome . 1 . do take out and eat outside in the park . 2 . get the meat `` medium . '' it has a little bit of fat on it still , but it 's flavor is unbeatable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a long walk at the botanical garden , and i can smell the deli meat as i walked in . ordered the famous smoked meat sandwich with medium fat and poutine for extra carbs . the meat to bread ratio is 4:1 , which i do n't mind . furthermore the mustard is a nice touch to the sandwich , spicing it a little on top of their specialty meat seasoning . which becomes a topic of interest with my friends whom are trying it for the first time as well . the meat comes in three options : lean , medium , and fat . as i 've ordered medium , the amount of fat provided made the meats tenderness just right , juicy enough to not feel guilty and also tasty enough to feel enlightened . the poutine was mediocre that made this store a four star instead of a five . would totally be recommend and remember to bring cash .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "schwartz 's has very good smoked meat . but the line-up is unbearable . you could go to main 's right across the street and get the same smoked meat with a cheaper price and best of all . less line-ups", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was both delicious and adorable . we certainly did n't mind sitting inches away from other diners ( sharing a table is the norm here ) . food arrives fast . we ordered and shared the smoked meat sandwich . for some reason in my head i was expecting it to arrive hot - not the case ! basic rye bread and mustard - that 's all you need as the meat is puked up high ! really tasty meat and pleasant dining experience . we went around 6 630 on a saturday and there was no line .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible atmosphere . long lines . fast but unfriendly service . somewhat expensive for what you get . these days , other restaurant can match schwartz 's quality of smoke meat . but schwartz 's remains the gold standard .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "did not blow my mind in the least . the line for takeout moves faster than you think , but the sandwich is much smaller than i thought it 'd be , and much plainer , pretty bland besides the saltiness . their fries looked amazing but we did n't have enough cash on us so we only ordered the smoked meat , having spotted the cash-only sign . then we get up to pay and find out they take credit.. and the guy filling orders a few steps back would n't take 5 seconds to dump some fries in a paper bag for me , so i just huffed and puffed and bought fries across the street ( bad idea , they were n't good ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one word desrcibes the smoked meat sandwich , fries , pickle , and a black cherry cola.= heaven ! l !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "interesting vibe but the smoked meat sandwich was average at best . plain bread and meat was not very flavorful . lots of meat and friendly service but the food was not up to expectations . lots of great food in the city so would recommend you try another place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we ordered the smoked meat sandwich with fries and we loved it ! delicious and tender meat with some nice sides , the place is busy and not always you find a table", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just not what it used to be . i 've been going to schwartz 's since i was a young child , and have watched the quality slip steadily over the last 5 years . it 's been most notable since celine dion bought it . the brisket just does n't have the same flavour it used to , and it 's often dry and stringy . still a solid sandwich , but certainly not worth the line-up when there is one .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good smoked meat . better seasoning than the others i tried while in mtl but a little fatty for my tastes . for those who do n't mind a little fat this will likely be a five for you . went during the day on a sunday on our way back to toronto and the take out was not too busy which was a pleasant surprise based on reviews . the fact that this place is cheaper than t.o spots like caplansky 's makes no sense but i 'll take it . definitely worth a try", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think this one is a no brainer for any tourist . the sandwich is so simple . bread , mustard , then the intimate part of the sandwich , the smoked meat . juicy , succulent , flavourful . i have to order 2 because it just tastes so damn good . unless , for some reason , you have a bad experience on the service side of things , you will not regret coming here . your taste buds will be partying in your mouth for days and then they 'll be sad when the party stops .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "legendary smoke meat and at a affordable price , and amazing service , you have n't come to montreal until you have tried schwartz 's", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! this place definitely lives up to its hype . the smoked meat sandwich was amazing . however my favorite thing was the poutine with smoked meat , out of this world . this is a must try if your in montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food ever . i have never see any smoke meat and steak like that . price : the best food : amazing location : hard to find the parking resturant : not fancy and hell busy , always line up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic , a short wait to be seated at a community table , quick service . not too patronizing of the tourists . the food was great , awesome sandwich that went great with their homemade mustard . this is a must in montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sandwich was basic , just rye , mustard and smoked meat . exactly like it should be . i remember going there as a child and the food is exactly the same . the pickles are delicious and the coleslaw was fantastic . my friend had the poutine and it looked amazing . she said it was really good . the line was insane though ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "la place \u00e0 montr\u00e9al pour un bon smoked meat ! ambiance in\u00e9gal\u00e9e tu peux manger \u00e0 c\u00f4t\u00e9 d'un inconnu et c'est pas grave ! important c'est la bonne bouffe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is okay and is not pricy , but i feel it 's not worthy for the long waiting ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is no other smoked meat out there that is anything like this . if you are ever walking on st laurent , you will definitely notice this place because of the lineups . the place is like a little diner with old newspapers and pictures framed up on the wall . i find the whole experience to be quite neat . this place has one of the best smoked meat i have ever had . it is incredibly juicy , tender and flavorful . you can request whether you like leaner meat or 'fattier ' meat . obviously i choose the latter option without shame ( i know you are judging me ) . it is seasoned and 'smoked ' to perfection . this is a must go to place is you are not from montreal . always order a can of cherry coke if you are ever there to go along with the meal ! highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was awesome ! such an authentic deli with friendly staff . the smoked meat sandwich and french fries were so delicious . the pickle was the best pickle i 've ever eaten . really small inside so we had to wait a little while but it was worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so good ! the best coleslaw i 've ever experienced . not a creamy coleslaw so be prepared . we went at a good time so no line . the place is cramped but that 's what happens when you have such high demand . my husband 's only complaint was that the plates were too small for the amount of food given . he survived the small plate crisis .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so , so good . simple , straight forward , no frills ... . just good . get yourself a sandwich , maybe some fries , maybe some slaw or a pickle , and you are good to go . when ordering , you will be asked how lean you want your meat . i 'd recommend asking for a little fat . that 's where the flavor really is ... . and hey , you are going on vacation most likely if you are reading this . the service i received was very good . this is not a place to have a long conversation over lazily picking at your food . you get in ( there will be a line going out the door ) , you get seated ( more than one party will be seated at your table ) , you eat , you pay , you get out . so good i went twice while i was in montreal ! highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was only able to get cold meat because i came at 8:30 and hot meat was n't available until 10:30 . man this was some tasty meat ( that 's what she said ) . had a nice peperry bite and not too salty . the hot meat is probably way better than the cold meat and if that 's the case i would say it 's worth waiting on the long lines i 've read about .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ate here with my friend and his friends . it was a monday , and we were lucky . normally , i heard this place gets packed and you have to wait forever . we passed by on saturday , and the line was huge . today , though , the wait lasted only 10 minutes or so . the food is awesome . my friend and i split a small plate , and it had lots of food . the meat was very tender and flavorful . huge amounts really , so make sure to come in with an appetite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing place ! ! i got a smoked meat sandwich ... .its famous for this food ! ! as expected from a signature place , the sandwich was amazing ! will definitely go there in my future visits to montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best smoked meat in montreal . price is very reasonable for a sandwich that is loaded with meat . try to avoid meal times as lines are extremely long . be prepared to wait if you wish to sit down and eat . definitely a place to eat on any montreal visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "personally , i did n't want to go here even after i read many positive reviews but my friend urged to go . so i bought a corned beef sandwich for about $ 10 . it was much smaller than the one i had from katz 's in nyc . this was nothing special . i wonder if reuben 's were any better . not worth the trip for a tourlist . the chef who makes the sandwich did n't look so happy either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best smoked meat sandwich in montreal or canada for that matter this rivals katz deli in new york both are excellent but i think katz is just slightly better get anything with a smoked meat in it but this is much cheaper then new york", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place kicks nyc smoked meat ass ! i am a big fan . do n't wait in that stupid line . go to the take out door and get your fix asap !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is ridiculously busy ... .i passed by the other day in a stormy and rainy weather . there was still a line out the door ... ... .i waited to get in and tried their famous smoked meat sandwich . it is decent with a mountain pile of meat . good but i am not sure it actually worth the wait and the fame ( the la samgrass in boston is so much better ... ) ... ... .i am sorry , montreal sandwich ... ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "world famous smoke meat ! what more can i say . the best smoke meat in the world . nuff said . amazing quality , original and authentic . highly recommended when in montr\u00e9al", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone we talked to talked up schwartz , telling us it was worth the visit . and boy were they right . the smoked meat sandwich was simple but was the flavor was tremendous . each bite was as mouth wattering as the last and next . the location is easy to get to and the staff is awesome . the food was equally accessible . i want to thank everyone who had recommended this place . also for what it is worth ... get more than one pickle they are the best .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place came highly recommended and due to its classic history of making smoked meats . family was unfortunately disappointed by the cleanliness of the establishment it seems like they was someone in a rush to get us out . i can say that the food itself was good not as great as hyped up to be . asked for orange juice and was given soda instead . unwrapped straws were strewn on the table . bottom line is it worth a visit ? probably if you 're in montreal for the first time or if you want a quick bite to eat as a takeout . in retrospect we probably should have just gotten a take-out sandwich from the establishment next door and walked around the area . if you want even have a chance of sitting down you need to go during the down times in the afternoon after lunch around 3 to 4 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mediocre at best . the poutine was tasty but nothing special . i had the smoked meat sandwich , full of fatty , poorly cut smoked beef that was nothing special in terms of flavour . i came here because everyone raves about montreal 's famous schwartz 's deli , but i found nothing to justify the cult following .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they still make the best smoked meat in the world ! be ready to stand in line up to 40 mins to get a table and 30 mins for take out . it 's sooo worth it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good , but not by nyc standards . good on its own . nothing fancy , cash only . average for deli service . there are more exciting restaurants in the neighborhood unless you are craving jewish deli .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "welcome to sixth great customer service ! horrible . my experience with sixt started of with getting down to the dark garage and being handed over a set of keys to the car i was about to have for a few months . one would think that they go over the cars before handing them over to the next customer , this is not at all the case . the car i was handed had been damaged all around the car and had a huge dent under the back door on the passenger side . i said the car is damaged . they responded we know . two months later i get a letter saying that i got into an accident with the car . i did not damage or had an accident with the car . they made me responsible . never never again will sixth get my business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love the smoked meat and pickles . i visit here every time i 'm in montreal . i recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never crave meat , but now that i 'm back from montrela for the summer , i am craving a smoked meat sandwich from schwartz 's . this place is unbelievably . smoked meat is a montreal tradition and schwartz 's is the best . super cheap for a delicious and filling meal . get the medium cut and drown the sandwich in mustard . bon appetit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we always make an effort to stop by if we pass by or stay in montreal . what can i say that has n't been said before ? great food , lots of tradition and full of interesting characters . keeping it simple is the way to go here . fatty on rye with muster , a dill pickle and a can of coke . if its your lucky day your wait for a seat is shorter than your meal . takeout is available next door at their newer shop , but it lacks the charm . : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "smoked meat is an interesting thing . it 's corned beef that is smoked with a montreal steak rub . the food is good if you just want a meat sandwich with not a lot of fan-fair . they 're known for making this smoked meat , and while it is good , it is n't something truly unforgettable . they give you a choice of lean , medium , and fatty brisket ; which i like . i usually get the fatty brisket because i 'm thin and in relatively good health . once you 've tried this place , you can branch out and try some of the adaptations to the recipe ( smoked meat on mushroom toast , smoked meat on poutin , etc. ) . much better than katz deli in ny . but , then again : what is n't ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious ! went there today , got in super quick , despite a fairly long line . got our food super quick . ordered the smoked meat sandwich , with fries . loved it ! we went to katz 's deli in nyc last year which was beyond shithouse and cost a fortune ( $ 17 sandwich ? get outta here ) so this was a delight ! delicious meat , fresh bread , simple as that . success .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely delicious ! the sandwhich pairs great with cherry coke ! great food and service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sandwiches are ok , just ok. mass delusional hype is the only explanation . sides were not worth it at all . skip waiting in line like a tool and just order the sandwich to go if you want the `` experience '' , what experience that is i have yet to figure out", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as good as the hype is . it 's a simple sandwich with tons of meat . service is super quick and people are very nice too . get it with a cherry coke : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great sandwich . order medium fat . got ta have a pickle , fries and black cherry cola to complete the experience . we waited 5 minutes in line and luckily got a personal table in the back . quick and friendly service . lives up to the hype . worth the price and the walk .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to schwartz 's with a friend who came to town . i heard this is one of the must go to places in montreal . i ' not a fan of smoked meat but the sandwich i had here was really good . when we arrived , the line was out the door and down the block , which is apparently pretty normal . luckily , it moved quickly . the place inside is tiny and you sit elbow to elbow at a table with other people . a major turn off at first but the couple we were seated with were very cool . they 'd lived in montreal their entire lives and told us about their experience , other cool things to do ... and even gave us advice on how what to order . while the food was tasty , i feel like this is the kind of place you bring out of town friends to for a quick lunch just to say you did it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a place that must be visited in montreal . best smoked-meat i 've ever seen can be found in this restaurant . appreciated the special `` take-away '' queue when wanted only a smokes meat sandwich . can also buy smoked meat to make your own meals at home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came to schwartz 's based on all the fantastic reviews . i ordered the smoked meat sandwich which was good ( compared to others that i 've had ) , but it was $ 14 cdn for a sandwich and a drink . too expensive for a tiny sandwich . yes , it 's a lot of meat but both me and my boyfriend were still hungry after we each ate one ourselves . if i added a pickle and fries it would have been over $ 20 cdn . the meat was tender and fell apart instantly , but there was no real flavour and i definitely needed more mustard . overall , it was okay , but i do n't think i would come back though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went there last night around 9:30 pm for the first time . i have to admit i was a bit disappointed . smoked meat sandwich was good , but definitely not the best one i 've had . very very fat , and not a lot of flavor . on the good side , service was great , extremely fast , and i love that they kept their 50-60 's restaurant style . i did n't wait to get seated , but it was 9h30 pm a tuesday night . overall , a bit pricey , not so flavourful , and overrated in my opinion , but still good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worth the wait to eat the best smoked meat i 've tried in montreal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "schwartz 's is good but not great . they are famous for being condescending but i feel this is mostly an act to keep up schwartz 's reputation .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after reading reviews for so many different places in montr\u00e9al , my boyfriend and i knew we had to try schwartz 's before we left . we did just that , waited to try the famous place out until our last day ! it 's was amazing ! we ate at so many different restaurants that week ; a lot of fine dining but schwartz 's stole the show ! the people were great the food ( brisket sandwich ) was beyond words ! we will be recommending schwartz 's to anyone traveling to montr\u00e9al ! you will definitely have to wait in a line but believe me ! it 's worth the wait ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "schwartz 's is a montreal classic . if you mention montreal as a food city , schwartz 's should always pop up . every time i go to schwartz 's i get a medium fatty smoked meat sandwich with a black cherry cola . eating here is an experience of its own when the place is busy , expect to sit with people you do n't know but just know that we 're all enjoying the same great smoked meat that schwartz 's serves up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when you do a shot of tequila , you go salt , shot , lime . when you do schwartz sandos , you go bite , mustard , pickle . ( hint : cut up the cornichon in bite size pieces and squeeze a bit of mustard onto your plate . ) mustard adds some tang and pickle 's acidity goes ha-yah ! like beatrix kiddo slicing o-ren ishi 's head . this place got me into jewish delis which made me find wise sons in sf . i 'm a rookie to the jewish deli scene so i still need to give katz a chance to pai mei ... or not .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cash only ! - know before you go ! if you do n't want to wait in line , go to the take-out window . it 's one door to the left . great . damn . sandwhich . get the slaw . eat the pickle . simple fare at a low price and a great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just do n't get it . i know it 's a historic deli and half the fun is saying you came here but i did n't find it too appealing . it 's dingy , crowded and you get a little sandwich with a smear of mustard . to be fair , i 'm not a big deli person and the person i was with loved it but i think unless you really love this kind of food and history , you can probably skip it . the service is very friendly though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when i am visiting a city i have never been before , i try to make a list of places to check out as well local eats in advance . however , thanks to nyc , i generally leave thinking that i have had better ones . this place was an exception . do n't be scared of the line outside . unless you are a party of 4+ , the average wait is 1.25 minutes per person ahead of you ( yes , i am an engineer ) , and you wo n't regret waiting . also the service is pretty fast inside . you do n't need to get all the extra things the servers are trying to make you have . just get the smoked beef sandwich for a great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm from california and we do n't eat this on a regular basis so i was happy to splurge a bit . the meat did n't have much flavor for being smoked , but with plenty of mustard it was delish . the meat pretty much melts in your mouth . side of pickles , fries , and cherry coke will fulfill your daily calorie requirement .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sit down at one of the tables with strangers for a juicy brisket sandwich . the meat is marinaded and slowly smoked to perfection ! the french fries are home made , drink a cherry coke and you will not be disappointed . there may be a line outside the restaurant , proof of how good it is !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "un peu co\u00fbteux , victime de son succ\u00e8s , une grosse file d'attente mais ca vaut le d\u00e9tour", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really loved this restaurant . not only is it cozy but the attention is really good as well . if is your first time you come here you should take the traditional dish . smoked meat sandwich , frites , pickles and a cherry cola . could n't be better combination . i assure if you come you wo n't regret it . regarding price i think for the cost is more than worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family grew up in montreal , so i imagine i 've been to schwartz 's way back in the day . before i was an adult . i found myself in montreal on thanksgiving ( the american one ) and figured what better way to celebrate then to get a smoked meat sandwich . arrived at around 8pm and grabbed a seat at the bar . the guy working took my order and suggested a black cherry soda . i told him no thanks , but he was n't paying attention and promptly brought me one and poured it for me . there goes your tip , man . sandwich was pretty good , and reasonably priced at $ 6.65 . ( the unrequested soda was $ 2.10 . ) i 'm not a huge smoked meat fan , but this is probably the best smoked meat sandwich i 've had . and this place is legendary , so how can you hate it ? what 's that ? celene dion is a part owner ? fuck .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "classic . if you 've never been , just go . opt for the medium fat sandwich with fries and a cherry cola .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good pastrami ! ! ! ! wish they added a soup to their menu especially for the cold winter time . i shared a small platter and an order of poutine with one other person and was enough to satisfy but not full . they have a takeout next door incase you do n't want to wait in line .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good but very long wait . there 's always a line out the door . definitely an iconic montreal tourist spot . if you 're visiting then its a must have for everyone . if you live in montreal , chances are you wo n't be visiting here too often cuz of the lines . takeout is a great alternative to eating in", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like the atmosphere and the smoke meat is pretty good , especially the cherry coke .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we knew it would be good when we arrived at 3pm on sunday afternoon to find a queue of people 20 deep . the staff did an excellent job of moving the line and getting people into the restaurant . we were seated within 20 minutes . the smoked meat sandwiches were outstanding . the rye bread and the right spread of mustard perfectly complimented the smoked brisket . i could n't stop eating . i had to force myself to take a break after i inhaled the first half of my sandwich . the extra-sour pickle was just what i needed to take a pause . the fries were extra crispy and tasted home-made . the waiter was exceptionally nice and super calm with the chaos all around . the whole family was thrilled with lunch ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best smoked meat sandwich in montreal period . fresh , juicy , perfectly smoked and delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's just ok - tourist trap not worth the wait . try lester 's deli . actually meat is kinda dry .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "glad to be in the company of celine dion and hank aaron ! sandwiches were amazing . got the smoked sandwich medium , by recommendation and was excited to receive my sandwich exploding already . french fries were quite tasty . have to try the sandwich at main 's for comparison , but will definitely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to swear by their smoked meat years ago . however , after the deli changed hands , their smoked meat became drier than usual and lacks flavor . i really could n't even finish my sandwich the last 2 times . one of the employees mentioned they are skimping on the spices now . their steak , coleslaw , pickles , cherries and stuffed chicken sandwiches are good . the fries are average . sadly i consider it more of a tourist trap now with unnecessary waiting lines . the service is rude at times and parking can be tough .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "its a tourist thing ... faire la file et attendre ... \u00e0 ta discretion ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "meilleur smoke meat \u00e0 montr\u00e9al . une des rares place cosmopolitisme o\u00f9 toutes les classes sociales et tous les ethnies cohabitent ensemble . schwartz est une repr\u00e9sentation de ce que montreal a de plus beau .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well you wo n't be disappointed everything everyone says is true . get ready for some meat in your sandwich , only criticism would be the coleslaw more pickled than i would have liked", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saw this place on anthony bourdain 's montreal episode and had to try it while in town from nyc . this place was cheap and delicious . but i 've had better sandwiches from similar places , ie . langer 's in los angeles . the meat is comparable but langer 's is still much better . anyway , we came here on a wednesday summer afternoon and got seated right away .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "schwartz has some very good smoked meat , that has to be said . i would n't say it 's the best i 've ever had , but it is definitely worth going . the fact that people wait in line for so long is a testament to its quality . on the other hand , the aforementioned waiting time is too long ( it feels like trying to get into a packed club ) and the service is terrible , which pretty much ruins it for me . they will pack you inside wherever they can , and nobody really pays any attention to you . i understand that they are always extremely busy , but i 'd rather go to a different deli where i can actually eat comfortably ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stopped in here around 11pm one night . no wait . i was one of 5 or 6 guys sitting at the counter . i did n't really know what to expect , so i ordered something that looked good from the menu . the guy behind the counter looked at me incredulously . `` really ? look around . everyone here is having the smoked meat sandwich . trust me , that 's what you want . '' okay , i gave in . the sandwich was huge , stacked high with smoked meat . very tender and tasty . i washed it down with a coke . i did n't have the traditional black cherry soda + fries + pickle combo , which i discovered later is the classic meal . in any case , it was a cool experience to eat at this historic diner . i 'm glad i checked it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm from new york and i know smoked meat . that was one of the best corned beef sandwiches i ever had , superbly moist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was setting my expectation quite high for its reputation . friendly service , good food , however not overly impressive ! not a bad choice if montreal smoke meat is in your checklist for the trip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were in montreal and the hubs wanted to try the famous schwartz 's . the line was out the door , but we waited about 30 minutes before getting a seat . i left my vegetarian diet outside and tried a bite . it was really an awesome sandwich . definitely worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so over-hyped and i did n't enjoy the food . think i 'll try the main next time ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "long wait to get into the restaurant so we went to the take out counter and ate there . staff friendly enough and i walked away with a very tasty smoked meat sandwich on rye . did n't disappoint but not a diet for daily consumption if you do n't want to significantly step up your exercise routine !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super bon rapport qualit\u00e9 prix ! ! ! service litt\u00e9ralement hors pair ! la nourriture un peu ti\u00e8de par contre ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first impression of the place is not the best , but to go in and experience the service , as well as , their dishes and costs , are great ! it is a mandatory place to visit . please note that you can only pay in cash !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this meat ca n't be better . definitely i ate more than i should have . made sandwiches at home since i like the freedom of applying my own condiments . looked like a festive crowd and will defiinitely partake in the festivities on location next time . cash only .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hmmmm . this one is a bit overrated online . it does not taste bad yet still far from delicious . the price is considerably too high for a smoked meat sandwich .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nothing fancy , but you get the best smoked meat . nothing compares to schwartz 's in smoked meat . a must if you are in montreal . and , be ready for a line up outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best smoked meat world wide . excellent french fries and very good pickles . a montreal institution and a must stop . possibly one of the 7 wonders of the food world ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man , i miss schwartz 's smoked meat . it 's been many years since i had their rightfully-famous fare , and reading all these reviews makes me miss it more . right there , on the main . you must have their smoked meat sandwich . there 's nothing like it here in the states . i 've lived on the east coast , the west coast and in chicago . never had real corned meat outside of montreal - and schwartz 's ( with lester 's as a close second ) is the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's hard to explain to anyone from outside of quebec how `` smoked meat '' is far superior to anything like pastrami or corned beef . it 's worth the trip . one of the best sandwiches in town . do n't be a wuss and order it on the `` fatty '' side ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the meat is so tender and juicy but the proportions are a little small . ca n't really complain when the quality is this good . you need to at least give it a shot you wo n't be disappointed when visiting montreal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i must admit i was n't sure if i was going to enjoy it , but the meat is sooo tender with wonderful flavor ... what 's not to like ! the slaw was vinegary and delicious.. , no mayo . the fries were fine . the real show stopper is the meat , which was prepared perfectly ( we got the medium fat ) . my husband and i will return each and every time we return to montreal . keep in mind this place accepts cash only .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huuuuuum cette viande fum\u00e9e ! et attention c'est une quasi v\u00e9g\u00e9tarienne qui en parle , vraiment la viande c'est pas mon p\u00e9ch\u00e9 mignon . accueil rapide mais adorable . dommage juste qu'il n'y est pas un peu plus de pain par rapport \u00e0 la quantit\u00e9 de viande servi dans les sandwichs . allez y !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had tried this place about 3 years ago and loved it . i recently took a detour of 2hours to montreal during a road trip just to have their sandwich again . the taste was still there but compared to last time the price had gone up while the portion size had got smaller . i would still go back but probably would not go out of my way for it . also their customer service could improve . the cashier was n't happy with our 10 % tip and asked for more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best smoked meat sandwich in the city . i was a doubter but now i have been converted . long live shwartz .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a big fan of smoke meat , but this sandwich blew my mind . if you are in montreal it is a must eat ! medium smoke meat sandwich , pickles , and black cherry soda . fantastic service ! delicious food but a bit pricy for what your getting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really tasty food , cheap , it 's as good as people say . the only thing is that it 's crowded and you will have to share a table with strangers , they do n't let a single seat go to waste , and as soon as you 're done eating they politely kick you out , but they kind of have to otherwise the lineup would be 5 hours long", "score": "4"}
{"review": "smoked meat sandwich , quite basic : bread , mustard and smoked meat . meat was good , but i expected a more sophisticated sandwich good atmosphere , \u00e0 little bit of wait to eat inside", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not sure what the big deal is about this local institution . got a smoked meat sandwich . it was dry and not all that full of flavor .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the smoke meat is too dry to my taste . everything is extra . seating is not comfortable . i had better smoked meat sandwich elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food but certainly not as good as the jewish deli 's in ny and not worth the over one hour wait in 90+ degree weather on the street to get in and get a table . lots of hype ! the place is incredibly small and you have to pay cash . if you pay with usd then they charge an extra 10 % fee !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing place ! if you are in montreal , you probably have heard of visiting this place already , so what are you waiting for ? come and enjoy the classic smoke meat of shwartz !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there 's a reason there 's always a line in front of schwartz 's , it 's because it 's freaking amazing ! the line is part of the experience , it 's like you 're going into a ride , a culinary ride . forget new york pastrami , forget lester 's , forget you had to pick up the children at school , this is the only smoked meat you ever need to eat ! service is more than good , it 's fun , which is exactly what you want when going to this kind of place . better get a pickle ! this is montreal at it 's best ! the reason i gave four stars instead of five is : `` calm your horses , it 's only smoked meat ! ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i went into this place with high hopes . the smoked meat sandwhich was described as , `` extremely delicious and of a generous portion of meat '' according to andrew zimmerman on bizarre foods . though , my boyfriend and i were extremely disappointed when trying the sandwhich . yes it was a generous amount of meat , but that 's because you pay the price for the meat . it was n't a deal at all . it was overpriced and definitely lacked on flavour , toppings , and sauce . the really cheap quality , sliced bread used was too weak to keep the sandwhich intact . also , the place had the audacity to charge $ 2.50 for pickles and other extra toppings . what a rip-off ! we ended up paying $ 22.00 for 2 very mediocre sandwiches that could be made in our house in less than 5 minutes . never coming back to this tourist trap !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first time eating a smoked meat sandwich and it was phenomenal . service was super fast and friendly . great food . go eat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thus place is deservedly famous . the smoked meat is great and even the pickles are spectacular . unlike in the states , the sandwiches are n't pointlessly gargantuan ( and priced accordingly ) . order yours `` medium , '' the way they recommend it . you 'll be very happy , and you wo n't need to spend the rest of the day sleeping it off , as is sometimes the case in us delis . the cherry soda is good too , and the tab is reasonable . all in all a must in montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "classic deli on st-laurent , always good and fresh food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the first time we had smoked meat in montreal . it is a must try . it is so delicious we almost went back for a second time . the lineup is totally worthwhile . we ordered the sandwich version and the build your own version with the same type of meat ( medium ) . the build your own version of the meat was moist and more tender .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably a 3.5 star place in my opinion . schartz 's is known for their smoked meats sandwiches . smoked meat mustard on rye ? bread . the meat was moist and very tasty . the bread is lacking in any flavor is and greatly over whelmed by the meat . worth a try , simple and good sandwich .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went there a couple of weeks ago . it 's simple . if you like huge piles of tasty meat . come here . if you do n't . stay away . i had there standard sandwich . it was good . lots of meat . my gf is a vego . so she had a overpriced pickle and some soggy fries . i have heard some say its a smaller cheaper version of katzs in ny ... . if you like meat , come here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing smoked meat sandwiches and pickles , along with very friendly service for locals and tourists alike . well worth the potentially long lines and crowded , shared tables , especially if you love you some smoked meat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh schwartz 's ! it was hard to decide whether or not to go to because of all of the mixed reviews . some people said that it was too touristy but i think it was perfect . there was no shitkit and it was a very straightforward dining experience . the servers were n't particularly nice but they do n't have to be ... this place is an institution ! the smoked meat sandwich was perfect ! we also arrived at the perfect time we did n't have to wait for a seat but the people behind us did . also be warned that they have community seating ! i will say as a montreal first timer make sure to stop in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what can i say ? i always make a point to get a smoked meat sandwich here when i visit and i 'm never disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "t'adore le smoke meat ? qu'est que t'attend pour aller au schwartz 's ! ? les meilleurs en ville", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was visiting montreal and this place was on my top list . i got here around lunch time on a weekday and there was a line outside of the restaurant . the line moved pretty quickly and waited about 20 minutes for party of 4 . we all got the famous smoked meat plus fries and pickles on the side ( all their sides are extra ) . the food came out in about ten minutes . honestly , it did not live up to hype . the smoked meat taste bit too dry for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "unbelievable delicious and good deals . the smell of smoked meat is so great and i ordered a smoked meat sandwich and salad . if the meat come with some meat juices that will be fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shared tables , smoked meat , mustard and cash only . as good as they say it is .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never thought i would enjoy smoked meat between two pieces of bread so much . very unpretentious and friendly atmosphere . perfect place to go to if you are eating on your own for a quick meal or to grab a sandwich to go . the smoked meat is moist and flavourful . the sandwich is the perfect size and very filling . this is definitely a must go to kind of place if you are visiting montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "schwartz deli is an outstanding montreal classic for smoked meat . ok it is essentially corned beef , but it is so amazing . the line is fast , the guys are funny and the seating is limited . get in there ! totally worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the line was way too long to wait , but i got a delicious smoked meat sandwich to go . amazing . it was like a cross between pastrami and corned beef . and the beef sticks were great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tout le monde va chez schwartz mais j'ai mang\u00e9 meilleurs ailleurs pour des prix inf\u00e9rieurs dans des enseignes tout aussi anciennes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "almost laughably good . i first went here for a smoked meat sandwich and a noch and a cherry cola ! wooh ! right across the street from a dive bar as well , and schwartz 's stays open late so make it you after bar destination ! this deli competes with the best in ny and philadelphia , schwartz 's is much smaller then one would imagine for such a great reputation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the famous montreal smoked meat place . i have lived in montreal my entire life , but i have never made it out to schwartz 's until recently . because of this , i was well familiar with smoked meat before this experience . schwartz 's is a very basic restaurant in terms of atmosphere . nothing but a bar and a bunch of tables . while this might deter some people , i feel this is part of the charm . one thing that caught me by surprise is that there does n't seem to be any combos . i wanted a smoked meat sandwich , fries and a soft drink , so i had to buy each item separately . after tax and tip , this comes to about $ 20 . the smoked meat is quite good , although it is of the drier variety which is not my favourite . the fries were fine as well . in the end , this is a very basic smoked meat experience . the food is good , but i think it is more expensive than this meal should be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "something has changed here , it is not the same it was 30 , 20 or even 10 years ago..the unique taste is not there anymore , is it because now it is available at all major grocery store ? we love the ambiance but try a smaller group , they will make you wait a long time , while single and doubles will make it much faster . a bit disapointed ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably some of the best pastrami you 'll get in canada . good spot - and they know it . but fun , attentive service , which i appreciate since they probably do n't have to be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "since the disappearance of ben 's , this is the last remaining of the original smoked meat restaurants . the dunn 's of the world are just all dolled up with glitz . if you want true quality and how these sandwiches ought to be , this is the only place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an iconic montreal establishment . definitely visit if you are there . now ... .is it better than katz ' and carnegie ... .not to me . but i fully enjoyed their smaller sandwiches , i had 2 and i love iconic establishments which this is as much as katz ' . the smoked flavor was not as pronounced as i expected , buy very nice . check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was n't the best but the ambiance was cool . the city has a good vibe and this place goes along with it . its kind of a must stop if you are a deli person but do n't expect to be blown away . cash only , decent smoke meat sandwich , and delicious pickles ! ! ! service at the counter was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the sanwiches are consistently delicious ! you have to order the medium and not lean but every bite is amazing . a must ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "schwartz 's is a montreal institution that should require no introduction . i 've been eating here since my dad took me as a kid ... .surely wait staff , shared tables , and some of the best damn smoked meat sandwiches in the world . classic place and always worth a visit . i 'd recommend a medium fat sandwich , fries , pickle and your choice of beverage . despite not being jewish owned anymore it has n't lost any charm or quality and i 'm sure the smoked meat will never change .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "better than new york 's pastrami hands down . this is the smoked meat that makes me dream of coming back to montreal . the line-up is crap and full of tourists . but it 's faster in the new ( ish ) take out line where you can buy some smoked meat to go . the sandwichs come in `` medium '' and `` fatty '' - i went for the fatty which soaked through the paper bag and make it clear . it was worth it because the sandwich melts in your mouth and is a bit pricey at $ 7 because the sandwiches have gotten smaller over the years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! i heard about this place through my afar network so i decided to get sandwiches here to go for the outdoor film screening . the place itself is tiny and it 's one of the few places in montreal that i saw had people lining up outside . the smoked meat looked phenomenal as i watched them carve those babies ! and they smelled so good i almost felt bad eating them around so many people . the meat is tender and absolutely full of flavor . they smoke it for hours after all . it 's the best smoked meat sandwich i 've ever had and just writing this makes me salivate over the thought . this is a must-stop for anyone visiting montreal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious old stand-by deli . it 's a great classic deli . you get it the way they make it . do n't raise a fuss ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yes , it 's touristy but it did not disappoint . we visited schwartz 's on a recent trip to montreal and are still dreaming about the simple yet delicious smoked meat sandwich . we got very lucky with the timing on a sunday afternoon and arrived when there was virtually no line . we were quickly served with a sandwich and fries both of which were very yummy . it looked like there was seating outside , but it was pretty warm and we were able to snag bar seats in the back with the a c. i would definitely go again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is exactly what i thought it would be . old school all the way and absolutely gives that ny delicatessen vibe . cash only ... as expected . old school servers who are very polite and add to the experience of that deli we all know and love . the food was spot on . hard to describe what sets the smoked meat apart from ny pastrami but it definitely was different and i have no idea which i prefer . it would be tough to beat katz deli in nyc but swartz is right there with them . basically if the name ends in a z then you know you have a winner . side note- take the waiters advice . do it right . get the smoked meat sandwich with fries , a pickle , and the black cherry soda . they recommend that for a reason . it 's a classic and you do n't mess with the classics .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so very goood ! the smoked meat sandwich , medium fat , w dill pickle was awesome . i think the fattiest one would be even better . the line was not tooo bad , despite the cold and the interesting people you 'll see on that street . price-good . food-amazing . service-great . wait-boooo ! ... but well worth the wait !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was good , but not excellent . been to a similar place in nyc , better than this one . price was bit expensive for a sandwich , their service and decor . if it 's just a random restaurant , i will give a 4 star . but with all the hope i got from yelp , i have to give a 3", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is comparable to the carnegie deli in nyc , i.e . tourists , and only tourists , standing in line . but do n't let that deter you , because the food is straight-up katz 's in nyc , i.e . fantastic , no-frills meat sandwiches in less-than-fantastic , no-frills surroundings . whatever you do , for god 's sake , do n't stand in that line . order from the to-go counter next door , buy a schwartz 's tote bag , and schlep the whole delicious mess across the street , where someone has created a communal terrasse out of a shipping container . eat your meal while listening to the nearby accordion player run through his repertoire of unidentifiable but atmospheric songs , and give him a nice tip when you 're done . bliss .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed classic and got the smoked meat sandwich with mustard , coleslaw , and a pickle on the side . shared a table with a couple from new brunswick on my left , and one from newfoundland to my right . as a nova scotian in the middle , we managed to have some lively conversation and enjoy the busyness of the space . this meal led to my discovery that pickles are actually cucumbers . until that day , i always thought that they were their own special vegetable . sigh ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tem esses lugares em que vc vai , come o que todo mundo t\u00e1 pedindo , meio que no fluxo da turistada , e , de repente se d\u00e1 conta que comeu algo t\u00e3o bom que vc n\u00e3o vai esquecer jamais ? o schwartz \u00e9 assim . uma carne que derrete na boca , temperada no ponto , pode ser servida como sandu\u00edche ou em prato aberto ( o q comi ) . recomendad\u00edssimo pra mim e , agora , por mim .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good place to eat if you love meat and not just meat but good smoke meat ! ! ! the best in montreal ! ! ! menu is simple but amazing ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well worth the long wait if you 're a meat lover ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad , but not truly worth the line or hype .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "its great and big . the place was crowded and there were lines . it is definitely a local place . we had the famous plate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't understand the hype . there are better places to get smoked meat in mtl ... such a tourist trap .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "since this is a must place to go when in montreal , of course we had to try it . you can either sit in the restaurant or there is take out store right next to the restaurant . yes , you do have to wait in a long line but totally worth it . i would suggest take out , that line moves faster and there is a small bar in the back where you can sit and eat . smoked meat is mouth watering.only suggestion , white bread is too thin for the amount of sliced meat they put in the sandwich . so , the sandwich kept breaking into parts . do n't forget to grab lots of napkins .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a special treat to come upon this place just getting into town . we love historic places especially when they keep them the same . the volume of meat they do is amazing , and it 's consistent . the family is doing a great job running it . they know what you like and bend over to please .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me preface this by saying that i do n't completely get the smoked meat obsession . sure , it 's a fine thing , but i 've had smoked meat at schwartz 's and dunn 's and i 'd be hard pressed to tell you the difference . i also do n't at all understand the raves about the cherry soda . it 's just another fructose-laced soft drink . that said , this is a very fine place . the sandwich was tasty and generous . the atmosphere just screams `` we 're an authentic place that 's been around for over 80 years . we do one thing really well and we 're damn proud of it . '' definitely a must stop on a montreal stay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not sure if its my favourite spot for smoke meat or if snowden deli ( on decarie ) is ... either way ... medium old fashion with fry pickels and a coke ... .cant be beat ! and there service is super friendly !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in my quest for the best jewish deli in the world , this is currently sitting at # 1 . do n't get me wrong , other jewish deli 's are great and i will gladly eat at any of the top tier ones ( katz 's , manny 's , etc ) any time , but the smoked meat here is above any other deli sandwich i 've tried . really , there 's nothing else about this place that i even care or think about , it is all smoked meat , all the time . worth the wait in line out front , in my case , worth the plane ticket to montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some day , i will go back to montreal and the first thing i 'd do is to go back to schwartz 's eat their smoked meat sandwich . i really have n't eaten anything like it since . i was lost in the city for couple hours walking around in hot summer weather without being able to speak a word of french ... thats when i got here to grab some food . we stood in line for 15 min or so , then got seated arm-to-arm with other groups of people all around me . i was grouchy , sweaty and hungry . finally then , i took the first bite of my sandwich . i ca n't forget , it was so good , my mood just changed 180 degree ! ! i 'd like to go back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually hate eating tons of meat on my dishes but this , i will make an exception , this dish tastes awesome . the staffs were chatty and incredibly nice . i left out one star because the place is not very clean and it can get quite crowded ( the restaurant is small ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "\u8089\u5f88\u591a\uff0c\u5939\u7740\u9ec4\u82a5\u672b\uff0c\u5473\u9053\u9c9c\u7f8e\uff0c\u5e97\u91cc\u5f88\u6709\u6c14\u6c1b\uff0c\u4eba\u8d85\u591a\uff0c\u6392\u4e8620\u5206\u949f\u961f\uff0c\u603b\u4f53\u5f88\u6709\u7279\u8272\uff0c\u8ba9\u4eba\u5403\u4e86\u8fd8\u4f1a\u60f3\u53bb\u3002\u79cb\u5929\u4e5f\u86ee\u597d\u5403\u3002\u9178\u9ec4\u74dc\u5c31\u662f\u4e00\u822c\u7684\u4e86\u3002\u51b0\u53ef\u4e50\u5c31\u8089\u5939\u998d\u7f8e\u5473\u53c8\u7279\u522b\u3002\u53ea\u6536\u73b0\u91d1\u3002", "score": "5"}
{"review": "iconic deli . it 's a must visit if you 're in montreal . the sandwich itself was great ... just meat and bread ( nothing to get in the way of enjoying the smoked meat ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you will wait a while and pay 10 $ for a sandwich , but it is undoubtedly a really good sandwich . if you 've never been it is definitely worth going once , as a local i have n't been in like a year though..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what can one say or add to the discussion ? simply the best in smoked meat . no argument here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a montreal institution - this place has n't changed in years . that 's part of it 's charm and glory . a true montreal deli , paper placemats and all ! highly recommend the fattiest cut of meat you can stomach , because it tastes like no other .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "taking a short trip through montreal and obviously had to stop at the original smoked meat place ! the waiters were super friendly and seated us surprisingly quickly in such a crowded restaurant . did n't need a word of french in here to communicate : d. the guests next to us were locals and were super friendly and had recommended a few things . the place is definitely very lively and more for the young , starving student crowd as opposed to a family oriented restaurant . and the food . soooo good . got the obvious choice of smoked meat sandwich . the meat was sooo tender and just melted in your mouth . the little bit of fat actually gave a great texture to the meat . there are reviews saying schwartz has become a 'tourist trap ' , but i certainly beg to differ . definitely recommended if you 're ever in beautiful montreal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the wait in line was worth it . i waited in the take out line , which is faster . took the fatty smoked and it was pretty good . when i got my sandwich it was not as hot as i thought it would be . i went back later and bought some smoked meat home and it was even better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soooo good ! wish i lived in montreal so i could have it all the time . there 's always a line up ( luckily i missed it ) & it 's always packed so you 'll share a table with others but so worth it . get the pickle & cherry drink , it 's a classic !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simple equation : rye+mustard+pastrami = deliciousness . and i agree that the black cherry soda puts it over the top . i do n't ever drink soda , but there 's something magical about smoked meat + cherry soda . i liken it to the friend or coworker who you thought was a health nut - whom you suddenly find bumming cigarettes off strangers at the club to have with their drinks ... if your that person , you know what i mean . again i say there 's just something magical . many will also compare this place to katz 's deli , but this place does it right in terms of price as well as the meat to bread ratio of the sand which . long line , but well worth the wait if your visiting montreal . locals already know this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "je me doit de mettre un quatre , non pour le meilleur endroit en ville pour leur smoke meat , mais le d\u00e9cors et la petitesse des places . \u00e9tant de grande stature , ces un peut serrer comme endroit ! sinon un `` must '' pour les amateurs de smoke meat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in montreal , this place is like a mini katz deli of nyc . they call their signature meal smoke meat . it 's a cross between brisket and pastrami and it 's delicious . priced right , it 's about half of what you would pay at the famous delis in nyc . to make it perfect , they need to add half sour pickles and real deli spicy brown mustard versus just yellow . that is the only thing in the way of 5 stars . oh yes and this is cash only which is inconvenient and they need to get with that program . i ca n't imagine getting anything better outside of nyc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like the taste of `` dirty '' smoked meat with pickles and mustard here . it is a must for you if you 're visiting montreal . you wo n't eat smoked meat at other restaurants if you know the real taste of it . they are just jokes ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found my smoked meat nirvana in this little place which apparently is the most famous sandwich shop in the world and always compared against new york deli sandwiches . the sandwich was 2 slices of bread with layers and layers of smoked meat with mustard sauce . that 's it . no more no less - proving that more does n't mean better . if you are ever in montreal - this is an absolute must visit place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so of course i had to try this on my recent trip to montreal . i can safely say this was a good sandwich , the best ever ... . well it was good at best . now those pickles , i will dream of those . for all you out a towners you do n't have to be shoved in like sardines in the restaurant , order to go in a separate entrance next door .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm review 188 ! ! ! sha-bang ! the meat is awesome ! that 's all you need to know ! smoked meat sandwich , with coleslaw and a pickle for your side , add a can of coke , omg i could do this everyday ! too bad i live in detroit : ( who want 's to fedex me another sandwich ? back-channel me ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i understand this is an old school place , and they even have a musical named after it ( see the poster outside the store ) . but after trying the most famous corn beef sandwich , i really could n't understand what 's so hype about this place . the meat is not very moist and lack of flavor , maybe their old owner had a better recipe ? not going back again for sure . but as a tourist , maybe u should still give it a chance just to review the history~~", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good meat but it 's small , i took my out of town friends here they were not impressed with the size of a $ 10 sandwich . could have added a pickle on the side ? i do n't know if i 'll bring guests here again ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the perfect hole in the wall experience i wanted . the sandwhich was cheap , quick , simple yet delicious . if you want to try the local favorite deli , you have to try this place . they also have a dining area where you can sit down and order but we did n't want to wait in line . judging by the number of people there , they are doing something right", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , one thing that u must try , at least once , at montreal . smoked meat tastes great . always long line outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "disappointing hot smoked meat from schwartz 's takeout counter in the storefront adjacent to the main schwartz . fatty cut by inexperienced or indifferent counter-men for takeout order of hot smoked meat . meat was fatty , speckled and unappetizing . this is not the quality of schwartz prior to its sale to new owner corporation . i will avoid and prefer the main across from schwartz 's next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "delicious pastrami ! a small sandwich hits the sweet spot , not to mention the delicious fries that goes with it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great smoked meat sandos . absolutely worth the trip to come and eat . we were here during passover so i ca n't comment on how the bread is ... i just got a pile of meat , which was delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the smoked meat is great but everything else about this place needs an overhaul . cash only . huge line ups . not the friendliest servers because they are popular . seating is limited . but i am willing to overlook the downsides because of the great smoked meat !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . i live in vancouver and have travelled across most of canada and been to deli 's in new york and i 've yet to taste anything like this . this is the best smoked meat sandwich in north america .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we did the non-restaurant side cos the restaurant side looked too packed . smoked meat poutine ! we were served up a vat that weighed about 10 lb ( not really , but between the wife and i , we could barely put a dent in however much they gave us. ) . the eat in area of the non-restaurant side is tiny , just a couple strips of bar seating , but we were able to get seats and stare at the napkin wall ( i guess people write odes to schwartz on their otherwise unused napkin ) . ireally liked their meat - super tender and not overly salty . i 'd come again but if history is any indication ( the last time i was in montreal was 1967 ) , it might be awhile .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was reluctant to try out schwartz 's after having already waited in a few outdoor lines over the past week -- sometimes in the snow -- but this wait was worth it . our server was very friendly and i was inclined to order a chicken sandwich at first but he was kind enough to let me know that the chicken had been from two days ago and let me try a sample of the smoked meat . my friend and i each got a full sandwich for ourselves and split an order of french fries . so , so good . with just enough ( homemade ) mustard on two slices of white bread , this was just what i needed at the time . our server bagged up our leftovers for us when we were ready to leave . this a cash only establishment . i would eat here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "schwartz 's is my go to place to get 'comfort food ' in montreal . i use the apostrophes because it might not be the most comfy place to enjoy a meal , so just a little heads up for y'all . try not to come in large groups because it does get very busy everyday around meal times and without doubt you 'll be sharing tables with other clients . this is not a big problem for me , but its worth mentioning ; ) . ordering there , you can chose your meat cut as lean , medium , or fatty . for a full-on greasy spoon experience , get the fatty ... but for myself and most ladies , it 's a little too much to handle , so i 'd recommend the medium . prices rise every year because of the fame , so it does run on the pricier side for a sandwich . pay by cash all in all , one of my favorite spot for a quick meal in town , do n't miss out of this ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was here within half hour of getting off the plane . as always , a really grimy atmosphere and waiters that could care less , but it 's all as expected , and i love it . i heard the guy take two different orders where the customers order something and he said no you do n't want that , you 'll have a medium with fries and a pickle . still amazing smoked meat sandwiches ! i got a medium and a fatty one on both visits during this trip . soooooo good ! ! got an extra to take home with me after devouring the first one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a classic . the lineup , the wait , the borderline rude service . it 's all worth it , just for the one-of-a-kind experience . do n't hold back , and do n't get the lean smoked meat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay ! i 'm just not a smoked meat fan ! i had the expectation that this sandwich would blow me away , and given that i eat meat maybe 3-4 times a year , i 'm certainly not hard to please . regardless , i was n't a fan of the texture or dryness of the meat and regretted the feeling of digesting that sandwich for 5+ hours ... i did , however , really like the cole slaw and the pickles . the service was also great and the nostalgic pictures , signs , etc . were fun to look at . there were mostly tourists eating , but i did notice a few regulars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the ny katz deli equivalent in montreal . this tiny mom & pop shop is a montreal visit must . the smoked meat sandwich comes in different types of fattiness : lean , medium , or fatty . i personally thought the medium was just perfect . think the lean meat does n't capture the true taste of the smoked meat flavor and fat meat is overwhelming . it 's juicy tenderness and flavor of the meat still lingers . definitely well worth the wait . we were fortunate to wait only about 10 mins when we arrived around 1pm on sunday . the fries were a great pairing . we did n't order the cole slaw but i saw the table next to us order cole slaw and it did n't look too drenched with mayo . would try on our next visit . also saw a few tables ordering their steak , need to try next time . tip : come early to avoid long lines and cash only .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed my smoked meat sandwich and pickle ! an absolute must-visit if you are in montreal . get the smoked meat sandwich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best smoked meat in town ! well worth the waiting line and the cramped dining room !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks to all of these reviews , my husband and i knew what we wanted immediately when we took our place at the end of the line for the restaurant . we noticed the mini- store next door and went inside . the line was short into the restaurant but we took a gamble to enter what we found was a deli that served what we wanted for our meal- two medium smoked meat sandwiches , a pickle to share , black cherry soda , and a small side tub of macaroni salad . the back area had counter style seating and was only half full . super comfortable , our meal was made right in front of our eyes in less than 2 minutes , and we were able to see the meat in the smoker ( located behind the deli area ) twice ! this deli is mostly for takeout , but we had no issue eating in the back . super experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after seeing the reviews from the fellow yelpers , i went to try the food at this restaurant one afternoon . it was packed and had to be in the line for 15 minutes . but that 's ok , you get to chat with the fellow strangers in the line . the owners were getting us in the restaurant , as fast they could , assuring everyone that they would be seated soon . once you enter the restaurant , you feel like you are back in the 80 's . it 's old school . you order the food , it will be served to you soon . try the smoked meat sandwich with the cherry cola . you will love it . fellow yelper 's are moaning to stand in line for 15 minutes . trust me it 's all worth it for the food . remember the good things in life always takes time . i had met a family from ontario , who had come back to eat at this restaurant after 20 years . they had waited in line patiently and really enjoyed the food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this world famous deli has been a staple in the 514 for a very long time , and is no question one of the great prides in the hearts of my beautiful montreal-ites . such accolades of course result in grossly long lines at all times of the day . i just wish i had a better taste experience from my visit . of course , i went for the classic smoked meat sandwich with mustard on ( i think ) rye . it was good , but not outstanding . i actually found the meat to be a bit on the dry side . maybe it was because of my pre-conceived notion that it 'd be juicier , much like a pastrami sandwich . not the case in my experience , but i 'll be sure to give them another visit when its warm enough to stand in line for 30 minutes to an hour , which probably means mid july . beantowns finest", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has a lot of hype to it . it has great montreal smoked meat ( some of the best in the world ) but the sandwiches are really , really basic . i 've had so much better ones using their meat it has spoiled me . the service is fast food quick ; they have a small menu and lots and lots of people so they cook everything in seconds . very simple menu . oh and warning this is a cash only business .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not sure what all the fuss is about to be honest . it was a tasty sandwich but nothing special ... certainly nothing worthy of having a constant 20 minute queue outside the door . 'how good can a smoked meat sandwich really be ? ' is the real question . if you are only in montreal for a short trip i would come here but do n't expect to be blown away", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i hate to post negative review but i find myself in a situation where i have to . in my opinion , it is not worth it . now , let me explain why . schwartz 's is a highly renowned and waiting for a seat is normal . i had to wait around 30 minutes before having a seat . i hate to say it , but the food was not worth the wait . i ordered a smoked meat sandwich with french fries and cherry coke and the food was nothing extraordinary . also , the restaurant was cram with people : eating right next to a stranger is nothing unusual at schwartz 's . however , eating at schwartz 's is a must only for the experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is a montreal must . i 've never actually eaten in the dining room , though . i 've only gotten food to go and taken it to the nearby park or eaten it at the bar stools in the take-out section . of course my favorite thing on the menu is the smoked meat sandwich . it comes with mustard on it and it 's sandwiched between three slices of bread ... that 's how much meat they give you . that one sandwich is enough to completely fill a person up . maybe that 's why they sell the sandwich without any sides . i , however , always split a side of fries with my lunch mate . they 're the perfect combination of crispy and soft , with just a little seasoning , but not too much . the employees in the take-out side move customers through the line quickly , too . schwartz 's is a fabulous option for a quick , easy , delicious lunch in the plateau .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't been here in years and i still have dreams of the smoked meat sammich . it 's unbelievably good . in fact , i came thisclose to flying to montreal over labor day weekend for the sole purpose of having a sammich and bringing home a suitcase full of meat -- no lie ( only reason i did n't was 'cause i ended up visiting friends in savannah ) . you order at a counter and the guy who carves your sammich asks you how fatty you want it -- basically you can get it lean , regular of fatty . afficianados will tell you that fat = flavor and , of course , they are right . best paired with a black cherry soda and a pickle . gooood stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "schawrtz 's is still a bit overrated in my opinion . it 's good , but it is n't that good if you know what i mean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was great but the sandwiches they are known for are totally overrated . i saw this place on tv and thought i 'd travel to montreal to give it a try . i was pretty disappointed after a six hour drive from toronto , a 2 mile uphill walk in the rain from old montreal , and having to squeeze in the tiny restaurant to have a dry sandwich . i 'm fortunate to have a better reuben sandwich closer to home .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "epic deliciousness . on my last trip to montreal , i went here three times in a week . the smoked meat truly is the best with a side of fries & washed down with black cherry soda made especially for them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't get the people who underrate schwartz any lower than 5 stars . the place is supposed to be everything that you 're experiencing there : -the sitting area is bustling , smells of food and loud -service is n't the same as in any other restaurant . expect a little `` attitude '' , but in a good way -the guys behind the counter are great -they get so many tourists so it makes sense that they may be expedient , especially at the cash register . places like schwartz keep montreal special and unique . katz deli in nyc is twice the price and 2 3 of the taste .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have no other words . i could come up with something clever and intelligent , but this place is simply the sh t. i refuse to listen to the people who say all montreal smoked meat is the same , or that rubens is better . i 'm open to change , if it 's for the better . in this case , once you go schwartz , you never go back . i crave this place . when i fill this craving it satisfies the depths of my soul , not just my stomach . the perfect meal here is a medium sandwich , a side of fries , coleslaw , a pickle and a cherry coke . i hope you wrote that down . they opened a take-out store next door to help manage some of the traffic . the waiters at the dine-in restaurant are hilarious - they love to flirt , and provide a few laughs . i brought some back with me . it 's what 's for lunch ... scratch that , i 'm going to eat it now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so if you 're in montreal , get a smoked meat sandwich because it 's a montreal thing to do . i love authentic old school delis - they have a certain vibe to them - a step back in time . so we got a pastrami sandwich here..typical pickle on side with deli mustard . i say 'pretty good'-the montreal smoked meat is good if this place is the measuring stick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "waited in line for 1 hour ( cold weather ) . staff not helpful . horrible experience no matter how good it can be .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm worried my rave reviews in montreal will undermine my yelp rating integrity , but all the recommendations we received have more than lived up to expectations . people are not joking about schwartz 's ! it 's delicious . we were lucky to experience next to no wait , despite arriving at 12:15 ( it helped that it was a wednesday ) . our waiter was very nice and we both got smoked meat sandwiches ( mine with medium fat , his with more fat ) , shared some fries and one pickle , and each drank a cott 's black cherry soda ( recommended by the waiter ) . as a lover of zingerman 's in ann arbor , i have to especially note that this smoked meat is something special . i like pastrami every once in a while in the states , but this was a distinctive flavor and the portion size was just right . i left feeling full but not regretful . schwartz 's is definitely worth a trek , and even a wait . and get the cott 's to round out the experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was told it is the best smoked meat in montreal . well , it may be the best smoked meat i 've ever had . i got there just after midnight , and was told they are serving to-go orders only . also , there was only one thing on the menu : smoked meat sandwich . their boards showed turkey and duck , so ... maybe they were just out of those ? anyway , my sandwich . pricey ( $ 11.05 cad ) . # worthit it looked like red brisket , and tasted amazing . let this be a lesson , all you barbecuers : never challenge an old jew to smoked meat ( you will lose ) . this food is incredible . go buy some . now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here . long wait but worth it . food is very good . and the service was exceptional . the waiter helped us carry out our child 's stroller and diaper bag . would recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i definitely did n't know what all the hype about this place was until last week ago ! the guy working there even said he would return my money if i did n't love it so what did i have to lose ? and now i can proudly say that i am a believer of montreal smoked meat ! meat is tender and not chewy like other smoked meat sandwiches : ) it is on soft bread with the right amount of mustard.it is must eat in mtl", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only went to the takeaway part of the store so i ca n't speak for the restaurant side . but the service was quick and easy , the smoked beef was to die for ! everyone should at least try it once and your want to go back for more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is review is from our visit to montreal in august . like everyone , we had their smoked meat sandwich , but the fat version . i admonished my husband for ordering it but then i had a bite -- it was tender and , admittedly , delicious . ( fat is tasty ! ) we were lucky and did n't have to wait in line . although the sandwich was satisfying , i do n't know if it was `` wait in line for a hour '' good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my goodness . montreal is so lucky to have their very own swartz deli . i was walking by again the next day and had to force myself to keep on walking . it 's the healthiest but it sure is almost to perfection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! definitely worth the hype ! i 'm sometimes skeptical of `` tourist '' rated landmark food , but there 's a reason this place gets so much attention , and they 've earned it ! we got the platter that had a steak , corned beef , sausage to share , and also split a poutine ... this was one of the best meals we ate all week ! the meat was like melt in your mouth and just incredible , it tastes like traditional home cooking . the staff was so friendly too ! we sat at the bar and got to talk to a few of the guys behind the counter and they were just beyond friendly ! i 'd absolutely go back in a heartbeat for lunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , but the overall service and experience was lacking . long lines and the exchanges with servers feels rushed and insincere . the sandwiches are good , but i 'd opt for the take-out online next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is amazing for cheap and delicious smoked meat sandwich . every time i go i definetely get their smoked meat sandwich and fries . i havent eaten better smoked meat than the one here in montreal . you have the choice of how you want the meat cooked . last time i went , because you sit with other people at the same table , we even had a nice conversation with tourists and locals sitting next to us . the only thing is there 's always a big line , so you have to find that time of the day that is not very busy to go in quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing smoked meat sandwich . being a texan , brisket is a god-given right and this interpretation of it is the only other way i 'd eat it besides how they smoke it at kreuz market in lockhart , tx ( i like them better than snow 's ) . the locals told me to grab a black cherry soda and i did . simple . fantastic . nostalgic , even for a first time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of those rare occasions in life where something so highly rated not only lives up to the reputation but actually exceeds it . i 'm serious about my my stacked sandweeches , and this place is the benchmark . for such a crazy busy place , the staff is actually super friendly and helpful . go here now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overhyped . my sister highly recommended it , but my expectations were not met . the smoked meat sandwich was good , but not fabulous . my friend and i ordered take out ( i wonder if that 's where the difference lies ) . if you waited 1.5hrs in line , and you were super hungry , anything would taste that much better . we only waited 5 minutes for take out . there 's a side door that suggests you can just pop by and order some food to go . if you 're a tourist , you might want to come to this place just to see what all the hype is about and personally decide whether it 's actually good or just a hype . if that is so , i suggest take out , you 'll waste a lot less time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i will have to agree that this is indeed one of the world 's great sandwiches . i tried it for the first time today and i could n't get enough after just one visit . the meat is succulent , and is not over salted , which in my opinion makes it better than pastrami . i will be stopping by again tomorrow on my way out of town to get another `` fix '' before i head back to to . the fact that they refuse to franchise and expand or open other locations is really to their credit . that way they keep the quality high and authentic . it has become the `` must-visit '' gastronomic treat for me in montreal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their smoked meat is one of the best in montreal . it might take a while to get a seat and it 's slightly expensive . but the meal is great , everyone 's very friendly and the overall experience is entirely worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here for 15 years + and it was always a great meal . today however the sandwich was so salty that it is absolutely impossible to eat . the fries were lame too . i guess everything eventually declines ... too bad , i loved their smoked meat ! from $ 7 to $ 15 in 15 years is a steep ride . $ 15 for a salty piece of meat is not acceptable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what can i say that everyone else has n't ? you pretty much have to go here when you 're in montreal . the sit-down restaurant is on one side and the take-out restaurant stand-up-and-eat-at-the-counter is right next door .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its of course very good . its an institution . however . i do not think that it 's good enough to wait so long and go through the rudeness of the staff .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a must when i go around the area '' can not beat any smoked meat place . ambiance is just great and noisy , you feel the pull . again and again ' i will return", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i grew up on schwartz 's , unlike many of my fellow montrealers , i actually really like the place . i personally go on off-hours , around 2 pm , because the line is not as long . always order it fatty , if not it might be on the dryer side . it is a bit smokey , peppery , fat . i love mustard so there 's always an extra mustard on my part , however , it might not be everyone 's jam . the pairing of choice is cotts cherry cola , and the fries and pickles are great too . cash only ,", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dont get me wrong , the meal is great . but over the years , there are many fantastic smoked meat restaurant that have opened up that offer not only a better service , but more value for your money . last time i went there ( winter 2016 ) , i was shocked to see i have to pay an additional $ 1.75 because i was sharing my fries with my son . if it was n't for it 's historic value , i do n't believe the ratings would be as high..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we came here twice during our stay in montreal and both times were awesome ! the meat was moist and tender and the liver steak was pretty good as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "smoked meat is good if you ask for medium-fat at the very least . hate the staff though ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , amazing price , lots of character and history ! they 've been there since 1928 ! ! ! ! oh , did i say that the food was great ? it 's a busy place though , be prepared to stay in line .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish i could have brought this place back home with me ! ! ! incredible smoked meat , loved the atmosphere", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i believe that schwartz 's is soooooooo overhyped . for their reputation you would expect more especially having to wait the line . i would give it a 2.5 because its still okay not terrible . i think it 's good but i would never go out of my way for it . the sandwiches are okay , the lean , medium and fatty meats are slighty dry but still edible . the fries are good but they dont serve mayo or poutine because they 're kosher . overall , it 's only okay .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great service , amazing sandwiches . cash only ( atm inside ) might be a line up on most days and weekends . do n't forget the pickle .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "montreal icon ! un excellent et chaleux service . un smoked meat unique ! je vous conseille d'en faire un 1 by week !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was at this place over the long easter wknd 2014 . place was already packed at 10am on a sunday . did n't get a chance to check in ... and new back in to and it will not allow me to . lol walked in and asked for a hot corn beef sandwich to go ... it was ready in 2 minutes . the sandwich was delicious . but they not get a chance to sit in or order anything else . no pickles or fries : ( sandwich was a bit small but very good . cost of sandwich was $ 8.90 . well definitely order 2 next time ... lol after the sandwich , went next door to pick up 2 packs of meat to go . have not tried it yet ... but do n't think it will taste as good as eating there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "schwartz 's was my first introduction to montreal smoked meat and i must warn you - believe the hype , all of it . internalize it and immerse yourself in the spicy , smoky goodness . the meat is tender , tasty , and as fatty as you want it . the sandwiches are simple and for those of you who like it naked , i admire your reverence for the meat in it 's native form . otherwise , no whining about auto-mustard . if you are disappointed by the lack of other toppings , you are missing the point . it 's all about the meat ! ! the fries are a little on the soggy side , but again , you did n't come for the frites . however , be sure to grab a pickle and some peppers . they are super tasty . the service was very good both times that i went , quick and courteous . there was even a little banter . for this type of place , perfection !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is montreal 's equivalent of a new york deli , attitude and all . always busy , so expect a wait , but the line moves fast . you can order what you want , but almost everyone is talked into # 3 , the smoked meat sandwich ( basically corned beef ) . piled high and very tasty , you have a choice of lean , medium or on the fatty side ( about $ 8 . canadian ) . we ordered cole slaw as well which was also good , and the waiter talked us into a veggie which is how he described their pickles . owned by singer celine dion and her husband , this is a very very casual place . we found it a fun experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "$ 9 for delicious smoked meat piled onto 2 small pieces of bread + 2.50 for a black cherry soda . delicious . the hype almost lives up . every person visiting montreal needs to visit this place once . but would i return ? probably not . the owner is super nice and makes everyone feel welcomed . we went for dinner and the wait was only 10 minutes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "by pass the long line waiting for a table and head straight to the takeout counter . it was worth the stop over . meat was moist and the portions were just right , ie meat to bread ratio was perfect . get the sweet peppers too , adds a nice acidity to your bite . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was visiting my cousin in canada , and he brought us here to shwartz for dinner . there were six of us , so we got 3 plates of smoked meat , with the bread , and sides of pickles and peppers . it was absolutely delicious all around . the atmosphere is great , it is a small place so it gets very packed with a line outside . i definitely reccomend this place to all you meat lovers . if you live in or will be visiting the montreal area of quebec in canada , then you must stop at shwartz , definitely worth it.. a huge reccomend . it is a very well known and famous place too . news articles and pictures with celebrities and other famous people who 've come here all over the walls . great food and great service , what 's not to like ? ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're visiting montreal , a meat eater , this is one of those places you must visit : schwartz 's for their smoked meat . from the outside , there are two lines formed , the line on the left of the entrance is for dine in , the line right of the entrance is for take away . everyone in your group must already all present to get seated , which will involve sharing a table unless your group is six which is a full table . the portions are huge . sunday-thursday 8am-12:30am , friday 8am-1:30am , saturday 8am-2:30am , hot meat available after 10am .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was worried that this place would have lost its charm once celine dion took over but they did n't skip a beat . smoked meat was delicious as usual and the bread and pickle were the same old . phew !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are certain defining moments in life that we use to judge other physical experiences on this earth . with regards to my culinary experiences schwartz 's is that defining moment . i have never eaten a deli sandwich up to this day without comparing it to schwartz 's . there is no such thing as perfection , that is only for the god 's , but this comes dangerously close .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome smoked meat , with a greasy-spoon decor and quick service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the line for dining in was too long so did the take-out . the smoked meat and brisket was great . ordered enough to make multiple sandwiches . great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we sat next to two older gentlemen who recounted the sundry smoked meat sandwiches they ate around the world . they were just a bit more friendly than our welcoming waiter , who was an inviting version of a server you might meet at peter lugar . sadly , we were informed that the restaurant was sold ... to celine dion 's husband . true or false , get the smoked meat medium and then jump across the street for homemade ice cream .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here on an absolute whim . a ny'er with a buddy in montreal who reccomeded the place . hit it up on the way back to ny . damn was it bangin ! didnt have to wait on line at all , got there literally when it opened , so i cant comment on the wait . is it the cleanest nicest place ? no . does it serve great smoked meat sandwich ( which is what myself and gf had ) f yes ! do yourself a favor and try this place whilst in a great city . do n't know if its better than katz 's or whatever other jew deli in ny , cuz i do n't waste my time and money in nyc . but it was certainly bangin !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the wait is long but totally worth it . i ordered to go so i ca n't rate the service but they looked very efficient . the food reminds me of a deli in brooklyn .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's the famous spot for smoked meat in montreal . heck , they even have a musical about them . we had a blast . went at an off time ( 3pm on a monday ) and got right in . met some nice franadiens who now live in the states . we all took each other 's pictures . this was the second place we got smoked meat during our trip . schwartz 's got great marks . less heavy on the brine spices which allowed you to taste the actual meat . bonus points for oil based cole slaw that was excellent . be sure to grab a cherry soda and enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place lines up , but for a reason . it 's a classic and a must if you 've never been . the draw here is the montreal smoked meat , which is so tender and moist . between the four of us , we ordered two large smoked meat plates . one fatty , and one medium . it 's good to get both if you have enough people so you can mix the fatty meat with some of the leaner cuts . with this order , they bring out two plates of smoked meat and a side of bread , so you can make your own sandwiches . i 'd say for four people , two large plates is prob a little excessive . it 's also nice to get a pickle or two on the side . they also have black cherry coke , which is a nice to wash all the meat down .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "order the smoked meat sandwich with medium fat . the juiciest i 've ever had . wish i can take some home with me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here the morning after a long night of drinking and boy did it hit the spot . got there around lunch time and the line for the restaurant section was out the door and down the block . me and my guys opted for the to-go side and even there we had quite a bit of a wait . after ordering an enormous amount of pastrami and some sides we got lucky and found an area to eat in the back . let me say that it was the best pastrami sandwich i had every had . this coming from a new yorker who enjoys katz . i thoroughly enjoyed every bite of that sandwich and the only bad thing is that i ca n't have this unless i am up in the great white north .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "get the smoked meat sandwich ! it 's spiced so well ! the line for the regular restaurant moved quickly , but it was even faster to sit on the bar stools in the back of the take-out area . there 's a door several meters to the left of the main door . that also gives you the chance to come up with a `` napkin note '' to post on the bulletin board .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a lot of hype behind this place . i was expecting something amazing after waiting in a very long line . we did the take out . the customer service was incredibly rude . i would never go back here because of the employees .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fell off a bit . still worth visiting as a first introduction to smoked meat or if you 're near the main , but there 's some good smoked meat at more reasonable prices elsewhere in the city . still very good though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "arriv\u00e9s l\u00e0 bas sur les conseils de divers blogs de voyageurs , on se rend compte tr\u00e8s vite que c'est `` the place to go '' \u00e0 montr\u00e9al pour d\u00e9guster de la viande fum\u00e9e ! presque 20 minutes de queue pour rentrer mais \u00e7a vaut le d\u00e9tour . la salle n'est pas tr\u00e8s grande et il y a beaucoup de monde , donc \u00e0 \u00e9viter pour un repas en amoureux ! la d\u00e9co est indescriptible : le temps s'est arr\u00eat\u00e9 il y a quelques ann\u00e9es d\u00e9j\u00e0 ! au mur de nombreux articles de journaux et des photos de plusieurs artistes ayant visit\u00e9 l'endroit ! ( entre autre , la c\u00e9line nationale ! ) pour le plat typique , vous \u00eates au bon endroit ! au choix des assiettes de viande fum\u00e9e ou des sandwichs de viande fum\u00e9e . des portions copieuses , servies rapidement et surtout vraiment bonnes ! accompagn\u00e9e de poutine , et l\u00e0 , vous savez que vous \u00eates \u00e0 montr\u00e9al : ) seul b\u00e9mol : la carte bleue n'est pas accept\u00e9 et le distributeur au fond du magasin ne marche pas toujours !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "il s'agit d'une enseigne existante depuis 1928 . un vrai et bon deli . un service impeccable . une viande tr\u00e8s savoureuse . nous l'avons choisie maigre ce qui rend le sandwich plus digeste . les frites maisons sont appr\u00e9ciables , ainsi que la salade de choux pour la note di\u00e9t\u00e9tique !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "smoked , well-marbleized , peppery , and juicy beef - count me in ! we got the sandwiches to go ( took 5 mins ) since the dine-in line was very long for a monday lunch . we got the standard smoked meat sandwich . it is a bit different compared to the ny pastrami sandwiches you would find in places like katz deli primarily because the beef is much more peppery ( in a good way ) . definitely worth checking out if you need some fatty smoked meat in your life !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! fatty smoked meat , mustard on rye with pickle . yum . meat melts in your mouth . bought it home to pa and it reheated ( steam ) amazingly well . so delicious as my mouth waters !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unfortunately , not a great experience . place is run down , long line , cash only . the smoked meat is fine , but had better elsewhere in montreal . slaw was watery , rye was nothing to write home about . i think it 's a shame if visitors to montreal end up here rather than the million other amazing restaurants .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went on the holiday weekend and the lineup was going down the street . we opted for take out instead of waiting for a seat . they had all the fixings we needed to make our own sandwiches so we went that route . we 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mine was fine - the line is longer the more people you want to seat next to each other . space is tight and for one or two people the wait is n't so bad , but it probably pisses off the groups of four a hell of a lot . i thought it was an interesting , tasty experience . and now that i 've had it , i need no more to want . it 's just something you do once , really .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite place for smoked-meat . i go there a couple of times during summer ( i am lucky and can always avoid the long waiting line ) ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "alright , first 5-start review for a restaurant in montreal . little hole in the wall with no character except for the attitude of the wait personel attending to orders . tried to order the chicken sandwich and received a friendly but insistent warning , `` you can get that anywhere , do n't order this . '' so i stuck with the smoked meat sandwiches and man , i tell you , what a favor those guys did for me ! amazing marbling in the ham ( some would say all-out fat ) marinated in something which gave great flavor . meat came out so amazing tender ... at the end i contemplated shipping 10+ pounds back to the states but the cashier warned me it could n't reach past the border . only in canada . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best smoked meat in montreal . a place a tourist has to visit . i tried the smoked meat , steak and french fries . the best in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well worth the wait ! try to go early if you can because they get really busy ! smoked meat sandwich is amazing ! so amazing that once you try it you 'll never be the same ... yes it 's that great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best smoked meat sandwich . if the line is too long , check out the takeout place next door for seating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i waited for about half an hour to get a seat . it 's quite a small place without much decorations , not really a restaurant in some sense . but the meat is amazing ! i placed oreder for smoked meat sandwich and cherry coke . the meat in sandwich really far too much for me , but tasty !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great smoked meat deli . not a lot of varietyof meat but i can live with corned beef . expect a wait line whe . u get there but totally worth the wait compare to ny deli which overly salted . will visit again when i am in montreal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a smoked meat sandwich around 9pm on a saturday night . the line was about 15 minutes to get a spot at the counter but it was well worth it . i could n't decide whether i preferred this to katz 's pastrami as they are both unreal . definitely a must have when in montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best sandwiches . love the medium fat smoked meat on rye , delicious ! my sister lives in montreal and brings me a sandwich when she flies home , unbeatable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "is it the greasy floors or the overwhelming smell or the incredible foods ? it is hard to tell what makes this place such a `` must-visit '' destination in montreal . come for the smoked meats and stay for the eccentric clientele on sunday mornings : ) it is a one trick pony but a very good one at that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as far as smoke meat goes this place was incredible and lived up to it 's 80 some odd years of quality . great coleslaw !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes , this place is just ok . unique ambiance depends on if you like to share a table with strangers . i ca n't believe they had no horseradish for their sandwiches . quality is what you would expect of a deli that was not in new york city .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing smoked beef . wow . i 've been to katz 's deli , carnegie deli , and even harolds in nj . this stacks up with all of them . honestly , when you hit way above average , it 's tough to judge which one is the best . it 's about $ 10 can for a sandwich which is pretty cheap and you can also get it by the pound . we got sandwiches to go about every day we were in montreal . it 's a great snack and they are open late as well . definitely one of the bucket list items when you are in montreal . each poutine and schwartz 's . do n't miss it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they know how to cook great meat , but not how to serve it . humble interior , c+ service . up the ante guys !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times . we arrived right at noon on a thursday and to my surprise - no line up ! that is always the best , and there was meat ! however , a few minutes later a line started forming so this happened to have been just luck or we just had amazing timing ! of course , order the smoke meat sandwich as that 's what they 're known for . the waiter is going to ask if you want mustard on the side - that 's up to you . i would recommend it , or you can ask for it on the side . they give you lots of meat so totally worth the money . i finished mines . for those who do not fancy smoke meat , you can always order the chicken or turkey sandwich . the waiter will tell you they are just cold cuts . not a big deal though but you still get lots of meat . pricing was very reasonable for the amount of meat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best smoked meat around . the deli here rivals pretty much any deli place in new york . sure the wait was long when my group came here , as we stood in line in torrential downpour for over an hour . in the end , the wait was worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the smoked meat sandwich has so much smoked meat it is likely to fall apart the moment you take a bite-in fact , you 'll probably need 17 napkins just for the first half . but who cares ? it 's so incredibly good , you 'll be picking little bits of smoked meat off your lap to make sure you get every last bite . i think montreal has the best smoked meat in the world , and that swartz 's is by far the best place to get smoked meat in montreal . so by my logic , it stands to reason that this is the best smoked meat sandwich in the world . despite the fact that your $ 7.64 will only get you the sandwich with no sides ( trust me , you are n't likely to need much after consuming this sandwich ) , there is a constant lineup outside this place at all hours of the day . for an extra charge you have the option of ordering your sandwich lean or medium , but i order mine straight up . this is no place to quibble about fat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man i guess i was lucky enough to visit schwartz 's when there was n't a line out the door ! then again is was january and about 4 degrees out . do n't get me wrong it was packed but i quickly found seats at the counter . super friendly , quick and easy guys working there , although they let me order toooo much meat haha like the large plate . i ate it all , even extra pickles and bread and fries . and i did n't even feel bad about it . good god damn that meat is soo good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best smoke meat sandwich i have ever had , and i live in nyc ! do yourself a favor and go here -- either their take out place or wait for the main restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not , i repeat , do not , leave montreal without having some schwartz 's . simplicity reaches perfection at this place . i get the same thing every time i 'm there , smoked meat sandwich , medium fat , with dill pickle and salade de choux ( coleslaw ) on the side with a coke . do expect a lineup outside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heard a lot about this place having the best smoked meat in town and the long lines out the door in the bitter cold led me to believe that it was true . i can tell you that was n't my experience at all . i thought the meat was ok flavor-wise , but it was exceptionally dry and the sandwiches were quite small for the price of almost $ 9 . final verdict is go for the service and atmosphere but i think you get much better smoked meat at reuben 's .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious ( but a little messy - i think the bread was not quite hearty enough to hold up to all the juicy meat filling ) . i had a smoked meat sandwich and a pickle . simple , good food . i second the recommendation to skip the line for a table and order from the to-go side next door .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when it comes to smoked meat , schwartz 's is the best smoked meat that i have ever tried . the meat is tender with the right amount of fat and it just melts right in your mouth . you will never look at montreal smoked meat the same again . this is the place to go . the only downside is that the place could be cleaner , because the tables were dirty , but other than that , it should n't drive you away because the sandwiches here are excellent , and this is the best smoked meat that you can possibly eat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "un restaurant dont la r\u00e9putation n'est pas \u00e0 refaire . connu internationalement , son menu de viandes fum\u00e9es `` maison , ses `` steacks '' et autres mets sont excellents . un resto sans pr\u00e9tention mais tr\u00e8s appr\u00e9ci\u00e9 . soyez pr\u00eats \u00e0 faire la ligne \u00e0 certaines heures d'affluence car tr\u00e8s populaire .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "about as classic as a deli gets , and some of the best meat you 'll ever eat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is all about the smoke meat - and yes it should be either medium or fat . if you need to say lean , heart-wise , vegan , lo-cal , low sodium etc ... this is not for you . but if you can brave the line , do not mind being close with strangers and appreciate world-class smoked meat ( where montreal style smoked meat was born ) then come and come often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "damn yummy ! ! ! worth the walk from the metro station . i got the combo with smoked meat , steak and fries for $ 17 . it was great . fast service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got there around 2pm and had to wait for around 20 minutes . totally worths the wait ! though it 's quite crowed and you may need to share table with someone , but the service was amazing and food was delicious . just in case you do n't understand the menu the typical `` smoke meat sandwich '' is number four on the wall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "late last july i recieved an innocent looking envelope in the mail . i turned it open and saw that it was from the dreaded internal revenue service . i had recieved notices from them before about getting audited . i always ended up need to pay a few bucks back . well not this time . i got audited from a file i did back in 2010 ! the amount owe was over $ 3,000 . i had an immediate breakdown . there was no way i would be able to pay this all at once and i know from previous experience that making payments is laughable because of the interest rate . after talking with some girlfriends they recommended that i get in contact with jason silver at silver law . jason was a great help . he was able to negotiate a compromise of $ 1,600 with the government and i was able to pay this through a series of monthly installments without the crazy interest . my advice when facing this type of situation is seek help and seek help from the fellows at silver law .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason is a brilliant tactician , with a first rate `` inside the irs '' game ! he helped me with a multimillion dollar phantom income case , and we got the best possible outcome - far beyond what i had expected . during the course of working with jason , i found him to be very knowledgable of even the most obscure areas of the tax code , and equally important , caring for his clients . he presented a clear plan , kept me informed throughout , and assuaged the nagging concerns i had . i got into the mess with the advice of a big time sanfrancisco law firm ... i got out of it with a great local attorney . jason silver gets my vote as best in the west !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason silver performed a magic trick ! due to an error by my cpa , i had an outstanding irs tax liability in the mid-six figure range . initially , given my then-current data , i must say that i was skeptical of the proposed outcome . the man is a magician ! really ! i have has numerous dealings with attorneys in my forty five years in business . this was the best experience i have ever had with an attorney anywhere , anytime . a professional in the truest sense of the word . can not express the extent of my gratitude . thanks again jason .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just went back to ziebart this week for my maintenance . once again the staff was very friendly and quick . i added a complete detail because my kids are walking hurricanes ! they were able to add the extra work with a smile and still have me walking out the door in a reasonable time , quicker than i expected.. they checked over my vehicle before and after with me , which i appreciate to protect me and them . everything looked perfect ! looks and smells like a new car again . best customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this ziebart did a terrible job detailing my car and they damaged it while they were working on it . it also took them 3 times to get the rust proofing correct . the owner refused to do anything to help me out . they are not a very friendly place to deal with and i will never return to this ziebart .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i took my van into get rhino liner inside , quick friendly service . i would and will go back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hubs is a big believer in preventative maintenance , as he typically holds on to his vehicles for years . this ziebart store has always given us excellent service . excellent full service , as it has been our one-stop shop for rust proofing , bed liner and tonto cover on two pickups .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whirlpool has the cheapest products that constantly break . i moved into a brand new condo 6 months ago with brand new appliances and my washer has now broken twice and my oven once . this is absolutely ridiculous . technicians are not well trained and products are poorly made . will never buy whirlpool in the future .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is disgusting . i got bitten by bed bugs and the management did n't do a thing . i 'd rather sleep in my car . it is pretty cheap . the offer weekly stay for around $ 150 . the room has a living room dining area , kitchen with full size fridge and stove , big bathroom and a separated bedroom .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you pay for what you get but this place was n't too bad.. had a 3 bedroom for a week and it cost a few hundred bucks . i do n't recall the total off the top of my head . this place promise wifi but throughout the week i recall a lot of downtime . there was a lot of kids running around so do n't expect it to be a completely quiet . other then that the place was in good condition . somehow this room did n't come with a remote control for the tv so i went to the front desk they gave me a new one that was still packaged like they just picked it up from walmart down the street . make sure you lock your doors because this is n't the safest part of town ; )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had no choice $ $ but to stay here ! especially if its kinda of a long period of time ! for us 2 months ! uffff yep you get what you pay for ! i do n't recommend this place at all ! unless you 're low on budget then i guess you do n't have a choice ! ! the furniture is soooooo old ! ! and discusting ! there 's always something going on since the police is always here ! do n't feel safe at all ! ! everytime i head out i carry my weapon with me ! never staying here again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the second time i went to benny 's . they are honest , down to earth people and provided excellent service . the first time i went there to get my car door handle replaced . the second time it was my car brakes that was squeaking and needed fixing . pep boys gave me a hefty $ 250 quote for something they inspected visually and did not know the actual reason . their 'standard ' protocol is to replace brakes and perform lathing - platinum package they said . benny 's inspected for free and said that it was just brake dust that collected and needed cleaning . everything else was fine . for $ 25 the simple problem was fixed . i would definitely go to benny 's in the future and recommend to anyone who is looking for honest and quality service in auto repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honest family shop that always does right by his customers . i have sent numerous friends to his shop and have never heard a bad word .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked into benny 's needing some significant work done to the brakes . i was broke and in need of a break . benny and his family did n't know me at all . they cut me the break of a lifetime and helped me out big time . i have been there several times over the past 3 years and have pointed my friends in their direction . i trust them more than any mechanic ... and most people , i 've ever known . their prices are cheap and they 're good people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "started taking my car here when i was going to asu . still take it here for regular maintenance even though i no longer live in tempe . honest family run shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since my brother was my automobile mechanic when i lived in indiana , i was worried i would n't be able to find an affordable & honest mechanic when i moved to arizona . well , i 've been fortunate to have found benny 's auto repair & tire in tempe , az . benny & his son , richard , have saved me hundreds of dollars & have been very good to me . my car was scratched recently & the quotes i received were anywhere from $ 500- $ 700 . benny fixed this issue for $ 325 on a weekend when he does n't even have shop hours ! also , i just got new tires , new front brakes & rotors , my oil changed , & a transmission flush for only $ 550 . if you 're looking for an affordable & honest automobile mechanic , try checking out benny 's . tell them i sent you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to benny 's after word of mouth from other friends about how well they take care of everyone . i have gone to them for 3 separate occasions and i was well cared for at every time . they explain their repairs , charge an honest price , and i am happy to send more business their way at every turn .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found a nail in our tire and fixed it free of charge since it did n't go through ! ! ! best service , took less than 10 min , fixed everything ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honest mechanics that are straight up front and wo n't over charge . they are also super friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in yesterday , scheduled a time to drop my car off and was able to pick it up 40 minutes later . it 's a very convenient and easy to find location in tempe and owners are reliable and efficient . no hard selling but honest recommendations and very reasonable costs . i 've definitely found my mechanic in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got help from this shop back in 8 2014 and i had a serious problem with my rack and pinion it had broken completely off from my frame . i job like this coast @ least $ 1k and i called around to many shops . benny gave me a great price and allow me to bring in my own part . i would recommend his shop to my family and friends ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a female , i am always hesitant to take my car anywhere to get it worked on . i have been raked over the coals often over the years . not here at benny 's ! ! i know they will not tell me i need more work done than necessary and i am confident i will have quality work . the work is reasonably priced and i trust them . you will not go wrong having your car worked on here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a nail in my tire , they checked each tire over and found three more , not even in the tire i was complaining about . did n't even try to up sale me , just did the work necessary . all for a great price . i 'll definitely be coming back for my auto repair needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "based on a friend 's recommendation , we had our 14 year old honda , lady grey , towed to benny 's on saturday for our 9:30 am appointment . we prayed all the way that the repair cost would be low . she had steam coming out from under the hood and the engine light came on once again . we were freaked out cause she 's had some costly repairs done for the past year or so . and we 've exhausted our savings trying to keep her on the road . after all , she is a honda and we know she 'll go the distance . we dropped her off being hopeful from all the reviews we 've heard and by noon , richard called with good news . she was fixed and the cost ... a whopping $ 85 . and mind you , they close at 12 on saturdays . talk about great and speedy service at the right price . i 'm relieved to know places like this exist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my kids go to this dojo and they are very good on teaching my kids . my kids use to be very shy because of their weight and now they have lost a lot of weight and they are so proud of themself , walking around in school with pride .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has been excellent ! my son was being bullied at school and we decided to try this place to build his confidence and sensei benny or uncle benny as everyone calls him took my son user his wing and my son just loves going and loves uncle benny . wonderful people here . we feel like family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's been awhile since i enjoyed something new and i ordered spicy noodle chicken after trying some samosas not too long ago . fresh ingredients exceeded expectations . i found it to be very flavourful and delicious but not as spicy as i had anticipated . of course i could see the chilli peppers on top but i think my expectations are extremely high with regards to spicy so i luckily have homemade hot sauce in the office at all times . they make great food that 's no secret . surprised i had n't heard of them before .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got the affordable combo for two ... a nice combo of pad thai and curry choices i must admit . we 're at my friends new condo however so again i asked for some plates etc in my comments of my just eat order . i called right after sending electronic order so i could confirm that the restaurant could honor my requests . food comes ... no paper plates or salt and pepper . sorry but these things just irritate the hell out of me . it makes me feel lied to when the restaurant ca n't just take the extra time to make their customers happy . pad thai , sticky rice and curry chicken were all very decent . if you want thai go for it but i personally wo n't be rushing to order from them again or maybe i should just lower my expectations when using just eat ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "heard great things about thai room and their pad thai , so i had to give it a try . boy , they did not disappoint . along with their delicious pad thai , their samosas were to die for . they did n't taste like traditional samosas , but they just tasted amazing in their own way . the decor is pretty nice inside and the customer service was great as well ! will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a pleasant surprise ! this is very authentic thai food ( not chinese vietnamese thai ) the decor is comfy and cozy . the tables are big with spacious booth . we ordered pai thai , basil beef and they were pretty big portion . you do need to order rice for the dish though . we also ordered the dessert mango sticky rice . it was different than i thought as they cooked the purple rice then add chunks of mangos inside , it is better to share with a bigger group as it is very filling . would definitely go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here almost a year ago and had a pretty good experience . i ordered the pesto pasta and it was huge but could use a little bit more flavor . drinks were tasty", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one wonderful restaurant . extensive menu , so there 's something for everyone . i was indecisive about which entree until the server mentioned that mon and tues was a special deal ; wine , salad and pizza for two for one price . my date and i went with that , and had a wonderful walnut and pear salad , a picante pizza , and two delightful glasses of red wine . all items were excellent , and affordable . i ca n't wait to get back here to try more items from the menu , i 'm sure it will be soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a fluke ! went for the 4th time yesterday , totally tasty ! service is always good . tip ... the tomato type sauce that come with the mussels is so good ! i dip my bread in it ! great flavor with capers ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3.5 stars the bread and the calamari appetizer were excellent . our main entrees , shrimp & pasta dish and the chicken & pasta with creamy pesto sauce were just o.k.. both were just not flavorful enough . prices are reasonable . this place has a great vibe and atmosphere . also our server was very good , he was really hustling . they needed another server because they were very busy on the monday night we went . if we lived in the area , this would be a place that i would give another try after this first visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love coming to the cove . a great find in the scottsdale area . food is always great and the service is always top notch . the owner daryl is hands on and will sit and talk with you . definitely something that sets them apart from the rest . if you are in the area , and even if you are not , make sure to put the cove on your must dine list .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did not enjoy my experience at this restaurant . to be fair the calamari appetizer was excellent , however both of our entrees were extremely lacking , especially considering the price . the server seemed overwhelmed despite there was only about 5 occupied tables . the busboy was not only extremely unprofessional ( constantly making inappropriate jokes ) but he was slimy in the way he approached my girlfriend . i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone and my only greater regret from eating there was not informing the manager of the poor service and food we received . i was extremely let down and confused as so many reviews of this restaurant were great , but it seemed like amateur hour to me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there was n't much flavor in the pasta dish i had . it had a weird atmosphere , i do n't know if it was the staff or what but i was not comfortable . : ( the prices were a bit too high as well . do n't think i 'll give it another shot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "made another trip here for lunch and were disappointed . we ordered the two grilled chicken breasts with seasonal veggies . it was a very small portion for $ 12.99 and had very little flavor . also ordered lobster ravioli with shrimp and spinach in cream vodka sauce . that was also low on flavor . if you go here , stick with the sandwiches because they are good and you ca n't go wrong with them . they also need more than one worker at lunch because there were about 25-30 people in here with only one person to take orders , drinks , etc .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the worst food we have seen in scottsdale ! no other dinners on busy restaurant week ! our food was horrible seafood not fresh . waitress seemed to be busy drinking with what seemed to be a few regular bar patrons ... . nice location but do n't waste your time . guess it will be closed soon , do n't fall for a groupon , or living social. ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food , great owners ! the pizza , pasta and cold beers here are fantastic . one of my favorite places to stop when i 'm in town . it 's family-run with the father being the head chef . there 's also outdoor seating when it 's not too hot ! enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "enjoyable dinner at the cove . great pizzas , fantastic salads and superb service . our server , anthony , was top notch and went above and beyond in his customer service skills . ambiance , decor and cleanliness all above average also . nice place to catch some happy hour deals and the lunch specials they advertise are worth heading back for . i would not recommend the calamari , but have heard the shrimp verde is phenomenal . will be trying that next .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "trish is amazing with every dog i have taken there . i only trust her with grinning my pets from now on . taken my pets to her for years . she also did an amazing job with training our lab . highly recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never felt so comfortable leaving my dog while i went away . upon getting him back he was cleaned up and ready to come home . really great experience , i 'll take him back any trip we go on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took `` bob '' for a shave and he looks like a handsome chap . he was well taken care of , got a conditioning treatment and his nails trimmed as part of his groom . i was only hoping for a good cut and we got so much more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "attended a few weddings that were catered by tom and lin when i still lived in phoenix . great food and great people . ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "earlier this year tom and lin catered my sisters rehearsal dinner and her wedding cake cupcakes ! it was amazing ! ! ! the rehearsal dinner had a flash cook pasta bar where everyone could select their own dishes for the cooks to prepare . one of the better rehearsal setups i 've seen and i highly recommend it . i wish the wedding itself had offered this : ) their pricing is more than reasonable considering the quality of ingredients ( which you can negotiate when determining the menu style ) . i highly recommend their smoked kalamata olives if you have them do horderves . random but trust me - so good ! ca n't say enough about these two . the menus chef tom creates are amazing and the service and support lin provides not to mention her deserts are as good as you can get . great local az biz to support !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tom and lin catered our wedding and they were phenomenal ! wonderful service , attention to detail , and most of all delicious food . would definitely recommend for any event ! they are two great people who are wonderful at what they do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tom and lin not only offer a variety of delectable food choices and cater to any special needs and price points , but they are offer service beyond compare . from start to finish your event will be well thought out , well prepared and impeccably executed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had tom and lin cater my father in law 's 80th birthday party at our home . we had about 25 people , all relatives and i felt super overwhelmed . they came on good recommendations but i really had no experience with them . we picked food from their menus and added suggestions of our own . they were so professional and accommodating ! the food was phenomenal ! ! ! the hit of the party ! it was creative and inventive but not weird ! i 'm kind of picky . my family was so impressed with how everything looked and tasted . the costs were very reasonable also . the staff was friendly and discrete at the same time and did everything possible to make me happy and make the event a success ! i really ca n't rave enough about their food and i look forward to having them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the privilege of working with tom and lin for a recent business event and they were absolutely fantastic ! they met our needs perfectly , the food was fantastic , their communication leading up to the event was quick and detailed and they were a delight to work with ! i hope we have the chance to work with them again in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was at a celebration of life event they put on . great food ... staff ... service . extremely caring couple with fantastic food to boot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tom and lin recently catered our wedding and saying they were amazing would be an understatement ! from beginning to end , they made the entire process so enjoyable . the food was delicious ! people are still raving about how great it all was . lin also went above and beyond for my husband and i to make sure we got to try all the food from the cocktail hour by plating us a beautiful little selection at our table as well ! their staff was great and the whole flow of the evening was spectacular . i would recommend them for any event a million times over . what a great team and great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been working with dr. golpa for about a year now . i have a dental practice in west los angeles where he frequently visits to place implants for my patients . he is an amazing dentist and a great person . his implants are one of the best i have ever seen and patients are always very happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "golpa is the best . i am sure i was blessed to find him . i know he is the only person who could have fixed what happened to my mouth is mexico . he is the best at implants ! he is kind , professional , wants the very best for his patients ! i am very lucky i found him . he literally saved me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the nicest dentistry offices ive seen . he really put in the effort to make the place look professional it seems . some dentistry offices in town look like holes in the wall . i had him do some work for myself as well as my mother who had veneers put in . i would totally mention any flaws with the veneers they do not look fake at all . they are super natural . some places put veneers that belong on a horse . lol they key is how they install them and where they order them from . obviously , he knows what he is doing . this is the place to come for those complicated procedures that not everyone is capable of doing . this is not the place for a $ 50 tooth extraction haha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "look for his implant review site ... https : www.yelp.com biz golpa-dental-implants-las-vegas this guy and his staff are the a-team . just to be clear , this is n't where you come for your cavity or root canal , there are plenty of good dentists for that . this is the place you go when you need a new set of teeth , period . when you are looking at two choices and the lesser one is a set of dentures you drop in a cup at night , then this is your other option . yes , it 's going to cost you basically what a standard new car costs ... but dentures are n't free and they suck the life out of you . figure it out , this is your life , you are worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this a really nice dentistry office and the staff and dr. are in general very professional . my mom comes here all the time and she is more than ok with the dentistry results . i recently came here and i as well was delighted at the service and quality of work . i would def come back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the charlotte room is a surprisingly big pool hall near king west . it 's on a particularly unassuming road , and would be very easy to miss if you were in the area . they had a reasonable selection of beers when i was there , featuring a lot of stuff from local brewer mill st . i thought their appetizers were good , but it 's probably not a place to come for dinner . it 's probably a good place for work events and the like , and i suspect a lot of their business comes from the near by offices . i ca n't think of too many places to play pool downtown , let alone places that are n't sketchy . so this is definitely a place for that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a default corporate watering hole for the nearby offices . i struggle to imagine this place like something i could call `` my place '' , or where i would like to invite friends , etc . essentially a faceless , tasteless , dark bar . there is a pool table there , oh yes , fun ! no value in ordering food , and the drinks selection is next to nonexistent . you can get sapporo , or keith 's , or stella , or sapporo , or keith 's , or ... `` see you at charlotte 's after the meeting , let 's chat about that ! ''", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best poolhall in toronto by a mile . great place , always have a really good time there . the billiard tables are good quality and very nicely spaced apart , nice warm vibe inside the room , menu is solid and the selection of beers on tap is excellent , staff is always very friendly too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was only here for a short while at the tail end of my friend 's surprise birthday . they had booked a pool table and a small corner for a drop in birthday party . when i was there , we had a dedicated server , who was super friendly and seemed to be really on top of things . i know they were busy with a large party of rowdy second city alums , but seemed like she still was able to make it us every so often , even though our drinks sometime disappeared . they have couches , and small tables . you can play board games , pool and we had brought our own cake and snacks and they seemed really cool with it . it 's steps from king and adelaide , so take a walk of the strip here instead !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the tables are spread apart and its bar service so it makes for a great spot to be off on your own with a group of friends . you really feel like an island removed from the rest of the bar ; like it 's your own space . the bar staff are amazing - fantastic people . the selection of drinks and food is thin but the overall experience makes up for it . there is a collection of board games , from jenga to variants of charades . there are also a number of pool tables with one nearly always available . i like the sofas and quiet ares that add to the feeling that you are at someones house rather than at a bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super hidden bar pool lounge in the middle of downtown and just right behind mec . there are tons of pool tables ( have n't checked the prices ) and a mini patio up front . the bar at the back is ok. beer is priced at $ 6-8 a pint . food wise - not too much choice for vegetarians . and none for vegans . well unless you consider salad to be food . i think they had 1 or 2 salads on the menu . gadventures office is right next door so you might bump into employees of that company at the bar at any time of the day ... and night= ) ahahaha", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really like this place . nice clean pool hall . good quality tables . nice micro -brew beer selection on tap and good nachos . cool atmosphere and friendly staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the frick car and carriage museum is interesting and fun . they play very informative short films in a screening room and the docents there are very friendly , helpful people . the car and carriage museum is very well worth going to . and the amazing part is that is free . the frick art museum is not really that interesting or great . there is hardly anything of note . as far as i can see , helen frick had way more money than taste and money ca n't buy you taste . when j.p. morgan died , he donated his entire art collection to the met in new york . however the met did not want everything . helen frick bought many pieces that the met had already passed on , with good reason . of course not all of the frick art collection consists of the met 's castoffs . there many portraits of insignificant nobility done by french court painters who had little talent . just bec . art is old or expensive , does n't mean it 's really any good . it 's a good thing this museum is free .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's free , and the car & carriage museum has a rolls-royce silver ghost . we skipped the house tour ( $ 10 ) , the cafe , and the art museum . it was still worth visiting just for the old cars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was here in the holiday season when they did n't do guided tours but had docents placed throughout the house . i felt like they were too eager to interact with me , and it frustrated me after a while . even the docent guards in the museum buildings were eager to strike up conversations . i 'm sure most people would find it pleasant , but i prefer to keep to myself in most museums , and it seemed like once i had gotten one docent off my back another was there . their enthusiasm was wonderful , but unfortunately for me it was not contagious .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the grounds are very nice here , but i have to say the part i loved best was the collection of cars . i 've never seen so many antique vehicles in one place . definitely makes it worth checking out . however . the location is a bit wacky . it 's right outside of wilkinsburg , which is n't a place to visit at all . but still , it is nice enough to check out . especially if you want to just go have a nice lunch at the cafe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "henry clay frick 's mansion , clayton , is a must on any tour of pittsburgh . the center 's grounds include an art and car museum , working greenhouse , a great cafe , and of course , the mansion itself . you will be blown away by the woodwork in clayton -- it is nothing short of amazing . the furnishings , decorations are also exquisite and original to the house . a tour of the home takes a full hour and gives you a view into the life and times of one of pittsburgh 's most loved ( or despised ) . if you are short on time , i would recommend prioritizing a visit to clayton and then to the other structures at the center . there is simply no comparison to clayton .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a history fan ... so when a friend told me about this i made sure he took me to go see it . the property is very beautiful ... we waited a few minutes and signed in ... .surprising it was discount day ! the waiting area itself was exquisite and already gave rich history of the property and the people who had lived there . by the time we finished looking it over , our tour guide came in . she was perfect ... very knowledgeable and sweet . she answered any questions we had and made us feel very welcome there . she gave us ample time to roam around each room . the house is amazing and moreso the car collection . that is free ... and a must-see . also is you like art do n't miss the art collection .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's been four years since i 'd last reviewed the frick ? my mom and i always have our annual mother 's day outing here . women only -- we leave our husbands to their own ( de ) vices ! the frick always has a special mother 's day program that includes garden walks , tours , and my favorite , high tea . believe me , the high tea service here is exquisite . this year mom and i went with my cousin cindy & her mom , and my best friend marla & her mom . and this year 's special exhibition at the art museum was ( is ) `` a kind of alchemy : medieval persian ceramics . this exhibit shows the diversity of ancient persian ( what is now present-day iraq , iran , and afghanistan ) ceramics . these works were produced for both the luxury and middle-class markets . even the common folk could afford decorative well-crafted ceramics . the only drawback to an otherwise perfect day was the chilly weather . i had a new sundress i wanted to wear ( and my mom still bemoans my tattoo ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last week , i visited and appreciated this small art museum 's excellent collection of late medieval , renaissance , and baroque period paintings.i saw fine italian paintings by bernardo daddi , giovanni di paolo , rainaldo di rainuccio da spoleto ( great use of silver leaf by 13th century painter ) , francesco melzi , luca giordano , francesco di vannuccio ( `` saint catherine '' ) , among others.i saw fine northern european paintings by jan steen , peter paul rubens , jean demarne ( `` seine at saint cloud '' -my favorite ) , hubert robert , and maurice quentin de la tour , among others.i also liked its special exhibit of drawings by jacque callot..admission to this art museum is free , but donations help this museum maintain its high standards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an often overlooked gem in the heart of pittsburghs most beautiful neighborhood . the frick is essentially 5 small sights in one . the grounds . nice 5 acre area that is well maintained giving a park like atmosphere . the greenhouse . lovely little greenhouse you can walk through . the car museum is neat but currently closed for 18 months . an early electric and steam car are the highlights . lots of olds rolls royces . the cafe . food . the clayton house . 12 dollar tour worth every penny . the house tour takes about one hour and really is fascinating . not a huge mansion . all in all just a nice place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a delightful ( and free ? ) way to spend the afternoon . the grounds are beautiful , and the architecture is great , and the nearby frick park is a wonderful walk . it is quite a gem in the middle of this city . did n't tour the clayton ( reservation needed ) , so ca n't comment on that building .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the frick mansion tour . i see why helen frick was so determined to preserve it . although half of me is insanely envious of the lavish and exclusive lifestyle , i am grateful they preserved it so that i could have the privilege to walk through such victorian art , value , and elegance . i am becoming a bit of a swpa gilded age history nerd and will always be fascinated hearing their story no matter how many times because i will keep going back . my most recent visit was in early december and it was very nice . i did n't know this but they change the theme of the tour during the holiday season . the original tour is my favorite , but was nice having known the background with a surprise addition learning the frick family 's holiday traditions . if it was not a national holiday , i would certainly be game for a frick mansion tour today .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i popped in to the frick because , well , why not ? i had the afternoon free and the weather was beautiful . sure , it 's not moma , or the met , or lacma . what were you expecting ? but what the main collection lacks in cachet , it makes up for with its outstanding curators . i ca n't rave enough about how friendly and knowledgeable the staff are . they went out of their way to describe the history and intricacies of each work of art . it made even the most average of pieces come alive . the car collection was amazing , and the staff in the outbuilding were equally helpful . the gentleman that i spoke with went through the collection car by car , giving an enormous amount of detail and history for each vehicle . it made what would have been an average visit fantastic . i did n't have a chance to do the tour of the mansion , but i did walk around the grounds , and they 're perfect to while away some free time on a nice day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the art museum was just a 'meh ' for me . but the car museum was very cool . not much of a car guy , but was still impressed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the art museum is pretty nice ; the carriage and car museum is cool ; and it 's neat to walk through the greenhouse . those are free . however , nothing really separates the $ 12 house tour from other house tours . like the other ones , the docents do n't focus on anything interesting , like history or the architecture or the building itself . they focus on some family story that may only be of passing interest because the family is rich . kind of like hearing about paris hilton or the kardashians . b-o-r-i-n-g. and what kind of tourist attraction does n't allow pictures ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we stopped by today to check out the current exhibit , impressionist to modernist : masterworks of early photography . upon entering we were greeted by a nice employee who gave us a lot of helpful information about the exhibit , and others available to us . i was pleasantly surprised that the art museum portion was free . it is n't too big , we did everything in less than an hour , but still took our time to read a lot of the info and enjoy ourselves . it was my first time visiting and i found it go be a very nice way to spend an afternoon , especially on a budget .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this entire estate is free to visit ! except for the main house which is at most 12 bucks for a general admission ticket . cheaper for vets and seniors . all in all worth the time . the cafe on site has some really great food at cheap prices . dessert and all . you can only get into the main house with a tour , which is totally worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing . knowledgeable , classy staff giving tours of the house . the property is beautiful . the house is out of this world . high tea at the cafe too ? ? ? well done ! first time exploring pittsburgh and i could not have enjoyed myself more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we called ahead because it was supposed to be buy one get one free tours . the lady told us just to come in and we did . well turns out you have to reserve the tour , we missed it and just walked around our selves . this could have been avoided if the employee would have told us to reserve we were literally on our way . we explained when we got there and they straight up did n't care they looked miserable and were not helpful at all . i 'm giving this 2 stars because what we did see was nice and security was helpful . i will not go again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came here today to visit the irving penn beyond beauty exhibit . unfortunately , i did n't photograph any of the art because that would be in poor form . but the exhibit was great and afterwards , we wandered the grounds for a while . what a great way to spend a sunday afternoon . this would also be a great wedding venue but my wedding was entirely too big to have it here : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never been here before , but i saw online they were featuring a photography exhibit : from impressionist to modernist . it runs until april 19th and the best part - it 's free ! i love photography and i 'm so glad we went to look at the exhibit . the property has other buildings where you can do a tour , but we only went into the main one . as we walked in , there was a rotunda in the middle with tapestries hanging just around the walls . there was a nice lady by the door who explained what was where and how we could get to the other places to view art house . she was incredibly informative . i definitely loved the exhibit and would recommend checking online for other features . i think their membership is really reasonable and it 's a great way to get to know local things around pittsburgh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "want a leisurely lunch in an incredibly beautiful setting without the kids , go to the frick . you must have reservations . the food was exceptional and ingredients home grown on the property . soups are incredible and desserts are orgasmic . if you like passion fruit , lilikoi , i must say they served the best lilikoi cream br\u00fbl\u00e9e . fish tacos were fantastic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i missed the carriage house but the art is free with the classics to impressionists .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's not large but it is a wonderful way to spend a couple hours on a nice afternoon . take in lunch at the cafe , stroll the grounds and check out the greenhouse . visit the antique auto collection , which i 'm told will be closed for a while for expansion , and see a small but wonderful art collection . we had a great afternoon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "originally sponsored by helen clay frick , the daughter of henry , returned to clayton to live full time as an adult , and stayed there until her death in 1984 . she left provisions for the family home to be restored and opened to the public . following a four-year restoration project , clayton opened in 1990 . today , the home provides visitors with an intimate glimpse into the life of the frick family more than a century ago and insight into late nineteenth-century life in general . enjoyed the diverse art collection at the frick , which included a rather erotic and in some cases painful `` killer heels '' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this tour is definitely worth doing . the car museum was great and the people there were very helpful and friendly . the home tour was great . it showed old style architecture . nothing creative like a frank lloyd wright home but showed how that family showed their massive wealth . all mahogany covered rooms with hand installed aluminum leaf as was paper . tons of items from tiffanys . a music box that was huge and had an entire band is instruments in it . very very interesting . very low tour fee . definitely a great deal for a lot of things to see and learn about .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful property to spend a lazy sunday ! it is free to roam the museums and the property , only part you have to pay to see if the clayton - the home . $ 12 is definitely worth the 1 hour docent-led tour of the building that is fabulously decorated and all original . art museum is on the small side but houses the personal collection of helen frick . there are german and italian rooms . the car museum is about to close for 2 years for renovation , but that was really neat to see as well . did n't go inside the greenhouse and we did not eat at the cafe , but the cafe looked very nice . gift shop children 's playhouse was neat and that is where you buy the tickets for the home tour . all said and done i wish we would have had more time to explore here ! would definitely like to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very cool . a lot to see and most of it is free ( but make sure you do the paid house tour of clayton because that is the best part ) . for free you can see the art museum , the garage the houses the families cars and carriages , the greenhouse , and the grounds . for a small fee you can take a tour of the amazingly beautiful and well preserved house . the tour lasts 1 hour , is very informative , and you get to see a lot of the rooms inside and have the opportunity to ask questions . make sure you reserve for the house tour online because they do sell out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice tour of the clayton . the car museum was fantastic . the art museum was alright but i 'm not into the art that was displayed while we were there . really did not see the `` killer heals '' exhibit because there were a bunch of people there looking at it and it was a very small exhibit that did not allow the crowds to disburse . overall , pleasant experience . i would highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very cool place to visit with lots of history . there is a lot to see and everyone is super nice . 2 of the buildings were under construction but will open later . i liked the fact that you could walk through the house and most of the rooms . nothing is behind glass so you can see things up close . all the ladies were nice and knew a lot about the history and answered all questions . the degas exhibit is also on display right now so make sure to check that out too", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family attended the frick this friday for a picnic while the grounds were open to the public . it was beautiful ... we walked in and saw families scattered on the lawn with big picnic baskets . there were lawn toys set out for kids to play with , twinkle lights strung throughout the space and a cool mix of music playing on the speakers . nobody greeted us , despite seeing several employees at the entrance . but we still enjoyed every bit of the evening . there were a few food trucks at the entrance , but we packed our own dinner instead . it 's nice to have the option though . and another option is the on-site restaurant . i 'm looking forward to returning with a larger group for another friday and hopefully for one of the first friday 's when there is live music .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to see the exhibit `` killer heels '' and was greatly surprised . the shoes that were there were breathtaking for a real show lover like me . everything from classic pravda to crazy lady gaga shoes . it was a great girls day on a hot day . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to see the `` killer heels '' exhibit . overall , i like the exhibit . a lot of the shoes were from the bata shoe museum in toronto , canada . the lighting was a little dark but it was a great exhibit of how shoes have evolved overtime .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr payam sarraf is an amazing doctor ! i was not able to walk for a long time also was depending on wheelchair and crutches but he saved me . i highly recommend him you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr payam sarraf is an extremely caring podiatrist and was very helpful to me . he did an excellent surgery on my foot with great results , and i received excellent care and follow up . his staff are also very polite and personable ; they follow up on things and make sure that the patients are kept updated . also , they do n't keep you waiting to be seen . i saw dr. sarraf in the phoenix office on glendale ave . i found them to be very accommodating and they even worked me in when i was late ... they even loaned me a knee scooter for free ! unbelievable ! i saw dr. shaun simmons a couple times also ; he was also a nice guy , but to be honest , i prefer dr. sarraf since he has been there for me through so much . i really appreciate dr. sarraf 's excellence in podiatry , both as a podiatric physician and as an awesome foot surgeon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to dr sarraf having severe pain in my anckle for 2 years after a surgery by dr. steen johnson in pheonix . i ended up having more pain than before the surgery and saw several other doctors at mayo clinic , standford and soar clinic . none helped and i lost hope that i can one day walk normally . this all changed after i was treated by dr sarraf . he literally did a miracle and i can do my normal activities again . he is thorough , smart , caring and keeps up with advance techniques .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always have pleasant trips to lush , i mean come on now ... me + bath goods is always a good time . although the location is busy all the associates are pretty helpful . we had a woman ( forgot her name ) help us and recommend many products for combination skin . i ended up buying a few things and have enjoyed all of them . the store itself is super clean and surprisingly well stocked for it being a busy location . every product i 've been wanting was right then and there . the store is clean and all of the girls are always on it to making it a perfect experience . check out time was quick too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service here . this staff was so friendly to me . i 'm not big in the whole cosmetic type stuff so their help was so appreciate . the woman i wish i got names : ( helped me and my partner a lot . he wanted a good blemish mask and she did it on his hand for him to see how it feels . he was n't ready to make the commitment but she went out of her way to make him a mini sample to take home and use , that was really awesome . great prices here especially at the forum shops . i spent about $ 24 on a scalp detox bar and a cinnamon massage bar . not too bad for both . i would come back to this one because it was n't overly crowded and the staff did n't make me feel stupid when i did n't know much about this stuff ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lush as a company gets 5 stars all day every day from me . the product quality and ethical sourcing can not be beat . and damn their stuff smells good ! this specific lush location is one of the newer ones in town , and it 's location in the forum shops makes it an ideal location for me to shop at . access is easy from the valet , just up the escalator , and if you have other shopping to do the forum shops has a large selection of stores . the employees at this location are quite friendly , someone almost always asks if i would like a demonstration of a product and they have always been happy to oblige when i request samples of projects i would like to try out . i still prefer the lush located at mandalay bay simply due to it 's larger size , but this is still a great lush store to shop at .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here once before and gotten a bath bomb and shampoo bar . me and my boyfriend came back while walking around cesars palace . as soon as we came in this nice guy named patrick helped me with all of our annoying and continuations questions . he showed us products i did n't even know they had . he also recommended some cool hang out spots in las vegas . the guy was very nice and helpful will definitely be back because of him thank you patrick ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great place to find some of the greatest cosmetics that will not harm your skin or the environment ! the associate that helped us was named becca and she was extremely helpful , personable , and totally pleasant ! she did some fizzling balm show for us : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jordi ( ? ) is amazing ! ( today , 4ish ) . we 'd never been to lush and she helped us figure it out . she helped us get a foot soak and a bath bomb to use after our shopping day ! and then she basically gave us that foot cream janis ian used to make regina george 's face smell like a foot . thanks jordi ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredible selection of items ! bath bombs galore , shower bombs ... yes i said shower bombs , face masks , creams , bod scrubs and washed ... and the massage bars , omg ! ones that are bright and colorful ( the galaxy ) , some that are fragrant and soothing , some that are sensual for a couple ( good for flora-ladies ) , so many different selections based on what you want . we came across this shop and were pleasantly surprised at not only their inventory , but their incredible customer service , and reasonable prices . they will let you test samples at their sink and even send you home with decent sized testers . we loved the `` buffy '' bar-it made you feel so smooth after using it , and the massage bars are insane , especially the one for aches and pains . definitely check them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could n't believe it ! ! lush is now in caesars palace shops ! right by the escalator and it is only a couple of minutes from the entrance to the store ! i forgot to carry some of my stuff and thought i would have to trudge to mandalay bay to find my lush stuff ! then walk another mile inside . imagine my sheer delight to chance upon it right in the middle of the strip near the major free attractions ! if you 're looking for good clean and effective eco friendly products , this is your one stop shop . let the staff pamper you with a hand or foot massage , and they will help you choose the right products for you as well ! ! got ta love lush ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always go to lush , and it was not a surprise that this one was just as amazing , if not more amazing than any other one that i 've been to . the employees were super nice and seemed to become your best friend as soon as you step foot into the door . and i believe it was crystal that answered the phone the 1800 times i called for directions and was sweet , and unbothered by it like other employees would be ! that kind of customer service is rare these days . all of the products were great and were tested out upon request due to that amazing customer service . a review on here says that the employees do n't like their jobs but that is highly incorrect . i do not live in las vegas , but i will definitely be recommending this lush to my lushy friends that happen to visit . keep doing amazing lush ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe that i 'm the first to review this staples branch . it is pretty busy . it has a decent selection and if you work in the area , like i do , it 's a good place to grab something ( stealing paper clips from office is bad ... ) before you go home . or if you wan na run away from your co workers . i have used staples to print invitations ( not recommended ) and have been to this location multiple times to buy office supplies at home . the size is comparable to the ones in other burbs area like richmond hill ( i 've seen smaller staples in downtown toronto ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was out on lunch break and was parked near by and my car key 's battery died and i just could n't start my car because my car could n't detect my keys ( my car can only be started by a push button if the key is near by ) . i was in panic and did n't know what to do . lucky enough , i was right beside a staples so i ran in and a staff asked if i needed any help . i told him my situation and he quickly offered to help and opened my key and look up for the battery . he even helped me change the battery . i was in a hurry to get back to work so did n't get his name , but i would like to recognize his great and friendly help . he save my life that today ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in my most recent trip to this location i can say this , they know what they are doing and they have a lot of inventory , but the store design is dated and needs an overhaul . however when it comes to shopping for office supplies i suppose the decore is not relevant and i am not planing on staying long , i just want to go there and get what i need and get out . so when you dont know what you want and cant use delivery then this store is what i would call a decent option . i 've been here several times so i guess that tells the story right there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are problems with staples . i want to go and get an ink cartridge . the staples web site does n't operate at the moment for the location of the nearest store . i found the nearest store on yelp instead . phoned the store number to get their store hours ( also not currently available on web site ) . the store concerned is the one off eglington near matheson in mississauga . they have one of those phone systems that make it impossible to get a human . tried to get thru to the office supplies section . the computer kept trying but no human being . the computer then told me that my call was importantly ! ! ! hung up . gave them a rating of one star because i could n't find a way of putting in a negative value .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came in to make a payment and noticed there was an offer for a free accessory so i unlocked it and showed it to the girl helping me . she stood there saying no no no i do n't know this isnt here and i showed her ot was the exact location and still was dumb about it saying she did n't know anything about it . horrible service i 've experienced so far . at least be knowledgeable about things being posted .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great customer service and very friendly and i reccomend going there to get a phone and the phone plans are very affordable to get", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company is just terrible . service sucks and all the employees are rude and do n't have a brain in there head do n't use this company absolute waste of time and money", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't recommend this shop . there are bad workers . they are really rude , impolite , and dosent know a customer service . one woman told a lie to a customer . they do n't know how to take care their customer . do n't go . do n't waste your time . \u6700\u60aa\u3067\u3059\u3002", "score": "1"}
{"review": "vous cherchez un cadeau original pour la f\u00eate de quelqu'un ? farfelus est l\u00e0 pour \u00e7a . plein d'articles aussi `` farfelus '' les uns que les autres . mon pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9 ? la fourchette rotative pour manger les spaghettis x ) . il y a aussi une vari\u00e9t\u00e9 d'articles de f\u00eates , ballons , cartes , etc . les vendeurs sont accueillants . et les prix , ben tout d\u00e9pend de ce que vous voulez prendre = ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "alright so this please is seriously funky ! they have all these gadgets ! it 's really hard to leave this place empty handed or without a smile on your face ! i really liked the camera lens coffee mug ! you must visit this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's always busy in here , and there 's a tagged number system in place , but be sure to keep your eyes and ears open for the alerts , or you 'll miss your cues . like all dmv workers , many are harried and stressed , so be organized and have your paperwork at the ready . some employees were actually upbeat and ready with smiles . well , ok , the one taking photographs was happy and talkative . the rest just wanted the day over with . hehe . be alert , organized , and courteous and your hour , or two at the dmv will go smoothly ! having something to read is helpful , but remember to keep your eyes and ears open , or you 'll be waiting for more an hour !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not a fan of having to go to the mvd , but when i have to go , this is the mvd i choose . i choose this mvd because it 's clean , reasonably fast and safe . it 's located in north scottsdale and they do a good job of being efficient . the staff seemed a little unhappy but they still did a good job in getting my new license to me in fast manner . i do n't know what else to say about the mvd , but i suggest using this mvd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would of given this place 5 stars if the chick at the front wasnt so rude , the older blonde lady can suck it . do n't tell me i ca n't get an id without an older id . you have my picture on file and i know my drivers license number . then do n't roll your eyes when i request a number anyways because i want to verify with a dmv employee . when i got my id i wanted to get her name for being so rude , she refused to give it to me . that chick needs to be fired . no wonder people have a complex about dealing with people at the dmv . die in a fire . never coming back to this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe i 'm going to type this , but ... ... getting a new drivers license was pleasant ... .yes , i said it ... .it was pleasant . here 's why : + the total process from start to finish on a friday morning took 25 minutes . + everyone was friendly . + forms were short and easy to fill out . + the process flow was fluid and logical . most of my experience with a joint like this are frustrating ... not here . return factor - 100 % ... .at some point i have to come back , right ? : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i arrived at 2:02 on the last day of the month . yeah , i know pretty stupid , right. ? but , i needed to renew my registration on my two cars ; so i was number i548 . i was in my car driving away at 2:40 . 0:38 minutes , not bad ! ! ! the dmv is nothing like anything else i 've experience . you sit in five sided group of chairs facing each other . there are several flat screens with 'factoid ' information and some local advertisements . their number system is both letter and number based so you 're never really sure when or where you stand in relation to everyone else . this is a good thing . it makes the time go quickly . it also helps you get up to date with your reviews on yelp ! i was impressed compared to the other states i 've lived in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this mvd location can be hit or miss depending on how the planets are lined up during your visit . just paid off my new car and needed to get the lien removed . the women up front said the wait time was over one hour . too long for this fidgety body . came back the next day at the same time for round two and i was barely in there 15 minutes before they called my number . now serving j620 at window 18 the robotic voice said over the speaker . bingo i yelled with delight as i proceeded for my prize . typically pretty quick and always clean and tidy . bring your smart phone to kill some time and be careful sitting down . the chairs in the seating area are a little funky . just do n't lean back too far as i did . lol !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "move over united states postal service , mvd is truly the unhappiest place on earth . all i needed to do was a simple title transfer . we arrived at 3:33pm and did n't get to a human being until 5:01pm . completely ridiculous ! there were twenty windows open and still these folks were moving at a snail 's pace ( if the snail was elderly , disabled , had one eye , and a broken shell ) . first things first , when i moved here in 2005 , mvd was actually open on saturdays ! well , not anymore . to the state bureaucrats who several years ago decided to cut all saturday service- kiss my ass , chumps ! now , unless the service is something i can do online , i have to practically move heaven and earth to either leave work early or go to work late to come here on a damn weekday . this visit took over two hours ! who the hell has time for this nonsense ? and unfortunately , you have no option to take your `` business '' elsewhere . thumbs down mvd . thumbs down !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ca n't say i ever imagined myself giving a good review to a dmv ... but there is a first time for everything right ? i did n't have the twenty minute luck of georgie but in and out in forty on a friday is n't bad either ! do n't think i 've ever been in and out of a dmv in under an hour . i only needed to change my fl license to a az license . still need to return after i am able to get an emissions test done on my car so that i can get the tags updated , but i do n't dread going to this location again ! the only line that was semi-inconvenient was the line to get a number . i always find it funny to wait in line to get a ticket to ... wait in line . overall : a- it 's still the dmv , so be sure to have your paperwork requirements ready to go , but it 's not the horror show that the dmv in fl is !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everyone is nice enough . i can not express my frustration though that i was here just a month ago and they did not correctly record my insurance information . so now i am stuck waiting another 30+ minutes to show proof of insurance so that i do n't get suspended ... .way to go az .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as far as the dmv goes , this one is pretty decent . the facility itself is really clean , and it 's in a nice area in scottsdale . when i walked in at 10:00 am on a monday morning , i was dreading the lines that i would face . i was pleasantly surprised to find that i only waited fifteen minutes for them to call my number ! the woman that i worked with was really friendly , which has not always been my experience at this location . for the most part , this location is pretty speedy and friendly , but i 've had my fair share of long lines and rude service in the past . i guess this dmv is pretty hit or miss depending on the time of day you visit . i would recommend not going during your lunch hour or right before they closed . other than that , the lines should n't be too bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "compared to ca - this is a million times better . i love that i can register a vehicle , get a title , registration , sticker , and license plate , and license picture . all on the same day . that is amazing- that would take like 8 weeks in cali . that said , the mvd in tempe has much shorter lines", "score": "3"}
{"review": "let me just start by saying that i moved here from ca so i 'm used to waiting at least 1-2 hours at the dmv before my number even gets called and then everyone is rude . after that , you wait about 6 weeks for your license to come in the mail . not pleasant at all . with that said , this is by far the best experience i have ever had at the dmv . i ca n't bring myself to give 5 stars just because of what it is lol , but i was literally in and out with my new license in 30 mins . the place is clean with a good layout , the chairs are actually very comfy , and everyone i had to deal with was friendly and professional . big thumbs up for a dreaded trip to dmv !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unlike my experience at the ss office , this only took 30 mins to complete . i like this location because it is very clean and they get you in and out as fast as possible . case in point , i had barely had my number in my hand before they were calling me to take my new dl picture . i literally was rushing over to the desk . so needless to say the next 25 mins was me waiting to be called and only about 5 mins for her to process me a new dl with my new last name . all in all a great experience that i hope not to have to repeat anytime in the near future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wasting millions of dollars to have public industry take hours to do what private industry could do in minutes . we need to close every mvd dmv in the us and replace them with an independent , private equivalent . if you gave this or any government facility more than 1 star - you are what is wrong with our country , please leave immediately .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as far as dmvs go , this is the cleanest and best run facility i 've seen . you still have to wait in a long line when you first arrive . once you have your number , there are plenty of cushioned chairs on which to wait . there is a board that shows the last three numbers called and the desk at which they will be helped , and those desks have your number above them is well . the employees are quite nice and efficient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got here 30 minutes prior to opening thinking nobody else would be here . when i arrived , only one other person was here and he was sitting in front of the door . i still thought that would be it for now so i stayed in my car . not more than 5 minutes go by and seven people are now in line . so , here i am , sitting on the ground , waiting in line for the mvd to open . and still , 15 minutes prior to opening , 15 more people are in line behind me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "there is may be one or 2 nice people there . ; ( getrting my 16 year old his dl was definitely a memorable experience in this joint ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst place ... be prepared to lose your entire day if you are visiting this location . try a different dmv or better go to third party offices", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i go into the dmv to do some simple title transfer . i was there earlier in the day and the title had some incorrect information on it they told me i needed to go back to the seller and get it changed i came back with about 15 minutes to 5 p.m. and they said they do n't take any new clients they only give information . they 're literally was 10 people sitting at their windows with no one in front of them staring at the clock waiting for 5 p.m. to come . perfect example of government management .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the mvd on paradise is anything but a paradise . i hate calling out people by name on yelp , but wendy at the front desk should not be working in customer service . she spoke down to everyone in line like they were a puppy that just pissed on the carpet . i understand she has to deal with people who are n't pleasant to her , but she is first person every customer sees . if you just moved here front out of state like i did , she is one of first few people you encounter in arizona . once i sat with my rep after a 45 minute wait in the bingo hall , things went smoothly . i recommend that you print off all the paperwork at home and have it ready when you show up .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my most recent visit to mvd was better than my last visit in july ! full house with the appropriate representatives to help the public . i was very pleased to see the improvement and did not have to wait an hour ! : - ) )", "score": "4"}
{"review": ". the dmv : a place where you either spend a huge chunk of your day next to people who are just annoyed as you so no one is pleasant and everyone gives you the eye when your number is called and not there 's and then you get to a window with someone you seems not to be able to fully help you with all your issues or you end up getting lucky and get called within an hour or two and actually get someone helpful ! luckily my experience this past visit was the second and can actually say that this place does operate pretty fast and smoothly and the guy who helped me was actually full of knowledge and answered things i did n't even think to ask . good job mvd on a good hire ! oh and the guy who took my picture said it was the best of the day ... not sure if he tells this to all the ladies but either way it made my day and is a dang good picture ! ! ! so thanks for boosting my ego picture taker man !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after some significant issues with surprise mvd , i made the drive to this location . surprise mvd refused to issue me arizona registration because my ohio vehicle was not listed in the nada guide . ridiculous , right ? ! fed up and tired of wasting my time , i drove to scottsdale . the scottsdale mvd office had changed the way they do things a bit . you still check in at the front desk , but then are given a letter to stand in a different line depending on your task at hand . there are no big waiting areas anymore and the lines seemed to go rather quickly . i was called after about 15 minutes of waiting . `` barbara b '' helped me , after hearing my story , and worked through the hang-ups surprise mvd could not get past . she had me out of the building in 20 minutes with my arizona registration . barbara was amazing and extremely knowledgeable . needless to say , i would recommend the scottsdale location over the others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the scottsdale dmv is always friendly with fast service ! i always come here to this location ! never been in line more then like five minutes", "score": "5"}
{"review": "compared to durango , colorado who turned me away and refused to license my car or issue a drivers license , the scottsdale and sun city offices did both , with a high degree of professionalism and integrity ( about three weeks ago ) . the durango disaster story is on another yelp review .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lighten up , people . the folks at the dmv have to deal with all of us in the public all day long . it 's got to be frustrating and annoying . and yet every time i go to this office , i get excellent , friendly service . the waits can be long or relatively short , but do n't blame the folks behind the counters for the lack of state funding to have more locations . also , a lot of stuff can be done on-line at service arizona . the site works really well . so , overall , i give the dmv 5 stars for consistently friendly and helpful service in a tough job . if you are friendly and polite to the staff , they will be friendly and polite right back at you . p.s . you can go on-line and see when the busy and not so busy times are . that helps a lot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give them no stars if i could . waiting over an hour for an understaffed line to pay for a temporary paper license that i already paid 12 dollars for online . they justified this with i need to order it again . so basically i paid for 2 drivers licenses . keep messing and people will keep hating this place ! worst place ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "probably deserves 5 stars but i just can make my finger to press the fifth one based on my lifelong experiences with the dmvs . i wrote in my tip for this place that i got done here in half an hour it was actually less . great customer service . get here on tuesday wednesday and thursdays , the lady that took care of me told me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "`` late posting '' my bday is in may and my visit was at the end of april for a `` new az drivers license '' it 's big , everything went smooth , the guy that waited on me was very nice- i forgot his name but he 's a new yorker . i was in & out within 30 min . i liked it better than the dmv or as we say in michigan - secretary of state .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked in at 12:10 to get a new az license and walked out at 12:45 all set with my temporary license . the line was short everything was organized the people were nice the man who helped me was very helpful and happy . i never thought i 'd say this but this trip to the dmv was quick and painless", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good thing : i called and got a real live person on the phone - i had a couple questions so i could be prepared you know , not show up and wait for nothing deal . bad thing : i got a real live person on the phone and she was n't having a good day - she was annoyed - rude and above all disrespectful ! ! ! if i 'm calling it 's cause i really just need to know a few things and when i say `` thank you '' for helping me - you should say your welcome - thats all ! if you 're that unhappy with your job , life , or busy ( everyone is at work ) that doesnt give you the right to be short and rude with me - i 'm sure a nicer person would be appreciative to have your mon-fri , paid holiday position so if you 're unhappy - leave , you miserable people you and see if you can find something better ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we i guess i was wrong ! i was in & out in less than 30 min without an appointment . which included an inspection . i recommend going here . the staff was outgoing & had a strong sense of urgency . my go to mvd location !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "line to get a ticket is long , but moves surprisingly fast . i like the method of different tickets for different needs . it expedites the process . friday is really busy . they have a tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received a notice that i had to have a new license photo taken so i traveled to the mvd office which i had not been to in several years . last time i went there , they gave you a number and you could sit and relax until your number was called . now they make you wait on a line standing up , in my case for about 45 minutes . they , for some reason stopped using a system that was much more convenient and comfortable to a system where you have to wait on a long like like you do at an amusement park . i have no idea why they did this but they should have consideration for their customers and go back to the old system .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "computer wait system has been down for almost 2 months . all chairs have been removed & replaced with a serpentine maze . you now get to stand in line & wait . i was there for 1-1 2 hours .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the 3 stars is actually the one good thing about this place . michelle p is awesome . she handled the front desk like a champ ! she is the only person who has a handle here . 5 windows open out of 17 . is this our tax dollars at work ? jose ( the supervisor ) needs to step up that game and get things moving . promote michelle . she handled more people in 5 minutes than the windows did in an hour . epic failure and shame . too long of a wait here . great job michelle p ! ! ! ! ! az dmv . you are still awful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i think i found my new hang out spot . i will definitely not mind coming back . i am loving the reclining seats and spacious waiting area . the only thing that is missing is free coffee : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent endroit pour aller prendre un verre et manger . la combinaison de la d\u00e9co , l'ambiance et du staff en fait un endroit tr\u00e8s chaleureux . par contre , tenez le pour dit , c'est un endroit bruyant , donc beaucoup mieux adapt\u00e9 \u00e0 un groupe d'amis qu'\u00e0 une sortie en t\u00eate \u00e0 t\u00eate avec ta nouvelle flamme . \u00e0 essayer , l'entr\u00e9e blt au homard , tout simplement frais et d\u00e9licieux !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent restaurant . la d\u00e9co est tr\u00e8s bien et la vue sur la cuisine , c'est vraiment un plus . le personnel est accueillant . tous les mets que j'y ai go\u00fbt\u00e9s \u00e9taient . le chef fait du bon travail !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cake itself was not bad , and dealing with lisa and carolyn was pleasant , if not always timely or informative . the cake was a massive disappointment . the writing on the cake was sketchy- like imagine is you tried to write with a paintbrush without practicing at all . none of the corners on the patterned design lined up , incredibly . there was a feature on the cake that was made out of something hard , but foam like- here they had cut it out wrong , and instead of redoing it , had just added another layer in spots , which was beyond obvious . at first glance , it was exactly what i wanted . upon closer inspection it looked totally thrown together , without even the slightest hint of care . i 'm so surprised to see all these rave reviews- maybe they threw my cake together since i was from out of town ? i felt like a fool for spending so much money , and being so friendly with people who obviously did not care at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have tried repeatedly to order from the pink cupcake lv and have not heard back . i had received a gift certificate for 2 dozen cupcakes that i guess i will not be able to use .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a partner in my office at work brought in a dozen salted caramel chocolate cupcakes from these wonderful ladies . they were so delicious ! the cake was perfectly moist and flavorful and the frosting was n't too sweet . i am going to contact them about pricing for a cake for my upcoming wedding . i wish they had a location so i could stop by and buy a cupcake from time to time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a vegas local and the pink cupcake just made my wedding cake . i only have amazing things to say about this local business ... first , and probably most important , the cake was delicious . not one crumb was spared , and we still thought it was good days later . second , their customer service was superb . they worked with me based on pictures of my vision , and executed perfectly . they emailed me and responded to emails promptly . they delivered the cake to my wedding reception free of charge . hands down , they were the easiest part of planning for my wedding reception . i ca n't wait to use this business for another special occasion , or just simply stop by to pick up some yummy cupcakes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gone out of business or the address is wrong ; it 's just not there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the pink cupcake has made my daughters birthday cakes for 3 years now and i would never go anywhere else . if you want exceptional taste and quality work , you must try the pink cupcake lv ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i discovered the pink cupcake lv through a groupon . and i 'm pleased that i did ! they provided excellent service and the most delicious and adorable cupcakes for my daughter 's 21st birthday party gathering ! i initially placed one phone call and left a voice mail message . one of the ladies returned my call that afternoon , we discussed the flavor options , and i placed the order for a delivery date one week away . on the delivery date , the cupcakes arrived as planned . no follow-up was needed . everyone loved the cupcakes and i 'm certain i 'll order from them again in the future - and i 'll be sure to recommend the pink cupcake lv to everyone i know !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent experience . chose 4 cupcake flavors ; carrot cake , irish car bomb , pnutbutter chocolate and margarita . all had great flavor and were n't cloyingly sweet . cupcakes were delivered promptly . make sure to give then adequate notice . i started the conversation about a week in advance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a cake and cupcakes for a baby shower , and it was all delicious and so cute ! their flavor options are great , too . i might have to go try some of the ones i did n't get to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awful awful awful . i waited for 32 minutes to get fabric cut . their assistant manager , isaiah , said `` oh well it looks like we did n't call anyone into that department '' . when i called the store and asked for a manager on my cell while in the store , their operator said `` geeze everyone is asking for a manager today '' . well duh ... ..your management sucks . thanks to this store , i refuse to shop walmart . ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst walmart ever ! go there late on the way home from work sometimes and now i never will again . it 's filthy dirty and the service is horrible . they have pallets all over the place and you ca n't navigate the isles and the stockers do n't help accommodate you they will watch you have to go out of your way to come around the other side to grab stuff . most humans would say let me move this so you can get by or can i grab u something nope . wait 45 minuets in a long line with one register open . horrible never returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "walmart has come a long way in the recent years and this location is located pretty close to home . on the food section the started carrying many organic and healthier options as well as a decent sized gluten free section . their wine selection , although small , has enough for what 's needed . clothing options also have some items that are on par with decency . they have self check out on both sides of the store making checkout a breeze on most occasions . i like their pharmacy because of the $ 4 prescription program , were many common generic prescriptions are filled for $ 4 regardless of insurance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this walmart is huge and always clean and organized . the attitude of the on floor staff and dressing rooms could be improved greatly but i rarely need help finding anything . clearance baby stuff is awesome . i often find shirts for $ 1 produce is skimpy and lacking in verity . i do n't do much of my food shopping here i prefer other stores for that but i do get toys , shampoos , and other items there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "walmart just runs a gong show everyday . the aisles are always blocked and all the workers are always in a bad mood , i do n't blame them though i would be too if i was treated as poorly as they are . walmart is good for if you need something when your drunk at like 3 in the morning and everything else is closed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was turned off by the filthyness of the place . we ended at this place because we were looking for a place in az that sells boba . the hubby decided to get one although i was disgusted with the place because we drove quite a ways to get there . the boba was nasty ! ! ! ! ! ! and the wait for one drink was over 20 mins .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i hate this walmart more than i hate most walmarts ! ! ! this is like that bad rash you have that you hope will go away with a trip to the free clinic but only gets worse and your are forced to amputate ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "usually stop for a few things when i leave the gym . the optical department was nice , a huge switch from the one in surprise , on bell road , i will never go to their optical dept . again due to the rudeness , and the inept help ... almost got thrown out of the store cuz i got in the woman 's face for being so unhelpful , and she could n't handle the truth , ... .she called security , lied and said i was being loud and abusive ... unreal ... .then i reminded her of the security camera above us and the truth revealing it 's self , and she told security they could leave .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "convenient location and makes for a quick shopping experience . this walmart is spacious , clean ( yes ! ) , and it has a pretty fast checkout . they are always well stocked . the employees are friendly . what more can i say ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is one lady at the customer service counter who is terrible . she had a rude attitude with me when i tried to return something without a receipt . she kept asking if i was sure i bought it there . i wanted to laugh in her face . it was like pulling teeth trying to get store credit ! i added a star because i have encountered friendly staff here , but this particular lady needs to take her bad attitude outside of her workplace .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "be aware from this place . bad bad bad costumer service , i bought a printer witch is hp - 2132 , i was asking the guy from the electronics if he is sure that this printer has an option for a wireless printing , he told me that it has it . i went home and unfortunately there is no any option for wireless . i went back to the store one day after , ask for exchange to the right one , guess what ? no exchange , no returns no store credit no costumer service , the answered that i got from the lady that working at the costumer service counter was , i 'm sorry the upc on the receipt not match to the one in the box witch is bulishit cause couple times i did showed her that is match . do n't gon na buy nothing from them anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the furniture manager is a fool . she heard us say we needed help and ran away . we proceeded to ask another employee to help us ; he said no he would not but eventually called her . she never showed . a young guy who did n't even work in that department helped us to get the dressers we wanted . maybe he should be the manager because he is apparently the only person willing to work . it 's a good thing he showed up because we were about to leave ! there are so many walmarts in the world that it will be no hardship to go to another . i will not return to this location because i believe that as a respectful customer i deserve better service than a runaway manager .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been a firestone customer for years and live in seven hills but i followed fredie gonzalez when he left firestone to manage this location of master automotive centers on boulder highway . fredie is the best ! ! ! ! it is worth a little extra time to drive to the boulder highway location of master automotive centers because fredie has earned my trust as a very satisfied customer . he 's , by far , the most honest , professional , kind , knowledgeable vehicle mechanic i 've ever known . thank you , fredie ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick and courteous manager . i asked if they use rotella oil and he implied `` yes '' . however , they use a chevron product ( delo ) which is just as good . this shop is so convenient to our campground i 'd go back if i needed another oil change while here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rip off , paid $ 1300 to have my car fixed . and still have the same problem . told me the this would fix it , but it did n't . wanted my back back they just said sorry we thought that was the problem . so i got new parts i never needed and they also kept the core charge on my old parts . they do n't know what their doing . save your money and go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a car which i was looking to buy check out and they did a outstanding job . they dug in deep and found many problem which saved me a lot of problems . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very honest people , tracy is the best , if you want full knowledge in automotive have mike work on your car", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i were there earlier to get some information on an outback and forester and take a test drive . after 10 minutes of being in the show room someone finally acknowledged us . he said he would call someone to help us out . a sales associate came in and helped another group that just came in . after another 10 minutes i asked an associate if they had any booklets on the cars and we were told someone would help us shortly . no one ever ended up coming and we ended up leaving . we will not be buying a car from this dealership if they ca n't even give us five minutes of their time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "baierl 's car care service plan is fantastic ! every coupon has the work that needs to be done & at what mileage mark . no appt necessary . the drive-thru style service center is wonderful : clean , well lit , spacious . after being promptly greeted , a quick stop at the service agent desk gets things started and you are shown where the waiting area is . the customer service waiting area is very pleasant : soft apohlstered seating , 3 round tables where work can be spread out , 2 tv 's , free wifi , coffee service , and clean restrooms . i have yet to find anything displeasing about the entire experience . timeliness , cleanliness , and friendliness round out the experience and make taking my car in for routine service almost enjoyable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried to do business with baierl subaru , it was terrible , they forgot to schedule my and waited for hour just to get reschedule . next day had a timed schedule to pick up my car also had to wait for hours . not wort it . end it up not buying from them . one of the guys is a total ass ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not buy . i was told the only way i could test drive a manual transmission crosstrek was to purchase it first . bad customer service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ask for bev . ( beverly nowakowski ) . she 's great , to the point , and easy to talk to . did n't try and jam anything down my throat and i left feeling really good about my new forester . ( i said no to almost everything in the post-sale sit down with the notary finance manager . ) looking forward to working with them again when i buy another subaru way down the line !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one visit awhile back . nice place for shopping new and used subaru 's . i know many people with this brand of automobile ; all are happy with them . subaru does an excellent job in maintaining quality control across its franchises . while i have only window shopped here , i did not get the sale pressure one often finds at a gm shop . floor person was helpful , informative , and knew enough to just let me look around . f8 and be there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just bought a new wrx from baierl subaru and they were great to deal with , especially rich glaz in sales and garrett in finance . great service and great baierl options included with the car purchase !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been taking my car here for 7 years and they are very organized , always friendly and very helpful in advice on what options for maintenance and repair . love the coupons and the option for a rental when service or repairs will take longer . customer for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm on my hands and knees thanking the heavens for beauty lounge . my mom and i have been searching forever for a place to get our nails done properly . we 've tried every place in henderson and have not been happy with anything . lynn helped us today and she was incredibly sweet , talkative , and professional . my mom has been getting acrylics nails for the past 22 years and with lynn 's expert advice we finally convinced my mom to take the nails off ! this spoke volumes to me . lynn knowingly talked my mom out of a more expensive service to better suit my mom 's needs . we left with gorgeous , perfectly done manicures and pedicures . we have finally found a place to come to biweekly . and yes , the drive from lake las vegas to town square is totally worth it . also , i think beauty lounge has also lowered their prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were staying at the luxor and the bellman told us that town square shopping center was in walking distance ... ..ha ! by the time we got to the town square my feet needed some serious help . i had blisters and i was tired so i decided to go to the first place i found and this was it ! i did have to wait a half an hour before they could take me but it was worth the wait . i love their foot spas . instead of the massage chairs that you get at every salon , they have tile tubs and a cushioned bench that feels like a couch . the girl i had helped relax my feet and make them soft again for my las vegas escapade . i wish that more places had their pedicure area set up like that the same way . it was very relaxing to sprawl out on the bench and not have to sit upright .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr ashley bensfield is absolutely awesome . i was recently referred to the veterinary neurological center by my vet when my dog became very ill. by good fortune , i was assigned an appointment with dr bensfield . she was super knowledgeable and observant . she had a wonderful `` bedside manner '' with both my dog and me . her skills in making preliminary diagnosis and an explanation of alternative causes inspired confidence in her abilities . it provided understanding of the situation which was a relief after many days of uncertainty and confusion . unfortunately , after a subsequent mri , my dog 's condition was determined to be the worst of the alternatives , which was critical and irreversible , and he was summoned to doggie heaven way too soon . it gave me great comfort to have dr bensfield as a resource at a most difficult time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my reservations at first but dr. knowles really tried to help my boy . my 12 year old great pyrenees lost function of his hind legs and was treated for polyneuropathy , after a week of treatment the doctor herself called to see how he was and wanted an mri of his spine to make sure she did n't miss anything ... sure enough he had 2 herniated disks ! unfortunately they found pneumonia and started treatment . we had to take him to a 24 hour hospital early in the morning and even with knowing dr. knowles would be on vacation for a few days she still kept her direct phone on to keep in touch with the emergency veterinarians ! not to mention the staff i dealt with was amazing and a special thanks to the business office for all of their help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff here really took excellent care of my chihuahua . dr. knowles is great and the entire staff is always so friendly ! took my dog here for an mri which is expensive , but thankfully i have pet insurance which covered 90 % of it . he stayed there over a weekend and they even let me come in on a sunday when they were closed to come in and visit him . i 'm in here twice a month now until he 's completely healed and i am so thankful for this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my miniature schnauzer in for an accurate diagnosis of what is causing his balance disorder . it was of sudden onset . having had an excellent experience at vnc in 1997 with dr levesque who no longer sees patients but is the founder of vnc , i had my regular vet make the referral and baxter saw dr. plummer . the doctor had to do an mri to rule out a tumor , stroke or deep inner ear infection . he was able to give us the good news these were not the cause . it is a vestibular syndrome found in older dogs that should remit in a couple of weeks . that was the best possible outcome . if baxter does not back to normal , excepting the head tilt , the doctor wants to see us back . dr. plummer has a kind bedside manner and thoroughly explained the mri scan . he handled baxter gently and spoke to him like a little kid . : - ) sam , at the front office was wonderful ! ! i would n't hesitate to refer someone to a doctor here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these are some of the most caring professionals i 've ever met . and i would like to give an especially big thanks to dr. greatting . the people at this office do not care about your money , they care about your dog . you can go there with confidence that they will not try to talk you into anything you do n't need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the vnc is a great comfort during what can be very scary times with your pets . they are fast , efficient , and friendly , and very experienced in all of the issues your pets may be experiencing . our dog had a herniated disc that was pressing on his spinal cord and had caused paresis in his hind legs . we were quickly referred to the vnc where they got us in for surgery within a day . chowder ( my dog ) remained at the clinic for three days in recovery before we got to bring him home . he has since recovered his ability to walk , and the vnc was very helpful in answering all of our questions about the at-home care and healing process . we had dr. knowles , a no-nonsense woman that clearly knows her way around these issues . friendly , but got down to business right away . she just knows how to get things done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent ! very professional ! they love our dog dimples just as much as we do ! she was very sick and had to be treated overnight . if it was n't for them , dimples would n't be with us today . highly recommend . all the test that she needed was thousands upon thousands . the doctor was pretty confident that she had meningitis , so he began treating her for that . she responded well , and she is slowly getting back to her diva self that we know her to be !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr plummer took awesome care of our dog duke . he needed an mri to diagnosis him right away and it worked they found valley fever in his brain and treated him right away and took amazing care of him over night and everyone loved him and was so sweet to us and him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two of our dogs are patients here . the responses and care of the front office staff and the vets have been nothing less than sensational . nola sees dr. evans and pepper t sees dr. knowles . pepper t , a 5 pounder , has a seizure disorder due to a traumatic brain injury . he has been in several times . they show nothing but patience and interest for him and his condition . i would recommend them without reservation . they are terrific . and the charges for office visits , etc . have been extremely reasonable . nothing unnecessary or unwarranted has ever been recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my review is not really complete as my situation is ongoing but i based on the way i was treated , i feel like i 'm on good hands . i know neurological issues can be costly so i 'm hoping for the best . dr. plummer wad very nice", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we can not say enough about this facility ! ! ! we brought our little poodle coco in as he had suffered a cervical disk extrusion . this little guys legs were paralyzed and he could not stand walk , etc . we were so fearful nothing could be done , however , dr. plummer performed a miracle on our precious coco . surgery was performed on tuesday and we were able to bring him home on thursday . most importantly he was able to stand on all four legs . will take some time for recovery , but dr. plummer anticpated a full recovery ! ! ! we were treated so well by dr. plummer , sam and laura who show they really do care about our pets . i would not hesitate to recommend this facility to anyone . thank you so much dr. plummer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best in the business . smart , knows cars , cares for customers , makes repairs that are required and appropriate . don 's cars has been our family car repair specialist for 28 years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beeb here 3x today 's the fourth . once again my car was diagnosed in 15 mins and quoted way below my neighborhood place . great place to fix your car and friday is doughnut day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he 's had my grandmas business for at least 20 years . he will fix it or make it right quickly and wo n't take your paycheck for the month", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we took our tahoe here and they told us it was the power steering pump . approx $ 600 later we have returned the truck 3 times with the same leak . today we were told it was the high pressure hose and it would be another $ 100 ! i just do n't understand why all the hoses would not be evaluated and or fixed the first time or the 2nd time back for the same problem ! not happy", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered here after i moved from scarborough to oshawa and boy was i disappointed . the food was n't flavourful and the free dumplings were disgusting . they were basically burnt and whatever meat is in there i 'm scared to find out . price was just like any other place . extremely mediocre . not returning", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the owner is rude and at least 3 of my neighbours have had similar experiences , will not be returning . the owner needs to learn basic manners . food is cheap and mediocre , but this place lacks customer service , i remember going here for the first time with my father and siblings , and we ate inside the restaurant , even then the service was horrible , being the only chinese restaurant in our area this place has potential to make money , but the service is just horrible . will not return or recommend ,", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was awesome and delicious . veggies with the meat were crisp and tasted very fresh . chicken balls was not too battered which i like . almond beef was tender and all the meat was easy to cut through . not oily or greasy at all . food was not super salty which is common with chinese food . i will be ordering from here on the regular now . simply awesome ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "way overpriced for the 3 pieces of equipment that they offer . my 5 year old was extremely bored with it after only an hour and and my 20 month old did enjoy the `` toddler zone '' for about 30 minutes . do n't forget your socks-they cost about 3 dollars a pair ... the only thing for small children ( under 3 ) is the toddler zone which had maybe 6 padded shapes in it along with a little bounce house which mine really enjoyed , but that is it . the rest of the equipment is for ages 4 and up . friendly staff and the place was very clean for the most part- bathrooms could use some updating and deep scrub . not worth the 22 dollars for 1.5 hours we spent there ... would rather take them to bounce jungle or bounce u for half that price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we were here for a birthday party . our 2 year old had a great time on the different bounce houses . they have a seperate area for toddlers that has a smaller bounce house .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my 3 year old loves this place ! it is smaller and there seems to not be as many `` big kids '' running around . my `` big kids ( 7 and 6 ) get easily bored here though . i would recommend it for kids 5 and under not so much for anyone much older than that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would give this place a -10 if i could . we made a special trip here to look for minced meat treats ... they advertised minced meat treats on their website ( as seasonl for november and december ) we tried to call several times but no answer . i guess it also doubles as a spa ? weird . the girl working there was clueless and the place was very unorganized . all that and no minced meat treats", "score": "1"}
{"review": "perfect place to get work done ! very friendly people and really good food ! ! ! food is just like starbucks but the prices are much lower ! i loved this place ! i never have a issue here ! always get my work done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is mediocre at best", "score": "1"}
{"review": "drinks are good , cakes were stale and hard , not a fan at all . employees could have been more professional as well .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is under reservations at the moment . i drove all the way to try this cafe only to realize it was closed . please update if you 're going to be closed", "score": "1"}
{"review": "simply marvelous . colette takes her time with each and every client . massages are very therapeutic and facials leave you feeling refreshed . collete is very maticulous about the manis and pedis . ca n't say enough good . i was new to the area about three years ago and she came highly recommneded . very satisfied !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have nothing but `` praise '' for this day spa , i 've had almost all of the services offered in colette 's body and sole day spa and i 've always been pleased . colette , renee , and staff always preform professionally , with high standards and she pays acute attention to hygiene , safety and comfort !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! colette is great ! i immediately felt like i 've known her for years . this is n't a huge place at all , which gives it a much more intimate , personal feel . much easier to relax without many distractions around . i had received the reflexology treatment . first time i ever had it done so i 'm no expert , but i can tell you that it was amazing ! i left there thinking of what i wanted to go back there for next .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! what a relaxing place to get away from reality . colette is so personable and friendly . she cares a lot about customer service and making sure you are pleased with all aspects of your time there . the spa pedicure is top notch ! hands down , the best pedicure in town ... ..the hot towels wrapped around your feet take you to a relaxing state of mind .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go here . this place is a scam . all the other highly negative reviews here reflect my experiences . i went here when i was an undergrad , and had a horrible experience . in the checkup , they performed many unnecessary procedures that were not covered by my insurance , without telling me . oral cancer screening for an 18 year old non-smoker ? really ? i had never had a cavity in my life , and they said they found 3 . naively , i did n't get a second opinion and let them fill the `` cavities '' . i ended up spending huge amounts of money for probably unnecessary dental procedures . another reviewer got it right : this is not so much a dental practice , as a business whose model is to funnel the maximum amount of money out of uiuc students . medically speaking , some of their behavior borders on malpractice . i 'm pretty sure that knowingly misdiagnosing patients to maximize profit falls in that arena .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is more about making money than it is about dental care . of course it is a business and needs to make money but it does n't seem that they care about the patient at much as the money they may bring . they bombard you with all the things that you have to did and everything is very serious if you do n't do it right then and there . in the very short while i visited them , i had 2 wisdom teeth pulled , and like 4 crowns . mind you that i went there for teeth cleaning and nothing was wrong with me . needless to say , i do n't go there any more .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they performed a huge amount of work which to this day i still suspect was unnecessary and charged an absurd amount . they also botched a cavity and killed the nerve , forcing us to do a root canal and put a crown on at another , reputable dentist . i know they are on uiuc student insurance as a provider , but i do not recommend going to them under any circumstance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just had to have a filling that i got here replaced , and it made me remember that i wanted to write a negative review . this place is a scam . it 's terrible . convinced me i needed a cap , i did n't . convinced me i had a new cavity every six months . i changed dentists and have n't had a cavity in three years .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is just alright . i always get the feeling that i am at a used car lot with them trying to sell me on invisalign , teeth whitening or electric toothbrushes . i will say the hygienist i saw was pretty good which is why i did n't give this place one star . she has a technique where the shots do not hurt too bad . i usually have a problem with them billing my insurance as well . i also have never been to a dentist that wants to see you every three months and i do n't have any diseases problems .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "seven fillings in three years ... never before have i had my teeth drilled so much . to make matters worse , twice i had to get fillings redone because dr. jeffrey collin did n't do it correctly the first time . i 'm finding another place and hoping that there has n't been irreparable damage done to my teeth . the dentist says i may need a root canal , because he 's drilled down one of my teeth so far and now it 's causing me pain ... on a better note , the hygienist , mandi , is wonderful . however , for the sake of my teeth , i need to find a better dentist . oh , and the group that the other reviewer was talking about that is heatland dental care , which runs a whole series of clinics , champaign dental included . i will avoid them all as well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will keep this short and sweet . went in as a new patient and was told i needed braces ( for the second time ) , and that i would need to have my five cavities filled . got a second opinion at a reputable , family dentist office . no braces needed . no cavities . i felt so scammed by this place and will be reporting them to my insurance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what the actual f ? i just got a random text message from these people advertising some special sale on tooth crowning . seriously ? this is what modern dentistry has come to ? blasting `` sales '' for dental work via text messages ? i was a patient there over 5 years ago . why am i even on the spam list ? shameful , absolutely shameful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been a patient here for over a decade and turns out if your crown breaks before the 5 year time period your insurance requires , they do n't stand behind their work . my much older crown is still fine ( from the same dentist even ) yet the new one some how broke in two places ? then they do n't want to stand behind or warranty what is clearly faulty materials ? that is garbage service right there for a customer who has been loyal for a long time , done invisilign with them , and provide them with lots of business and recommendations over the years . to be fair , they did offer me a paltry discount on a new crown , but that was more of an insult than a legitimate offer . to make this right , they need either pay to replace their own bad work or at least make an offer of what my insurance would cover .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for 6 years . the staff is nice and they 're usually efficient . i receive email and text notifications to remind me of my appointments which i appreciate . sometimes they offer referral rewards for certain services which can save some money . christina is a great hygienist ! she 's fast , thorough and gentle . my regular doctor just left so i ca n't really give a fair review for the new one , dr. goyal , but he did n't find any cavities so good for me ! dr. colin was a great doctor who is now at a new location in austin , tx . i would recommend him . i think i 've had 4 hygienists here and all but one have been personable and gentle . i believe the one i did n't prefer is no longer here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they pressured me repeatedly to get invisalign , despite the fact that i clearly said i was not interested the first time . they also gave me a fluoride treatment without informing me beforehand ( not covered by my insurance ) and , like some of the other reviewers , told me i had two cavities when i had never had any before in my life . do n't trust this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service and do not care about their patients . all they care about is money and not the patient 's needs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice staff and very helpful with getting me in fast and inexpensive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter has her wisdom tooth pulled on september 2016 . she went to champaign dental group , 217-398-2244 , since it 's close to school . she was literally in pain for 3 days , the pain was so bad she could not even open her mouth . she went back and the dentist tells her `` oh i should of gave you a prescription for penicillin . '' however , the dosage was low and did n't do anything to stop the pain . my daughter had to drive back home to chicago to see our family dentist , which gave her an antibiotic to stop the infection she had . this place sucks , i can not recommend this place . this place deserves zero stars for what my daughter went through . if you own a business you should try and give a crap about the patients you are caring for .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a money craving vampire . i paid 600 $ for one wisdom tooth . the other time they did an oral exam , gave me a bill telling me that i need to pay 16k $ for like 12 root canals for my teeth . they smile at you when you pay , or when you are about to pay , and no more smiling when u decide to leave . and they kept calling me once a while to remind me of that 16k until i told them to stop .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the dentist never actually came in the room . i got his `` diagnosis '' secondhand via the hygienist or assistant . i was in the waiting room longer than i was in the chair . they also were supposed to call the dentist to ask a question about the previous dental work i had on the tooth i was there for . instead , they came back with the amount i owed the previous dentist ! i 'm pretty sure them being all in my billing account at my previous dentist violates hipaa .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a great experience here . i went in because a filling fell out and i had no paid . they had a $ 40 emergency visit special that included x-rays . i went in on time . it only took me about 15 mins to have x-rays and see dr kuo with a diagnosis . he said i would probably need a root canal but he would do everything he could during the procedure to avoid it and save the tooth . i got an estimate in office within 5 mins . i have no dental insurance so i knew it would be pricey . came back the same day for the fix which did turn into a root canal . it was completely pain free . even the shots of novocain . dr. kuo is very knowledgeable and personable . he explained everything to me before the procedure . they checked multiple times to make sure i was still numb . i was very pleased with my visit . i hate the dentist and had them prescribe me a valium to ease the anxiety . i would defiantly go back to their office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im not sure what all of the negative reviews are about - i had a fantastic experience here . i came in with nerve pain and a preexisting deathly fear of needles and came out with fear fended off by excellent service , and absence of pain . charlotte and dr. colin were great . they were straight up with me about treatment options , didnt waste time , and were super attentive throughout .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here today for the first time and my hygienist , violet , was great ! she had her room decorated and very homey looking . she was funny and a great teacher about how to take care of your teeth and why . i also got the vibe that she is a very genuine person and a loving christian woman . the doctor was also extremely nice and made getting two cavities filled not that big of a deal . i did n't know i had cavities when i came in but they fixed them on the spot without requiring another appointment . i loved this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no idea why i went back several times . they have gotten me to do unnecessary procedures and seem greedy and very pushy . the other day they got my to stay for a filling . i waited in the chair 30 minutes then got 2 numbing shots . the first shot she put way back , too far into jaw . it hit a nerve and was so painful . i got another shot 30 minutes later and it took 30 seconds to do my filling . i do n't think i needed it . it 's been a few days and i still ca n't open my jaw without stabbing pain from where that first shot went . i ca n't eat anything without severe pain . the staff were very unprofessional and i highly recommend you do not go there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here today because i 'd noticed sensitivity in one of my teeth . i expected a cavity . according to them i need 5 filings , two root canals , and they want to take out all my wisdom teeth ( which came in comfortably and are not causing any problems ) . yeah , sure ... they 're nice enough , but they are clearly just trying to get as much money out of you as they can .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we came here twice during our 2 day stay ... yes ... twice . $ 7.99 for breakfast and $ 20 for a meat filled dinner . they have these different stations where you can go and eat and stare and then eat some more . the quality of their food : good . some stuff was great-like their strawberry ice cream..and i do n't even like ice cream all that much . what impressed me the most is their big assortment of dessert . they 've got everything from red velvet cupcakes , pistachio ice cream , and sweet potato pie to name a few . when we went to this buffet we must have come at the right time because when we left there was a big line just to get in . i do n't know how those peoples experience went but for us ... we were seated quickly , our drinks got refilled rather slowly but surely and we left very very full .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a solid buffet . it has sushi and brisket which is a little different from most buffets that are off the strip . you ca n't go wrong with the member card either as that significantly lowers your price . the lines are hellish long though . expect to wait about 30 mins easy whether it is lunch or dinner . i love their olives and mushroom salad as their salad bar area has alot of unusual tasty treats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service at this mediocre buffet was sooooo slow . we were done eating our second helping at the buffet before our drinks arrived . the staff in general were unfriendly and not very accommodating , save one server . i would never make the trip out to this buffet since there are so many others in las vegas with cheerful helpful staff elsewhere . do n't bother going here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for the price and quality of the prime rib here . 16.99 on a saturday ? ca n't beat that and the meat was so tender and juicy . especially if u can get a coupon book then it 's bogo free . superrrrrr deal ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "would n't know how the food is . been here three times and each time there were massive lines while inside there were 50-75 empty tables and even more that were waiting to be cleaned . management needs to stand out front and watch party after party see the line and walk out . like most buffets the cashiers are fast but the seating takes forever while tables sit empty and customers leave .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "feast buffet is a great value with their gaming card . we were there on a monday night and was only $ 14 . the food choices were numerous and food quality was very good . especially liked their salad bar area with many great healthy choices . recommend the lobster ravioli freshly made and roasted turkey was juicy and tender . dessert options were many and gelato was wonderful . servers were good and quick to clear your plate or to offer refills . have eaten at this buffet many times . worth the 20 minute drive from the strip . a great value with quality food offerrings . get their free gaming card first to get a $ 4 discount off the regular price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to like this mcdonald 's location . but recently getting really disgusting . a lot of flies are flying around . their floor is sticky . tables and chairs are always nasty . it 's really turned me off . i did n't get anything there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i can count on one hand how many times i go to a fast food restaurant within a year and you can almost bet it equals late night and alcohol . last night was no different . mickeyd 's was calling my name . i stopped at the one on fairview road . service was fast and pleasant . my french fries were so hot i could n't eat them right away . le big mac was the perfect amount of gooeyness from the special sauce and i do n't know what their secret is for fountain drinks , but the coke at mcdonald 's always taste better than anywhere else . two all beef patties , special sauce , lettuce , cheese , pickles , onions on a sesame seed bun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the nicest mcdonald 's i 've been in , which of course is what you would expect for a neighborhood like this - southpark . there is a piano in the lobby and there are two levels . the crew here seem to have more of a clue than other mcd 's i 've patronized , but the main problem with this one is that it is very difficult to get into and out of . it is a very narrow pad with the drive through and i have no doubt that there are any number of minor fender benders with the quality charlotte drivers and the massive vehicles in this part of town . there is a large tv upstairs and i did manage to find a couple of power outlets . free wifi , as in all mcdonald 's . all i can say is : be wary !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rude rude rude . i normally never leave a review of a fast food chain , but this is an exception . the workers are just plain rude . the fries were nasty and the bun on my burger was stale . avoid this place unless you just do n't give a crap about how your treated and want a sub par big mac .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a five star mcdonalds so to speak . there 's a baby grand player piano and an upstairs with tv . however the service and food quality are standard run of the mill mcds . i 'm writing this from the upstairs after buying my daughter a happy meal . her fries are cold as are the nuggets . the sprite is all soda no syrup . i got a small choco shake which was barely mixed . i think it 's actually vanilla . not fatal errors but either they 're short handed or they just do n't take pride in their job . hope this is just a fluke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "waited 15 minutes at a drive thru at 11:30 at night . one person in line with no response . ridiculous ? ? ... ..and then after the mcflurry machine was down , no honey mustard , no cheeseburgers available , and they were all cussing when i was trying to order . yikes ... ... ... ... and they still charged me for a burger even though i did n't get one . honestly was scared to say anything after hearing them in there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "years ago this mcdonald 's location had a grease fire . to this day , that horrible burnt grease smell is still extremely prevalent when you walk in the door . the only way to rid this stench is to bulldoze and build another from scratch . they also have this player piano in this location which is often too loud and these are the reasons i get my orders to go . as far as food quality goes , well , it 's mcdonalds . which is n't necessarily a bad thing . i do crave their burgers now and then and yes , they are convenient . but it 's hit and miss as far as freshness goes . but it 's really that awful smell inside that nauseates me to no end .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this mcdonald 's . they are always so kind and care about their customers . one day this spanish woman accidentally gave me breakfast burritos instead of my sandwich . when i came back she realize exactly what happened and quickly traded them out . today when i came , two weeks later she gave me a brownie for no reason . they also make the best iced coffee around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this mcdonald 's has a confusing as hell drive thru route . you have to circle the entire building to get to the drive-thru section . i was so hungry for my fatty indulgence that i pictured myself accidentally running over a patron as i high-tailed my way around the corner to get to the drive-thru lane . yeah , this location looks all fancy-shmancy but they really , really disappointed me . i got a nugget meal to-go , only to go home and find that they forgot the sauce ! nuggies with no sauce ? i would n't wish that upon my worst enemy ! i looked at my receipt and it was right there -- `` s & s sauce $ 0 '' . but , there was no sauce . i tore through my bag , hoping that it was hiding under the fries , but there was no sauce to be found . i could have broken down in tears right then . for that , i will not return to you . you have forsaken me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nasty ! the food and the staff . the people here do not have a care in the world and only want the day to end so they can get paid . the food is absolutely horrible and yet so many people with limited taste buds frequent this place . the only place worst is jack in the box .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i roll through this drive thur an embarrassing number of times per week . overall this mcdonald 's is one of the better ones . the fries are for the most part always hot . but this is my only complaint ... the sweet tea has been off lately . the person saying they 've been using tap water could be on to something .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow . this mcdonalds is hecka classy . there 's a baby grand piano , it 's two stories , and everything is clean and immaculate . there are numerous tables outside on the second floor balcony and the seating plan is perfectly laid out on the inside . as far as facilities are concerned , this is the best mcdonald 's i 've been to . the food ... . is the same as regular mcdonald 's which i think is aok . i do n't know how some people are so picky with their $ 6 combo meals . besides waiter service , i do n't know what else i would want ! i ordered my usual big mac meal and it was delicious . i got a great portion of fries , i had a great selection of drinks to choose from , and i had a wonderful environment to eat . there 's even a big tv with the news on so you can catch up on your current events .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a mcdonald , you ca n't expect an amazing experience . this mcdonald is in an excellent location , right across the street from nordstrom and belk 's in south park mall . two stories with a huuge playground attached for kids . this is children 's haven . the upstair even has a piano , tell me a mcdonald that has this ? plenty of seating , the store itself is clean enough , a lot of sunlight and open ceilings since it has 2 floors . service is not superb but not terrible . overall , if you compare this mcdonald with other mcdonalds around the area , or even around the state , you will find that this one is quite superb .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a mcdonald 's that makes me want to put my pinky up in the air when dunking chicken mcnuggets into various sauces . first of all , it 's a two story mcdonald 's ! win right across the street from southpark mall ( in the middle of it all ) . i always liked going upstairs and people watching from the upstairs patios . i 've never had sub-par fast food here , so they are super consistent with the way they make stuff . was n't a huge fan of the cashier my last visit . he just kinda stood there and took my order without talking to me ... could have been a long day , but it was a bit awkward . when my food came out , he did n't call me over ... so it was sitting there for a while until i noticed it . i 'm liking the addition of the self playing baby grand in the bottom floor ... really classes it up . pinkys up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went here today for breakfast and the service was great . got back and told the minick 's family to go there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was super wary about this stop because of previous reviews , but they have apparently stepped their game up ... they have a new ( or at least new to me ) 60 second or less service guarantee and i was definitely wondering if the `` quality '' of the food would suffer since they were trying to move so quickly ... i was very pleasantly surprised ... not only were we through the drive thru in about 60 seconds , my food was incredibly hot and fresh ... well , you know , as fresh as mcdonald 's is ... it was a quick trip with hot food which is what i wanted , so i was pleased ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been sitting in the drive through now for 15 mins , still 3 cars back . they are hire incompetent morons . ca n't wait till robots take over their jobs . update on 4 9 17 9 : pm came back ordered a milkshake for my kid in the drive through . the cashier in a rude tone said `` we do n't has no milkshakes our machines is down. `` no we 're sorry or what else can we get you . just rude and frankly these people have no business working in the hospitality industry . the few times i have gone to this mcdonald 's it 's night and day how well the drive through runs in the morning compared to the evening . in the morning it runs smooth and fast , at night it is horrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location has a terrible drive through . always check your receipt and your food before you leave . they will mess up your order somehow every time . charging for wrong size food items or even leaving burger patties off the buns seem to be common errors at this place . but at least their ice cream machine has worked every time i 've been ... silver lining ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "by mcdonald 's standards , this location is downright luxurious ! the service is great some shifts , and shifty other shifts , but the setting makes up for it . in addition to the baby grand piano in the corner of the first floor -- there 's a fireplace and large tv on the second floor , and a balcony for outside seating . there are even framed paintings on the walls ! ( well , they 're to the caliber of those art show liquidation paintings that cost $ 5 , but i appreciate the ambiance enhancer . ) especially fitting since this mickyd 's is across the street from nordstrom !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it had been 9 years since the last time i ate here . all i can say price is great and food of my gosh yummiest in ohio . a hidden gem that not very touristy which is great . love the waiting and service provided . i wish they would show california a thing or two on how to make a real ruben .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped for breakfast from the airport . it 's right off the highway i480 ridge road exit . ask for melissa . the breakfast was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . my family has been coming here for as long as i can remember . i 've come to know the owner on a first name basis and he 's just the nicest guy on the planet . the food is always delicious . this place is ridiculously affordable , with exceptional quality . it 's a diner that shines through other diners with a similar motif . if you are in the area , there really is n't any other diner you should even contemplate visiting . this is it . hands down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the best build your own omelet here . it was very large size and very tasty for a decent price . clean and friendly place . would go there again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "arrived at 5pm on a friday for their fish fry based on the previous review . we were seated immediately . i saw a sign for it up front but it was not on the menu that i could fine - luckily the waitress pointed it out ( abbreviated as `` a.u.c.e. '' ) . for $ 7.95 you get a bowl of soup ( chicken noodle or clam chowder ) or salad , fries or two pierogies , unlimited fish and jello or rice pudding . the clam chowder was edible . the pierogies were delicious and i wish there were more of those . the fish was tasty , not overly greasy , though had some odd air pockets between breading and meat . with soda , tax and tip the two of us were out for under $ 25 and so stuffed we took home two pieces of fish and passed on the included dessert . the waitress was friendly if a bit mechanical , though she seemed to know many of the other patrons . atmosphere is truly eclectic . overall we would definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best fish fry in town ! tasty fish that 's not over breaded , crispy fries that have a buttery flavor or get the local church made pirogies , my fav . the meal starts with soup and ends with jello or their tasty rice pudding . the place is packed so do n't be in a hurry but worth the wait ! oh yeah , it 's all u can eat fish !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent all you can ear fish fry and clam chowder at a reasonable price . highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met a buddy for breakfast here , before a business meeting . it was his pick and i was a bit reluctant about the choice , but glad i was wrong ! ! ! ! service is friendly , inside is small , typical neighborhood restaurant setting . i had the `` george 's special '' . a large potato pancake topped with canadian bacon , eggs and cheese ... ... ... that potato pancake was so freakin ' awesome ! ! ! i am still thinking about it ... ... ... ... glad that i was introduced to this little local neighborhood gem ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great local diner . the food is good the service is great . very cheap and great quality i 've only came here once or twice but i will definitely be back if your in the area and want to grab breakfast with a buddy this is the place to come to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely the place to go for breakfast . the food is good and the price is right . the only problem with this place is that the service is slowwwwww", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nothing great , nothing terrible . very basic breakfast menu items , with nothing that really stands out . at times , that 's exactly what i 'm looking for , but not usually . if you want a quick and decent breakfast i 'd recommend here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "friendly service at a good price ... and they have wifi ! unlike many other eateries , they do have a decent selection of foods that are n't fat-laden . so if you 're trying to eat healthy , you will have options to choose from . did i mention that they have wifi ? i 'll say it again , simply because there are n't many mom-and-pop style restaurants that provide this . this bumps them up to the five-star category , as far as i 'm concerned .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite local breakfast places . skip the chain restaurants and come here . good selection of food , good prices and fast service . try the `` two for the money '' or `` western skillet ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was excellent , cooked in a timely manner . the service was also fantastic . the ladies were friendly and checked on us when needed . we never had an empty cup of coffee . first time dining and i would definitely return soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great breakfast ! great service ! went there 2 days in a row for breakfast had corned beef hash it was tasty not from a can eggs over easy , perfect also had the western skillet it was awesome large amounts of food i was stuffed they kept my coffee cup full and the price was right ! ! they have a big dinner menu i 'm hooked on there breakfast sunday would be 3 days in a row i 'm going . the other in my party had the scrambled eggs with ham cheese it was a large amount with hash browns and toast this place is a gem the price is great too ! love it i 'm hooked try it you will go back for more", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was ok nothing special . it smelled like a dirty bathroom or porta potty . they should invest in some cleaning products .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i waited for an hour to get my hair highlighted i had previously called and said i was coming in and then it was my turn to be next and they took somebody else in front of me and told me to wait another 20 minutes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the only stylist that was really good no longer works here so i wo n't be going back . had someone else cut my hair and it was definitely not right . this place has gone downhill", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been cutting my hair ( buzzing it off ) for the last 5+ years and felt it was time for a change . went to this fantastic sams and rob cut my hair . rob was great . i came in with some ideas and he worked with those but changed it a bit to fit my head hair and was constantly asking me what i thought . i had no experience with hair products so i told him that and he went over everything with me and showed me how to style and different ways to use the products . definitely recommend rob just tell him what your looking for and he 'll make sure it looks good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stay away ! this salon has problems with lice more than i can count- if you visited here and your child has lice its a lossibility it was from the salon in laveen . also , one stylist has said the new owners carlos and monique artis could care a less about their stylists or the customers and thats why they have such a turn pver . no one can cut in the place except the girl who gave the info , and shes leaving . so , if you want a 45 min hair cut where you worry about the outcome , and the wait is long with a high turn over , then go for it ! p.s . there are a couple other choices in laveen and they do great . forget fantastic sams ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this salon does n't care about customer satisfaction.i went back to understand what went wrong with my highlights that i did with them , instead all i been hearing is `` she have n't even charge you what she suppose to charge you '' . thanks a lot , with this attitude you are not gon na have customers . hopefully this place close soon here in laveen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thank you chris for a great hair cut ! ! i walked in knowing i wanted to take several inches off my hair and go a completely different look . chris , my stylist was patient and did exactly what i asked for even when i was n't sure of what i wanted . she was even a bit conservative and not chop happy ! i told her i may be back to go even shorter . i came back later that day and she recut it . it turned out great ! she was a great listener , which in my book , makes a great stylist . every stylist was friendly and the atmosphere relaxed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thank you guys for being courteous and helpful ... not to mention fast and precise . i always have a good experience here . different stylists each time , but it has worked out great . appreciate it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clipped my sons ear . highly inexperienced staff and equally low skilled on apcustomer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gracie did a great job on my hair . she was very quick and efficient and highlighted my hair exactly how i wanted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought 2 children to get their hair cut . i waited about 20 minutes for the first hair cut . that was acceptable , but when that hair cut was done the hair cutter did not come and get the second child . instead he starting talking to other hair cutters standing around and even texted on his cell phone . there were 2 or 3 hair cutters standing around , talking , and on their cells phones . after 40 minutes the second child was still waiting and the 2 hair cutters had moved to the back room . you better allow an hour to wait and it ca n't bother you that hair cutters are standing around doing nothing . i paid for the first child and asked the person at the registered that i did n't understand why we were n't called . maybe they have to take a 10 minute or 20 minute break between customers . there is enough competition that i am so thankful i will not have to go back to this salon !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "save for stumptown coffee , unless one is stranded downtown with no other means to obtain food i can not fathom a reason to shop at the market . from its overly precious feel to the frankly unappealing selection of baked goods and prepped foods i did not see one item here that made me think `` wow , i 'd like to eat that . '' obviously not the target audience as i do n't need craft beer and have a car that can carry me a few miles away to a larger selection at a lower price i guess this will have to do for the downtown project cohort until someone can coax a citytarget or something similar into the area ... though shopping there would probably be beneath folks with manicured facial hair and the latest in thriftshop-chic who want to spend extra on a box of lucky charms or cookies that looked stale at 10am .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yelp 365 challenge 2014- ( 301 365 ) `` grab and go '' located on fremont street in dtlv , this neighborhood market is like a miniature version of whole paycheck . aisles of produce , beverages of all kinds , cheeses , snack , and even a frozen foods section is there , also a prepared foods food bar sold by weight is there for those who are fans of that kind of grab and go food . i like their counter area where they have made to order sandwiches , desserts , and beverages by the glass , including stumptown coffee on tap ! the latte was good , but could 've been a tad bit hotter . its a very welcome addition to the downtown area . aloha ! ! ! shaka meter : uuu uuu uuu uuu 4", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hanging out in vegas is only expensive if you do it wrong- classic symptoms of `` doing it wrong '' include : 1 . booking a hotel on the strip 2 . paying for well drinks in a casino 3 . only eating at sit-down restaurants 4 . paying for parking . i 've made seeking out free parking a game , and it 's wonderful how much money you save few more miles of exercise you get per week ! the market helps out with numbah 3 , and it does it well . the price for the per-pound salad and prepared food bar was 7.99 when i visited , fresh fruit was perfectly ripe , and the customer service was wonderful . they could improve their produce selection- no limes or lemons for hacking into serviceable wedges with whatever blunt instrument one finds in the hotel room . i liked the mini pecan tart , but their cannoli filling was not so great . will definitely come back next time i 'm in the neighborhood !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we just moved to downtown vegas and were thrilled that the market 's opening would beautifully coordinate with our arrival . that enthusiasm did n't last long . 1 ) the selection is extremely limited . very few fresh veggies and nothing organic . no dark roast coffee . we wanted to support local and figured it would take a little time for the market to get adjusted to the locals and our needs . so we tried again , but then the real kicker , 2 ) the service is terrible ! my husband , ( who is 48 with a full head of mostly gray hair ) , went in to buy beer yesterday . they carded him which i find surprising , but then they would not accept his ct drivers license that the the nv dmv punched because his new nv license is scheduled to arrive within 5-7 days . really ? ! ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bree ( sorry if i spelled your name wrong ) was friendly and personable . i love patronizing a business with friendly folks ... why give my hard eared money to meanies . this little market has a small produce area and a nice selection of pantry items to go along with their coffee bar pizza kitchen sandwich counter salad bar . most items are comparable to local grocery store prices . it is a great place to stop and grab a quick sandwich and peet 's coffee when you are on the go downtown . as of 8 26 2015 , they have a yelp check in offer for a free coffee ( yep , peet 's ! ) with purchase . they also have a sandwich special that is $ 5.00 for a pre-made sandwich , chips and canned soda . hello , bargain lunch ! they also carry freshly made cookies that are too huge and was under priced and a few varieties of the nearby o face donuts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we need more of these markets in las vegas ! such a wonderful neighborhood addition which just recently opened in october ! here you can find traditional groceries locally sourced as well as produce also sourced by local farmers but without really jacking up the prices . also delicious coffee which on this trip i got to sample . the expresso machine was new to them so there were some small technicalities , but still enjoyed a great tasting late . they offer great grab and go food options like their hot food and cold salad bar , gourmet handmade sandwiches , a full size deli , craft beer and wine , pastries and so much more sure to cater and tantalize even the most finickiest eater ! i can easily see this market becoming a regular stop for me so luckily they are open sunday through thursday , 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. , and friday and saturday , 7 a.m. to midnight !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "local version of whole foods , with an eye-catching exterior mural and outdoor seating . inside offers a limited handful of grocery store staples , but their focus is on take-and-eat food and beverage , including some alcoholic options . order at the counter from a menu of sandwiches and sides for breakfast and lunch , grab a juice from a refrigerated case or a coffee from the barista , and visit the cafeteria-style hot foods section to take your lunch or dinner home for later ! friendly service , clean and organized space . especially love the tables and chairs outside- bonus points for an adjacent parking lot !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great breakfast when they get the order right . sometimes can be a little chaotic with the ordering process , but it 's worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love that there is now a market downtown that has healthy food selections , and is safe , and has a deli , espressos and beer and wine and a place to sit , that is a lot of ands , and each one is well deserved . it is great when you have visitors and want a break , this is an oasis to get away from the noise and the party energy . there is a great selection of deli items and a salad bar with other food choices . they offer a little happy hour as well . there were great desserts and i should not forget the pizza . if i need a little fruit as a snack , or before i headed home i could pick up grocery items , it is all there ! what was great , there was outdoor seating as well as indoor , and it was nice to have a quiet place to eat and enjoy the food . it is like a coffeehouse market wine and beer bar all mixed in one ! i know i will be back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this neighborhood needs a grocery store badly and i walked in with high hopes and a shopping list about 5 items long . out of the 5 totally normal grocery type items , they only had one . do n't go here if you actually need something . you 'll be greeted with empty shelves and disappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i appreciate the all-natural breakfast menu , but the acai bowl was not worth it . it took a very long time to get made , and the portion was small , so i was n't filled up . wish i 'd gotten the breakfast burrito or shakshuka . however , the watermelon chia drink was so great . try it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty cool market that recently opened up just before you enter the container park in downtown las vegas . it reminds me of a miniature version of whole foods with similar price points . they have interesting snacks if you ever get the munchies . lots of brands i have never seen before . original and innovative ? perhaps . there 's also a mini hot & cold foods bar with a cafe like atmosphere that also has a pastry case & fresh baked bread as well . a trendy looking mini-market that 's worth a look around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are open until 10pm , i believe you should still offer sandwiches until 10pm . and you should not charge $ 10 for a box of quinoa . i do , however , like their food bar for lunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great little market with all the essentials and some more peculiar items as well . i like the bulk grains and treats near the front . they had fantastic water melons for just $ 1.50 a lb . but the cheese section was a little limited and some of the deli items did n't look all that fresh . i will definitely be back to peruse some more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally ! - a grocery store in downtown las vegas ! i do n't live down there but i know lots of people who do and i 'm sure they are super happy about not having to take the highway to the grocery anymore . the market is small but adequate for anyone living downtown . they carry mostly organic items , fresh produce , and a fairly small frozen section ( which is probably better anyway ) . the best part is the deli with made or order sandwiches , a buffet with breakfast in the morning & lunch type food in the afternoons . they also have a dessert case - usually cheesecake , cupcakes ... the normal stuff but they look delicious ! i noticed that the prices were a bit high ( $ 5.49 for a small box of ritz crackers.. say whaaattt ? ? ) but i suppose it evens out when you factor in the gas you are saving not driving to the grocery store . overall , it 's a cute little store with everything the downtowners need !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while it 's nice to see a grocery store like this it is not for it to be overpriced and having it offering baguettes aged to be as hard as broom stick .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just saw this market on yelp recently and decided to check out their hot food selection , hoping that it would be similar to whole food market . the market itself is very clean and organized . there 's a deli with made to order ( cold ) sandwiches and a build your own salad bar.+ as for their hot food counter , it was very disappointing . there was a lot of stale fried food and very little veggie , nothing that look appetizing at all . it 's too bad , because i really want to go out of the way to support mom and pop type of business .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was an awesome find . my fianc\u00e9 and me usually stay at el cortez when we are in vegas . this place is great place to get coffee and pick up some wine . the breakfast and lunch buffet is a great option for food on fremont street with a great price ! we will continue to use this cute market on our several trips a year .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every day it becomes worse and worse . no fresh vegetables , no organic eggs . the market is turning slowly into walgreens that is right around the corner .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service here is the slowest of all time . there are always multiple people working and no registers open in the front , just the checkout counter where you order food . ive been twice and i will never go back . the buffalo chicken wrap was terrible . the bagels are also terrible . avoid it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cute store with a great selection of vegan specialty foods . tried virgin local cashew-based cheese . $ 12 . but it was really tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food at the cafe , all of their salads are excellent my husband loved the what what sandwich . the service is inconsistent but the food outweighs the service so i will continue to go ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm considering moving to vegas just so i can eat here on a regular basis . the complicated order is so incredible that i came back the next day and ate it again for breakfast . the pineapple mint chia drink is great as well . the staff is some of the kindest people i 've met and they are so attentive . please move to la so i can come here 3x a week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when my boyfriend & i grab a quick lunch while he 's at work we love coming here to the cafe located inside . they have the best sandwiches ever ! seriously , the turkey on wheat with the avocado & sprouts is heaven . it 's very simple & fast . always clean . always nice . i do n't have anything bad to say ... the market is basically a local market of whole foods , only better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "living near fremont , so glad there 's a market near me . prices are a little high compared to grocery stores , but worth the convenience ! great line of hot food & salad bar available each day ! plus they carry my fav water - icelandic !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this market ! they are so close to the fremont experience & the hotels on fremont . this grocery store is like a miniature whole foods but more reasonable . they have an unbelievably wide selection , a little of everything in a small space . their deli bakery ready-to-eat section is great . pizza , salad bar , hot entrees by the pound . super fresh produce and competitive pricing . fresh breads , canned goods , dairy , lots of artisan bottled drinks like fresh juices & kombucha . the best part about this market is their customer service . it 's a groupon that brought me in for my 1st visit . the cashier was so pleasant and helpful , no rolling eyes as i asked for help , no sneer about the groupon ( unlike many establishments who frown upon those bringing in groupons , which btw that business took upon themselves to offer their groupon ) . i highly recommend trying this little local grocery store & more . i 'd love to see them thrive for many years to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sandwiches are expensive and take forever . the service is a hit or miss . the produce is normally gross quality . the prices are outrageous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to the market just to buy virgin cheese . if that 's why you 're going do n't bother ! ! ! ! literally and mini wedge of cheese 2 inches in diameter was $ 12.00 ! ! ! ! ! seriously ? ! i was outraged . as a vegan i am proud to show people that eating diary free is n't more `` expensive '' - virgin cheese spits on that concept . i would have bought it if was $ 5 maybe $ 7 at most . but 12.00 $ ? ! ? ! are you joking ? i 'll never buy virgin cheese just because of the rape they call `` environmentally friendly '' cheese ... what about economically friendly ? ! ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "`` hey hey hey , smoke weed everyday . '' these employees need mandatory espresso shots before they hit the floor . takes light years to get checked out here . good spot but goddamn the wait is brutal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i usually pop in here late at night if i 'm around container park or downtown doing a shoot of leaving a concert . the staff is friendly and nice . i like the little market setup , i usually grab a snack and a drink and hit up the little cafe area to review my photos and such . it 's a nice quiet spot without crack heads , pan handlers or the rest of the swamp donkeys i encounter when shooting . i know it 's not a huge market like smith 's or albertsons but it 's good to stop in for a little something while you are downtown .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like others , i want to like the market . i 'm a regular in downtown las vegas and truly believe that it 's a 'food desert ' - devoid of fresh , healthy , affordable options and filled with an array of low quality $ 10 prime rib specials , happy hours and deep fried hostess treats . the market has the opportunity to be this community 's culinary salvation , but management is falling short of delivering on that promise . the vast majority of the store is filled with heavily processed 'health foods ' , energy drinks and packaged liquor . the limited amount of produce that does exist is old , mealy or otherwise unappealing . to the management of this little parcel of prospective gold - do you know that there 's still a chance for you ? 'cause there 's a spark in you . you just got ta ignite the light and let it shine . just own the night like the 4th of july . 'cause , baby , you 're a firework . make em go ah , ah , ah .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stayed nearby for edc and let me tell you the fresh juices we got from here each day gave us life to survive the vegas heat . the juices are really large and at only $ 6 , are such a great deal , especially since they are made fresh to order . you can choose your base from a bunch of fruits and vegetables , then you can choose to add in tumeric , lemon , and or ginger for that healthy kick . first day we got green apple , celery , and cucumber with tumeric lemon and ginger . second day we got green apple , cucumber , and beets with the same add-ins . so fresh and delicious but also healthy ! one of the juices they even gave us the leftover juice that did n't fit in the cup in a separate smaller cup , which i thought was so great of them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i am pretty happy to have found this place . when i lived in downtown sd we had krisp , which was walking distance from our loft , i liked that place so much . i was wishing for a market like that when i discovered the market here on yelp . it 's not walking distance , but lv is n't really known for it 's walkability . it 's nice because if i need a thing or two i do n't have to make the trek all the way out to whole foods . they have a small selection of produce , although i do n't think it was organic . i 'm not sure though . i was impressed by their selection of vegan friendly foods , i found organic tofu for less than i would pay at whole foods , i thought for sure it would be more ! they had all kinds of whole foodsy type items like vegenaise , assorted dark chocolate bars , kale chips etc . it looked liked they carried a nice selection of beer and wine too . i will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a nice spot if you are not sure what you want to eat but want a variety of choices . i love that they have vegan options too . i stopped in to get some virgin vegan cheese the staff member that helped me was very courteous and she even pointed out the sampler of virgin cheese . which i ended up purchasing because i definitely needed to get a taste of everything since they were $ 12 for 5oz .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i eat here almost everyday at the cafe . i 'm so lucky to have it here . it 's delicious and i have never had anything less than amazing customer service ! i 'm not sure where all the complainers are coming from , but the bronze cafe is legit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people , the food , the drinks and just the entire vibe of this place is amazing ! went for a tasting and got way more than expected . everyone was very friendly and hospitable . ana is one of the supervisors and she made sure we were taken care of and fully satisfied . she 's amazing ! thanks to the awesome manager david for everything", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the breakfast and lunch sandwiches are delicious and the hot food bar has a solid selection . i stopped by once during my stay and kept coming back thanks to the food and service . kevin was the best . i 'll definitely be back when i 'm in the area again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hours are 7a to 10p awesome alcohol selection ! cute hot food bar lots of organic options and good produce options cute lil pie and macaroon options too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for breakfast . breakfast sandwiches are made fresh when ordered . place is well lit nicely maintained and the employees were outgoing , friendly and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good placement down on fremont . nice and clean but i was expecting more local stuff or more `` whole foods '' type of place . biggest disappointment was they do n't have stumptown coffee anymore , just pete 's coffee now . meh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing food and great employees who make you feel welcome and well taken care of . we went for brunch and everything was fantastic from the vegan chicken and biscuits , their version of eggs benedict and something yummy i ca n't pronounce or spell . i will soooo be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great turkey sandwich and peets coffee . also , a good grocery selection with a decent amount of organic food choices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bacon and egg sandwhich here is one of the best i 've ever had . enough to make me want to move to vegas . seriously delicious . i 'd go for 5 stars but the first time i ordered it it took 20 mins so speed is a little slow but every other time was faster and every time it was ah-may-zing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! hungry for dinner ? stop by grab the spicy pig and a tenaya creek on draft for $ 2.00 ... ca n't go wrong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what started out as a nice little organic market has become a glorified convenience store with no convenience . hit the old school down at about 4th and fremont . way friendlier and way cheaper and way better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've always loved bronze cafe at the center and go to this location for grab and go lunch frequently too . i did n't realize until recently that they 'll do a full sit down dinner too ! we had an amazing salmon shrimp dish , a chimichurry chicken , and vegan `` fried chicken '' among other things , all of which were amazing ! chef peter is a talent . check it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the grab and go sandwich and my husband had the pepperoni metro pizza . everything was so bland and extremely underwhelming . i ca n't believe how tasteless it was . 4.50 for the driest , flavorless pizza and the sandwich was 5.00 . it has been awhile since i 've been this disappointed in food out . only thing redeeming is the customer sevice . this place is too all over the place in food choice , it needs to stick to a few things and make them outstanding .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really disappointed . i will say it was sunday morning and people are slow to rise in vegas , but the shelves were n't stocked and nothing was ready in the cases at 10am ... just coffee . perhaps on busy days , they are more prepared for busy mornings . although , i would not return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the hot food bar in convenient . it is pricey for the type of food being served . the staff is nice sometimes , depending on who is helping you . they have sandwiches you can order to be made too . which are pretty good . there is a sitting area to eat inside or outside . there is also a nice stock of groceries you can buy . two stars knocked off for inconsistent service and for being expensive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a gem . if you are staying downtown and looking for a place for lunch definitely check them out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my only problem with `` the market '' is that it is not handicapped accessible . a handicapped person has to wait for someone to come by and open the door . usually this is not an employee , but someone who notices the problem and cares enough to help . if it were not for this the place would get 5 stars from me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the market is amazing i was already in love but now i 'm over the moon in love . went in today for my daily kombucha ( $ 3.69 , ca n't beat the price ) and while there recommended to the manager it would be great if they carried vegas allergy mix ( holistic amazing remedy for seasonal allergies ) she said she would work on it . 30 mins later i get a post on my fb page that she just got off the phone with them and they will have it in a few weeks . holy cow ... thanks for blowing my mind ! happy dance ... happy dance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice addition to this part of town as a local its nice to grab some snacks on way to container park amazing desserts ! ! ! ! ! love the set up ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing and cozy ! dude it 's perfect ! it 's the only market in all downtown and it 's all natural foods ... so blessed im affiliated with this company ! downtown las vegas project rocks ! ask for ellyn , sonia or dylan ... tell them i sent you for treats ! ! ! '", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the california turkey sandwich is delicious ! but the customer service is horrible , and `` elitist '' . you 're definitely on your own when it comes to figuring out how to order where to find drinks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "now that this place is run by the people from bronze cafe ... amazing ! ! ! 5 stars ! whats crazy is i think most businesses suck ! these people seriously are fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were actually pretty relieved to find the market while walking the fremont experience . apparently there used to be a hot bar along with the salad bar , but that 's been done away with . however , you can still order food and drinks that are prepared to order via bronze caf\u00e9 , located in the market . we found ourselves in here at least once a day , the entire time we were in las vegas . there are numerous grocery staples like fresh produce , dairy , wine and beer , vegetarian vegan meats and cheeses , etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we specifically chose to eat here as the market has a fantastic selection of gluten-free options ... did i say fantastic ? i meant fantastic ! david and staff are were incredibly attentive to my wife 's gluten-free , soy-free , nongmo requests . after it was all said and done , david came to our table with the best vegan gluten-free cheesecake that we 've ever had . the really nice guy who is the official `` greeter '' at the door welcomed us in like he truly was welcoming his best friends into the market . keep up the great work everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by the market today just to look around , after looking around i picked up a few things and i even ordered lunch in the caf\u00e9 . i got the grilled cheese , i paid the extra $ 1 and got the onion and tomato . it was so good . the market also had nuts and voss water which i love . the staff was very friendly and helpful . next time ill sit down and have a glass of wine with my lunch . yes ! they sell wine and beer by the glass . enjoy ! ! ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "from bad service to worse service . no selection of food and now the service has inexplicably gotten worse . i was very excited for new ownership , but obviously the be careful of what you wish for concept should have been used . hoping that they are just trying to figure it out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service was great ! ! try their coffee ! ! ! ! food is fresh and healthy ! ! arnold benedict is phenomenal , comes w egg , hollandaise sauce and sweet potato hash brown ! no bread ! ! yay ! ! carb free ! ! this is my go to post workout spot or just hungry and want a salad spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is convenient that there is a grocery store in walking distance of fremont st . i am getting tired of casino food . but , a bunch of the shelves are empty . there is like , no food . what is going on with this place ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "thank goddess for this place ! it ' s new year 's day and every `` traditional '' eatery has insane lines , so we walked . right across the street from the el cortez , near container park is this amazing gem . excellent , fresh food , perfectly prepared , with quite generous portions , for a reasonable price . the employees feel like friends already . i am certainly coming back . uber yum ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent breakfast sandwich . only wish they had toasted the english muffin . but regardless would get it again . yum . and their latte was great as well . tons of options and hoodies to try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place , they have the best bacon sandwich i have ever had and their natural deserts are spectacular , i recommend the strawberry cookie and the banna bread .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great ! we stopped off for a smoothie & a sandwich for our drive home from vegas . both were very fresh & delicious . the sandwich came with a nice salad . very clean kitchen & store . everyone was super nice & i think 4 people made sure someone was helping me . my wife & i visit vegas several times a year & like to stay downtown . we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no . this is not a place to eat . bartenders are friendly and attentive , and there is a pool table and gaming at the counter , but the food left us feeling gross . pizza claims to be ny thin crust style , but despite being slightly browned and crisped in some areas on the bottom , it tasted frozen and microwaved . fresh veggies were put on top of the ac special , but the meats and cheese tasted cheap and processed with little actual flavor . wings were fresh-fried , crispy , and juicy , but it was basically fried chicken . sauces were served on the side for dipping , but cajun and medium again just did n't taste like much . their ranch is made in-house and tasty though . i just would n't come back here to eat again . drink selection is limited ( a few draft options , mostly bottled domestics ) and staff is friendly , but that 's not enough to warrant return visits . step it up !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "johnny fontanes is the best spot in town to watch ny giants football on gameday ! this is one of my usual hangouts when i want to have a chill night and drink till the wee-hours of the morning , but during football season fontanes turns into ny giants mecca for fans here in town . with good food , friendly bartenders ( especially mario , missy and kimmy ) and a bunch of rowdy giants fans cheering on the boys in blue . last night they also had a girl doing spray on tattoos of various giants logos and fox 5 news even dropped in ( can see the clips online ) . my favorite items on the menu : large pizza with meatballs ( a must on gameday ) stromboli wings you can find me here during every giants game and usually on weekends late night from 12am on . other fans are welcome , but make sure you can take some smack talk ! nothing personal : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we dropped in for a little drinky drink and it happened to be karaoke night . the man and woman were trying desperately to get people to do their thing on the mic but we all politely declined . not even my glass of newcastle would convince me to go up and act a fool ... after a while , ife was the only brave soul to belt out a tune , and she did a mighty fine job ! we all chatted it up the rest of the evening until the wee hours of the morning . looking for a place to chill and throw back a few ? stop by and see mario ... totally good people ... aloha ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yelp reviews made this place sound neat . the place has no ventilation . i walked in for 30 seconds and walked right out . i am pretty sure i got cancer !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "where do i start . . . the interior decor is nowhere close to a beach house . . . the bartender if you want to call her that . . . looked like a stripper who had a rough night . . . her dress barely covered her backside cheek or her front side . . . and when she came to take our order , she stare us like a deer in the headlights , and had to have us repeat the order three times . drinks came . . . a tap beer with 1 3 foam . . . while head is good . . . not on my beer . . . the vodka and seven . . . 3 4 vodka 1 4 water . . . really . . . are you kidding me . . . the place would have gotten a zero . . . but when we went to pay . . . she said they were on her since we were so nice . not a place that i will be returning to . . .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not my favorite location . the service is n't the friendliest at lunchtime . they 've always been out of something i ask for ... regular stirrers , blonde roast , etc . the sugar and milk station is frequently messy and under stocked . they always seem to be kind of stressed and preoccupied . i 'd like to see more smiles when i 'm paying far too much for coffee .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the size of the establishment and the drive-thru are by mo means a reflection of the mammoth conglomerate that is sb . with gift cards in pocket we made a stop after conducting business in the immediate area . the drive-thru was over run with thirsty addicts spilling into the parking lot ready for their fix . with the drive-thru not even close to being an option , the gf and i located a parking spot not blocked by a sb zealot . walking in , i found the space inside to tight and linear . no comfy chairs here , but that did not seem to matter with for the caffeine sippers sporting lap tops . the coffee ( the most important part ) was as it is all the all the time up to the scientifically tuned standards that is starbucks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place can not make just a normal cup of coffee ... always watered down , blonde and pikes are all the same . just sad that a coffee chain like starbucks can only make fraps and other drinks ... :", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quick drive thru ! plus the staff was very friendly . almost ordered the pumpkin spice but i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great barista dylan made my day with my shaken berry sangria . taste awesome ! thank you so much", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i order the same drinks every time and the inconsistency at this starbucks is unreal . sometimes my drink is okay . sometimes is absolutely horrible . and one time is was amazing . drive thru is slow . customer service almost as inconsistent as the drinks . very annoying . you literally never know what to expect .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "spent a few hours here saturday afternoon bowling and playing video games with my little bro and i 'm going to try to not let the fact that i bowled 5 strikes in my best game ever affect my review of the place . 5 strikes . unbelievable . my little bro was so impressed . i did n't have the heart to tell him i normally suck . good : -service was friendly and helpful - had several folks stop by while we were bowling just to see how we were doing and if we needed anything . also lost some quarters in a video game that was n't working and were refunded quickly and without question . -family friendly environment - several other groups with kids . bad : -limited ball selection . i 'm not an expert , but i 'm pretty sure my fingers are regular guy size fingers , and it took me a good ten minutes to track down a ball with large enough holes . -a little pricy for bowling , i thought - shoes for two and a couple games ran us close to 30 bucks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here today for some bowling . for 2 hours all you can bowl including shoes it is $ 9.50 a person . this also gets you a small popcorn . i like it , it is a nice alley , kept clean , and we were helped as soon as we got there . there is a small little snack bar that yeah is a bit pricey , but it is a bowling alley . $ 3 and change for a soda with unlimited refills . definitely worth going to if you 're in the area and want to bowl .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't like bowling . this is probably because i associate it with lots of cig smoke and pitchers of bud light , circa michigan 1992 . or maybe because i associate it with drunk guys pseudo bowling to enjoy the cheap pbr , circa college 2001 . or maybe because i 'm no good . anywho . my `` team '' at work wanted to do a `` team '' activity so someone decided on bowling . i 'm a `` team '' player , so off i went . this stetchy location was dead on a tuesday ... .fine by me . the staff was helpful and friendly , it was clean , there were a ton of lanes , and no smoke . will i be back ? noooooo . but for what it is , it 's a-ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great family fun . only wish that the music played all the time in the background . 2 $ tuesday is the way to go ! also great that the employees are n't breathing down your neck .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down , this is my favorite bowling alley in phoenix . talk about character , this spaceship-looking place is down with the 50s googie architecture with the pointy eaves jutting diagonally into the sky . i 've been here many a sunday nights for the cheap bowling , and have always had a blast . the plastic seating booths here are the best part - curvy with enough seats for everyone . the bar is pretty big here too , with pool tables if you 're bored of bowling . i 've never eaten here , just drank - so not sure on the food . but the pizza sounds good ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great pricing and location . right off sr-51 & i-17 on the corner of bethany home rd . & 19th ave . i 've been bowling here for about 5 years now on the monday night league team . i love everyone that works there , especially john , he 's always very friendly and will help you figure everything out if you ever have any questions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is our 1 year anniversary and i asked the front desk to do a `` shout out '' for my hubby ... not only did john do that but mimi jumped in and asked what song we like and the asked where we were headed for dinner ... she then suggested the marriott at the top for dinner ... then even went as far as printing out the info for it and directions for us while we bowled ... : ) wow ! ! that kind of attention to detail is so overlooked and not evened looked at twice ... well haha even once.. these days ... but they were really great and wanted to make our day even that much more special ! ! thank you guys ! ! really appreciate the extra effort and care ! ! great great start to our 1 year anniversary ! ' ~j & t~", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the outdoor architecture of this place is oh so retro cool . we 've bowled here lots of times and it 's always a great time . now , we all know how great bowling alley drinks are , right ? they have a really big bar . big . and it 's separated off enough from the rest of the place that it 's almost its own thing . pool tables and tv 's can make this it 's own hang out . got ta tell ya - we just got a new surprise . their pizza is made from scratch . and it is so good . impressed our whole crowd . thick and soft and airy crust , good sauce , great toppings . we 're already talking about going again - just for the pizza . and the wings were also surprisingly good . let me tell ya - great pizza and wings in combo with strong bowling alley drinks is an awesome combo . you may not be able to bowl after that , but it 's totally worth the sacrifice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great location , great lanes . service is good ( although the bartender is super strict about ids- and i am obviously over 30- but i 'm not mad , she 's just doing her job ) . the reason this place gets three stars instead of 4 ? the beer is ridiculously expensive . $ 20 for a bucket 5 and that was with a discount ? we also were on two leagues last year ( short summer and fall winter spring ) and i felt like it was way too expensive and the payout percentages were not handled well at the end . for that reason alone , i would n't do another league there , although it was really fun ( and my fiance scored his first 300 ... actually he got two 300s in a series , so he racked up his 300 and 800 rings which was super cool . ) otherwise , it 's a great neighborhood bowling center .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "work hosted a bowling party here . it was really great ! this alley is huge -- like really really big ! the snackbar is like a diner and the bar is massive and has off-track betting . the lanes are really nice too ! so clean and in good shape . the staff was friendly and we ordered pizza for the gang . decent pizza , not anything out of this world but decent for sure . there is also a good size video arcade area too -- christown lanes is a cool bowling location !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had our office party on friday . the place has been remodel . it looks a lot cleaner . the lanes were.dry . the appetizers were good and staff was friendly . the place was quiet . we had a good time there", "score": "3"}
{"review": "newly remodeled , and looks modern , with comfy couch seating , no more metal chairs . the summer passes are a good deal for kids and adults . grouchy lady manager still there and was criticizing her employee who was helping us . who does that ? when leaving how about a thanks for coming in . bowling is not cheap . just sayin ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been here several times and it 's always a blast ! good drink service and the bathrooms are clean : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were quoted 3.49 a game till 6.00 then 2.22 . we were told this twice over the phone and again when we checked in . after several discussions theyfinally honored the price . the place has been remodeled and is really nice inside . along with the music . it is a good place to get out of the heat", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in the middle of the week and was surprised to see it was packed ! the place is very clean and they have wait staff that walk around to take orders for food and drink instead of having you walk to the other side of the place to get food . food came out hot and good portions . had a great time with a party of 4 and will be returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are amazing the manager at the bar is great she took a very stressful situation and handled it perfectly . i bring my staff on a monthly outing and hey always want to come to this location to have a great time . danny at the front desk does a great job at helping my staff and i . i highly recommend this place as a manager they deliver spectacular service on a busy day or a slow day . keep up the great work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went bowling late last night . this place was open til midnight so we paid 18.61 for 2 person 2 hours of bowling . the music was loud 90 's mostly . we got to play 6 games . i paid 3.35 for a medium soda not knowing there are free refills so i should have bought a small instead . there was a cute ginger playing alone a couple lanes away but my sister said he was too young for me i was checking him out any way . overall 3 star fun . the ac was not on so it was more than a little warm in the place . they have ceiling fans that were on but they were not enough . it felt like i was in a bikram yoga class so it was extra sweaty bowling . oh well . good times .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tonight is the last night of league bowling . i have bowled at christown for 3 years . amf has put tons of money into converting the house into `` bowlero '' which in gibberish apparently means `` junky , frequently broken down lanes and little or no air conditioning . '' the food is good but place is chronically understaffed . i hope our league moves to a different house next year .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was fun . i went at night so it was like cosmic bowling . everything dim & glow in the dark . the prices were a little much so i suggest you eat & drink before hand . the price for our family game was almost $ 100 . that included unlimited game ( about 3 ) from 9-close , & shoes . really fun place but not something i 'd do all the time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food and drink specials compared to other bowling areas . everything else is kind of crappy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my trusty entertainment book got me a buy 1 get 1 free game that i used on a saturday afternoon to beat the heat . nice . the staff was friendly , place was n't full on a saturday afternoon , the stench will have you knowing your in a bowling alley in no time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a great time at cosmic bowling on friday night , say one little thing : when a group of patrons is far beyond the threshold of legal and or socially acceptable intoxication , at anytime please feel free to exercise the purpose of the phx pd officer standing at your counter to ensure your other patrons are not physically assaulted with glasses of liquor . thank you and god bless america ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is our local italian and i feel it is the best italian in edinburgh . pasta is relatively inexpensive and that 's just the way it should be ( i hate expensive pasta haunts they make me feel like i 've been taken for a ride ) . i also feel italians like to drown their pasta in sauce and fortunately la fontana keeps the sauce pasta ratio right . the staff are great and care for their customers . if you are in cannonmills and have \u00a310 then go for three course with wine at la fontana .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice enough restaurant , waiting staff very polite and attentive . not badly priced for the area either . unfortunately the chef is unable to cook a rare steak ( well done both times ) or a calzone ( top burnt and contents cold ) . the restaurant motto is `` quality and quantity '' the portions were huge , but i 've had a lot nicer for a lot less in a wetherspoons .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrific food in a very good , friendly , relaxed atmosphere . waitering staff very attentive and reasonable prices too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate here a couple of years ago and it was fine for lunch . only really took the photograph to highlight the punctuation on the menu board .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you have to go a wee bit out of the city centre for this italian , but the cab fare is well worth it . la fontana is the place for cognoscenti of italian cuisine , but it 's neither snobbish nor expensive . you can eat your fill , with an excellent wine and aperitif , for a very good price . look out the window to see the water of leith raging past - the salmon tastes as though it 's freshly caught on the spot . the restaurant owner , a friend of mine , is an roman who has lived in edinburgh for over two decades and knows a lot of chefs and other restaurant owners . the knowledge shows , and alfredo is an excellent host .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the menu here refers to quantity and quality and it is not wrong - the food was tasty and we were given huge portions . they have a very wide-range of dishes on the menu - i really struggled to pick what i wanted ! i had an aubergine starter and fish for the main course , which came with plenty of chips and broccoli . the prices were very reasonable . this is a good place to go if you are hungry and want good solid italian food , with lots of choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stella 's is one of those places where you think it could be awesome because it seems family owned , quaint , and according to restaurant.com you should be getting a good deal . . .wrong . the pizza is average , after having danny boys and frankie 's , this pizza just does n't cut it for me . maybe that 's why i was able to get a $ 25 gift certificate on restaurant.com for for only $ 3 . needless to say , stella , you did not win my fine italian heart over .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you like your iced tea with a hint of italian dressing this is the place for you . also , my server was polite but the cook kept walking through the empty dining room . one time he gave me a funny look and said `` your food will be ready in a few minutes pal . '' i do n't know if he was just pissed because they were n't busy or what but i did n't get a very friendly vibe . i ordered the cheese ravioli which came with a meatball . the dinner came with either a soup or a salad . i ordered the salad . although , the salad was just boring iceberg lettuce and tomatoes it did taste fresh . the ravioli was n't bad and they baked it so it was kind of like a casserole , which i like , and the meatball was quite tasty . unfortunately , i might not visit again because of the strange tasting iced tea and the rude chef .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm being generous by giving them one star ! the place was empty so we assumed we would get top notch service . our server took a break while serving us and proceeded to smoke a cigarette right outside the window . she came in after we had to go over to the window and ask for some water . she apologized and said it was her `` only break all night '' . seriously ? ? ? there was n't a single person in there . she then proceeded to get our water and box our pizza without washing her hands ! ! so disgusting and so unprofessional . i used to go to this place every friday as a kid . very sad to see what has become of it . we will not be returning !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stay far far away . first impressions of this place and we did n't check yelp before visiting with the low ratings and disappointed reviews . we should have went to the mexican or chinese restaurant in the same plaza .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ended up with food poisoning after eating there last saturday night . i think it was their wisconsin cheese soup . service and food are lackluster and atmosphere is poor . i will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to stellas a few times and went in thinking it was an italian place that served drinks . in actuality , it 's a beer joint that serves bar food . the pizza is just average and was too sweet for me . tacos were much better , but nothing to return for . if you are looking for a place to meet friends for drinks , this is a decent place . one complaint is too many people are too close to the door smoking . the smell lingers too much into the restaurant bar .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after several bad experiences there resulting in food poisoning , i 've avoided returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was dead . growing up it was always packed . no one was in there expect us . i still love their calzone , sauce was very good , but the service was slow and we were the only customers . it was kind of a sad environment , i have very fond memories of stella 's growing up ... let down .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is average..pizza 's also average ... slow service though so not a great place for kids and they have the strangest tasting iced tea i 've ever had .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible experience . terrible food , dirty dining room , unkept looking wait staff ( like wearing sweatpants ) . our salads were served after our entrees came . it was a spur of the moment idea to go there so we did n't look them up first . big mistake !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "disappointing . the italian dunkers at high school were better . i went with a couple friends on a tuesday night . we ordered jalapeno poppers with cream cheese , garlic bread with cheese , sausage and pineapple pizza , and veggie pizza . not a lot of flavor , just a lot of cheese . the service was slow .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my boyfriend took me to there after raving about their potato skins . when he went with friends two years ago , stella 's had a plateful of 8 potato skins that overflowed with cheese and bacon . we finally got to the area and decided to go in for lunch . there was only one waitress working the tables and no direction as to when and where to sit . we grabbed a booth that was still dirty as all seemed to be and waited several minutes to order our water and potato skins . we waited and waited ... about 50 mins later , 2.5 potatoes showed up cut horizontally with a minimal amount of cheese and some bacon . they were tasty but served with 1 tablespoon of sour cream and we never saw our waitress again until the check came . it was a waste of time and $ 10 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the pizza is not good at all . salad was not that good either . tried it once with the wife and we wo n't come back . nothing jumped out that warrants us wanting to come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a very modern and quirky building . it features dozens of colorful windows that makes it pop among all the gray . inside , it is really big . its a mall of sorts . lots of shops and some restaurants . there also was a car show going on while we were there . i did n't get to see it because the line was long and car shows are n't really my thing . we did n't explore as much , bit it is worth mention and commenting on what i saw . bathrooms are very cleaned and well stocked . we enjoyed a hot coffee and walked around a bit while we waited for the snow to stop . great place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the palais des congres might be one of my favorite buildings in dt montreal . this facility is used for conventions , conferences , meetings , galas , and exhibitions , and boasts the fact that they have been the site for many international events . you ca n't miss this building , as it has a multi-colored glass facade that is made up of 332 colored glass and 58 transparent glass panels . it 's beautiful during the daytime , as it projects this kaleidoscope type of a look , and even more prettier during the nighttime , as it just shines magnificently with all the colors ! the hubs had to attend a conference here recently , and i 'm so glad i was able to tag along : p overlooks the place jean-paul riopelle on one side . +beautiful multi-colored glass facade : d +site for conventions , conferences , meetings , galas , and exhibitions", "score": "4"}
{"review": "\u00e7a fait 4-5 fois que je vais voir le salon de l'auto yen \u00e0 long \u00e0 march\u00e9 pour si rendre mes ca vaut la peine quelque magasin restaurant comme couche tard sushi shop basha van houtte et plus encore", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's kind of hard to review a convention center but i 'll give it a go . if you have a conference or convention in montreal then there is a good chance it will be here . it is in old montreal and can be accessed directly from place d'armes metro which makes it very convenient to get to . from the outside you can easily identify the building by its giant stained glass facade which i have always liked . inside it is very updated . there are plenty of small rooms in addition to the massive exhibition hall . if you 're here for an all day event the food options wo n't be the best . there are a few fast food places on the metro level but they 're just your average chains . if the weather is nice venture out into old montreal to see what you can find . trust me you will be glad you did .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this building is larger than it looks . it was located by our hotel so were always walking by it or into it . it connects to montreal 's underground city , and there is a metro stop here as well . what really stood out to me was this facilities windows . talk about colorful ! ! it was like looking at a rainbow of colors when you look at the building from the outside . when you are inside the building it is also quite striking . this facility is like a very large convention center . plenty of spots to hold meetings and other events . there are also a few shops here as well . want a donut ? they have tim hortons ! i 'd be more than happy to go to an event here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "since moving to montr\u00e9al , i had been wondering what this place looks like from inside as the colourful exterior is so enchanting and inviting . fortunately , i had the opportunity to visit due to attending the salon de femme and got there super early to check out the building . it is absolutely massive inside , with many of the common chain coffee shops on the ground floor . it was a long walk to get to the escalators as it was on the other end of the entrance i came through . inside the lighting is divine , mainly because of the multi-coloured glass panels which everyone experiences whilst going up the escalators . the exhibition spaces itself are very large and again , a lot of walking involved ! overall , it is one of the prettiest convention centres i have visited and montreal is lucky to have this gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what 's not to love ? bright , open , well-maintained building that hosts cool ( some more cool than others , to be honest ) conferences on all kinds of subjects . trademark stained-glass windows that make the building recognizable when shown briefly in car commercials . cool ! neat trivia about the building . ( it has no basement - it is built atop the ville marie expressway ) and warmth - it 's connected to the underground city in 2 directions . as yelp says , i 'm a fan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "le palais des congr\u00e8s de montr\u00e9al est un tr\u00e8s beau b\u00e2timent o\u00f9 se d\u00e9roule divers expositions , \u00e9v\u00e9nements , ... j'y suis d'ailleurs all\u00e9e pour le salon de l'auto et maintenant pour le festival mondial de la bi\u00e8re ! c'est tr\u00e8s bien organis\u00e9 et indiqu\u00e9 ! le festival se d\u00e9roule dans une tr\u00e8s grande salle avec diff\u00e9rents stands de d\u00e9gustation . il est tr\u00e8s facile d'acc\u00e8s par le m\u00e9tro place d'armes , m\u00eame pas besoin de sortir , il y a un acc\u00e8s direct ! bien pratique en hiver ! au palais , l'art et l'architecture se marient tr\u00e8s bien , notamment avec ses vitres tr\u00e8s color\u00e9es qui cr\u00e9ent une superbe luminosit\u00e9 intense et \u00e9blouissante ! quand on est \u00e0 montr\u00e9al , je trouve que c'est un b\u00e2timent \u00e0 voir rien que pour le plaisir des yeux et pour son originalit\u00e9 ! donc , avis aux touristes , si vous \u00eates au vieux port de montr\u00e9al , aller faire un tour au palais des congr\u00e8s afin d ' y admirer ce b\u00e2timent ! en plus , vous pouvez y manger un ptit bout !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this convention center . this place is very fancy with beautiful art galleries , luxurious spa 's , magnificent restaurants , coffee shops and large conference rooms . i have been to the convention center several times for conferences . very spacious conference rooms , excellent wifi connectivity as well as there is free unlimited complementary wifi . unlimited free wifi , beautiful art galleries , amazing convention shows , scrumptious food stores , convenient stores . what else do you need ? i would just stay here for my life ! lol . one of the exits goes to the china town , one to the south and to the north of the city . it 's a magnificent location . the architecture is pretty beautiful and it is a fascinating place . this is an ideal convention center for any conference . i have been to the latest neural information processing systems 2015 which was attended by 3800 attendees and the pycon 2015 in april attended by 3000 attendees . love it ! love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh airy airplane hangar-like palace of conventions , you are like a post-modern post-card about convergence in 3 dimensional space . you are bigger on the inside than on the outside i swear , and your glassy shops and tendrils of escalators and tucked away stretches of food-court-like restaurants with windows and big booths defy my ( admittedly already-poor ) sense of spatial orientation . but really it 's the forest of giant pink trees that makes me love you , you whimsical beast of a convention centre you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "toujours propre s\u00e9curitaire avec de belles vitrines et de belles boutiques ! merci de pouvoir vivre mon quotidien en passant par chez vous tous les jours ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've came here a few times , as i used to work close to the old port . i love attending the many conventions that they have . i just went to the car show not too long ago and i enjoyed my experience . the staff is nice and if you need assistance , there 's usually someone there to help guide you . this place is nicely built and if you 're hungry , there 's many restaurants available or you can visit the small shops as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i attended a conference here in 2006 , and it was a great convention center . it was spacious , the rooms were comfortable , and facilities were spotless . another plus is drinking water was provided throughout the conference in the rooms - this seems so minor , but it really is a major plus in heavily air-conditioned ( dry ) conference centers . bonus , there is a tim hortons in the place . and a few other spots to eat as well , so you do n't need to leave ( or can find something if you can not leave the premises ) . it is centrally located , so there are a number of hotels that are close by or even connected to the convention center . in addition , the `` old '' section of montreal is within walking distance and there are some great places to eat in that area too . and oh yeah , this convention center was used for some scenes in the movie `` blades of glory '' , which was a really funny movie .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only come here whenever there is a fair event . lots of higher-end boutiques out of my price range or lifestyle . fastfood and sit down restos i 've not tried either . love the annual nutcracker christmas fair !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for the car show recently however i have been previously for work parties . the building is massive but spotless . the people that work there are nice . what else is there to say ? when it 's super cold outside , consider taking a little walk inside to warm up and see what 's going on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "j'aime bien le palais des congr\u00e8s avec ses belles fen\u00eatres de couleurs diff\u00e9rentes ( n'oubliez pas vos lunettes de soleil lorsque vous passez devant les fen\u00eatres jaunes cependant ) . je suis d'accord avec le fait qu'il manque de toilettes pour un \u00e9v\u00e8nement comme le mondial de la bi\u00e8re , quoique l'immeuble n'a pas \u00e9t\u00e9 construit dans le but d'abriter des gens ayant consomm\u00e9s autant de bi\u00e8re . j'y suis all\u00e9e pour un autre type d'\u00e9v\u00e8nement ou du vin nous \u00e9tait servi et le nombre de toilettes \u00e9tait raisonnable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rien de bien passionnant \u00e0 venir visiter ici m\u00eame si cot\u00e9 architecture le b\u00e2timent est sympa et color\u00e9 . a l'int\u00e9rieur il y a une station de m\u00e9tro accessible et quelques boutiques mais encore une fois si vous aviez pr\u00e9vu un d\u00e9tour pour venir ici vous pouvez annuler .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "avec ces vitraux de couleurs , et les grandes salles pour les divers \u00e9v\u00e9nements , c'est un des centres de conf\u00e9rence que je pr\u00e9f\u00e8re . il y a un gros avantage du fait qu'il y a acc\u00e8s direct au m\u00e9tro , surtout avantageux en hiver quand il fait moins 30 . le genre d'\u00e9v\u00e9nements qui y ont lieu sont assez vari\u00e9s . j'y suis m\u00eame all\u00e9e une fois pour le salon de la mari\u00e9e avec ma soeur , qui avait lieu en m\u00eame temps que le salon chasse est p\u00eache . c'\u00e9tait assez comique de voir des couples tout amoureux et des filles un peu `` bridezilla '' \u00e0 c\u00f4t\u00e9 de chasseurs barbus ( avec les chemises camouflage et tout ! ) ma derni\u00e8re visite a \u00e9t\u00e9 pour la grande d\u00e9gustation et j'ai \u00e9t\u00e9 impressionn\u00e9e par le nombre de personnes qui pouvaient y \u00eatre en m\u00eame temps . avec la billetterie et le vestiaire au premier \u00e9tage , \u00e7a facilite les choses mais ils auraient peut-\u00eatre eu besoin d'un peu plus de monde quand la soir\u00e9e a vraiment commenc\u00e9e \u00e0 \u00eatre occup\u00e9e ( vers 19h30-20h ) . \u00e0 quand le prochain \u00e9v\u00e9nement ? le salon des artisants ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "le palais des congr\u00e8s , accessible directement \u00e0 partir de la station de m\u00e9tro place d'armes , est un excellent centre de congr\u00e8s . premi\u00e8rement , les \u00e9crans r\u00e9partis sur toute sa surface expliquent clairement aux participants d'un congr\u00e8s ou d'un \u00e9v\u00e9nement donn\u00e9 o\u00f9 ( et quand ) ils doivent se diriger . \u00e9galement , entre les pr\u00e9sentations ou assembl\u00e9es , on a l'embarras du choix pour se restaurer . on trouve notamment dans le complexe un tim hortons , un subway , un d\u00e9panneur couche tard , et m\u00eame une excellente table , le fourque fourchette , o\u00f9 on propose toutes les bi\u00e8res d'unibroue en f\u00fbt . bref , c'est un endroit pratique et toujours propre , au centre ville de montr\u00e9al , o\u00f9 il fait bon de participer \u00e0 un \u00e9v\u00e9nement .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "un endroit immense pour toutes les grosses conventions et expositions . j'y ai \u00e9t\u00e9 \u00e0 plusieurs reprises que ce soit pour comic con ou le salon national de la femme . le personnel est toujours tr\u00e8s organis\u00e9 pour vous rediriger . il faut savoir que vous avez acc\u00e8s \u00e0 plusieurs restaurants au rez de chauss\u00e9 mais pr\u00e9parez vous \u00e0 attendre . il est plus facile de sortir dehors . il manque cruellement de toilettes et il faut attendre longtemps surtout avec les gens qui mettent leurs costumes ... mais j'ai d\u00e9couvert un secret au 4\u00e8me \u00e9tage , il y a une immense salle fant\u00f4me avec des millions de toilettes . aussi , je vous conseille d'avoir une bonne bouteille d'eau et quelques collations . sans oubliez un cadis ou valises si vous pr\u00e9voyez magasiner ou prendre des \u00e9chantillons . et bien s\u00fbr , pr\u00e9voyez de l'argent comptant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "convention centers can strange beasts full of dragons and wicked men peddling drinks and food for far too much money . the palais des congres is not one of those , but a clean and wonderfully staffed location where i 've twice been for conferences ( and will be returning to for worldcon next year ) the tim horton 's is the biggest plus . i love it and the price is right . the convention center mark-up seems to be much smaller than for places like starbucks when they 're put into ccs . the place is comfortable , and when i lost a bag , i simply asked one of the roamers and they sent folks out to find it and finally they did . after less than 10 minutes . and they brought it to me in a panel i was attending ! good people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came to an event held here ( krugman and rogoff debate ) . venue setup was very good : great use of projectors in a room w many guests - not all of whom could easily see the stage . aside from that : things were ok. food : ok but if never pay for it . service : friendly . cocktail beforehand : will skip in the future . overall : satisfied and willing to come again so long as actual event ( i.e. , content ) is enticing . that 's kind of what you want , right ? the venue enables but does not lead the show .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "easy to spot from outside , which is all i really require . though you could also just follow the hordes of geeks with badges , they 've never led me astray . i imagine the bathrooms are spick and span like the rest of this place , but i 've not yet had cause to verify .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this spot ! very well designed and crafted with love , so much natural light regardless of the size of this building . the people working here were amazing . what a great facility !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no complaints at all . it 's in a very convenient location , and for a large convention center , is easy to navigate . 5 5", "score": "5"}
{"review": "en g\u00e9n\u00e9ral je ne suis pas un grand fan du palais des congr\u00e8s . l'endroit est tr\u00e8s grand mais n'a pas a assez de toilette . depuis plusieurs ann\u00e9es le festival de la bi\u00e8re est l\u00e0 et malgr\u00e9 le fait que ce n'est pas un changement mauvais en soi ( du \u00e0 l'ampleur que le festival prend de plus en plus chaque ann\u00e9e ) le nombre de toilette est ridiculement bas ! dans le pass\u00e9 j'avais \u00e9t\u00e9 \u00e0 de beau salon dans le domaine de la restauration et je trouvais l'ensemble tr\u00e8s bien . c'est pas mauvais mais c'est desfois un peu mal organis\u00e9 . d'avoir un 5 minutes de march\u00e9 pour all\u00e9 sur la terrasse quand il y avait une salle juste \u00e0 cot\u00e9 de la sortie en question pour le festival de la bi\u00e8re de cette ann\u00e9e fait que je me questionne sur la logique des organisateurs . un autre point n\u00e9gatif c'est que l'ann\u00e9e d'avant , la place \u00e9tait grande , mais vieille et semblait avoir besoin de r\u00e9novation . donc d'un c\u00f4t\u00e9 on \u00e9tait moins coin\u00e7\u00e9 , de l'autre , l'endroit \u00e9tait moyen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "magnifique b\u00e2timent ann\u00e9es 80 , dont la merveilleuse fa\u00e7ade multicolore procure de multiples points de vue d'int\u00e9r\u00eat sur la ville . a l'int\u00e9rieur , tr\u00e8s judicieuse utilisation du b\u00e9ton , et les espaces int\u00e9rieurs sont tr\u00e8s travaill\u00e9s . les boutiques alimentaires qui m\u00e8nent \u00e0 la station de m\u00e9tro sont tr\u00e8s pratiques . pour l'aspect plus pratique des salons , n'ayant pas test\u00e9 , je serai bien en peine de donner un avis motiv\u00e9 : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i attended a convention here july 18 - 21 , 2013 . over all the facility was very nice and spacious . clean and well kept . although with 3000 women you can imagine there were always lines at the bathrooms but they were all always in pretty good shape . kudos to the staff on the closing dinner on july 20th . it 's was convention food but it was better than i 've had in the past . the service was top notch . the food and service fore commendable . my only complaint was that after dinner coffee and deserts were severed buffet style out side of the dinner area . with 3000 people in attendance serving anything buffet style is a nightmare ! long lines for coffee and dessert was n't a great way to end the evening .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here to check out the beautiful colored glass facade . it was all decorated with lights for christmas and just looked so beautiful and special . really loved this colorful and beautiful building .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's difficult to look at this colorful piece of architecture and not smile . though the inside seems to lack the cacophony of life in downtown montreal , convenience and art can be found plenty . the place is worth a stroll inside if for nothing else other than to get lost in the music of the dancing colors of the facade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rien de bien passionnant \u00e0 venir visiter ici m\u00eame si cot\u00e9 architecture le b\u00e2timent est sympa et color\u00e9 . a l'int\u00e9rieur il y a une station de m\u00e9tro accessible et quelques boutiques mais encore une fois si vous aviez pr\u00e9vu un d\u00e9tour pour venir ici vous pouvez annuler .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "vraiment une place cool pour les conventions et un design color\u00e9 . j'y suis allez \u00e0 deux reprises , pour le mondial de la bi\u00e8re , j'ai vraiment aim\u00e9 . puis derni\u00e8rement pendant les trois jours de l'otakuthon , en tant qu'exposant , et pas mal charg\u00e9 , le personnel du palais des congr\u00e9s nous a vraiment facilit\u00e9 la vie car nous \u00e9tions charg\u00e9 et tout les ascenseurs \u00e9taient bloqu\u00e9s . apr\u00e9s une petite attente un responsable est venu puis nous a fait d\u00e9bloquer un ascenseur pour monter le stock .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "batiment de toutes les couleurs qui detonne avec le style de la vieille ville .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i always walked by palais des congres de montreal all the time whenever i visit montreal , as it is located at the metro stop where i get to china town . and finally i got to really experience the facilities during montreal beer fest and i was impressed . the interior space is bright , spacious and full of vibrant colour and energy ! just sitting inside the space and looking out through the stained glass window was a relaxing experience ! the staff here was polite and friendly . greeting all the visitors with a smile and giving us directions . looking forward to come here again for future events !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what can you say about a conference centre ? it has good food facilities , though like all conference centres they are overpriced and slow . the rooms are rather spread out and the whole place sprawls but this leads to more usable function space . the whole place is wheelchair friendly and there are plenty of facilities . the milti-coloured front is difficult in the morning when hung over .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place needs a lot more recognition and business ! ! ! i have been here several times for eyebrow threading , and at $ 7 a pop , the price is unbeatable . i have had my brows done by several of the ladies , and every time they look spectacular , and let me tell you , i am very picky about my brows . i used to go to a much , much more expensive place in the city and this place is just as good for 1 5 the price . yeah , the ambiance is n't as nice , but frankly , who cares ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to shaaz for a few months now and am regularly asked where i get my eyebrows done . i have often thought of sending people somewhere else so that i can keep it my little secret but that just would n't be right , now would it ? trust me , if you walk by and this place is empty - go in ! this is your chance to get in behind the wave of ten people that are about to walk in the door and happily wait for their turn ... edited : i should mention that i went into shaaz the first time with unruly unkempt brows . it must have taken 30-45 minutes to shape them they were so bushy . i half expected to pay $ 20 for the original shaping but they only charged me their regular $ 7 fee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . i am surprised that this place has n't been reviewed yet on yelp . if you are looking for getting the best eye brow shaping this is the place for you . i am not sure about the other services but this place is a secret gem for eye brow threading . i am horribly allergic to wax and therefore can not get my brows waxed anywhere . other places around toronto charge an arm and a leg for threading and i have had trouble finding a place downtown that does this even . the ladies at this place are all professional threaders and will do your brows in a jiffy and very well . they will also thread the rest of your face if you require . it will not cost you more than 15 dollars all included to get all your hair removal needs met . be prepared to see not the best looking salon environment and they ladies will not chat with you about useless drivel but they will do their job perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place does amazing eyebrow threading ! i 've been to many of the upscale `` brow bars '' in the city and shaaz did a better job at a fraction of the price . ask for joy , she is very sweet and an expert threader ( 30 years in the business ) . i will be making this my regular brow maintenance spot : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wandered in on a saturday after reading the rave reviews on here . i was told to wait 'a little while ' for an eyebrow threading . long story short , it turned out they were short-staffed because someone was on vacation and someone was sick , but i ca n't believe that i ended up waiting an hour and a half . i had errands to run and really could have used the time to get stuff done and then come back . that said , i 'm glad i waited . my eyebrows are perfect and she consulted me along the way about how i wanted them , which bald spots she was going to leave so they could grow in , and what i was doing wrong with my tweezers ( everything ) . for 7 bucks , i 'll definitely be back . but maybe not on a weekend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can not begin to thank shaaz for their wonderful job in fixing my eyebrows ! for the longest time , i was dreading the wax scene and my god after getting my first threading here ... i promise myself , i will never wax again . threading all the way ! i have two eyebrows that are not only shaped differently , but one is raised higher than the other . how can i ever thank you enough jobaida . your accuracy , and carefulness along with your patience was just what i was looking for . she was kind and understanding and explained what process and steps to take to continue onto the path of perfect eyebrows . if you guys have not tried this place , you must ! you can not beat 7 dollars and 15 for a cut ? ! i got my hair cut and styled and i left feeling like a babe . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to shaaz ever since i moved to toronto few months ago . i saw the reviews on yelp and decided to check it out . there are three ladies there that do eye brows . from the outside it doesnt look like a great salon would look but they do a great job with my eye brows and they have become friendly with me now that i have been going there for a while . no appointment needed which is nice ; i always get compliments on how my eye brows look . like i said its not the cleanest salon but for $ 7 you ca n't go wrong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was back there again - ask for rinku , she only works on saturdays ! i did n't think i could get a better job done from the first time , but this lady 's got skills !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had a great haircut there for $ 15 ! ! ca n't beat it , and the hairdresser joy really seemed to care about getting just how i wanted it . i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "from the get go , this place was not cutting it for us . we did n't really get ackwnoledged when entering . hairdresser drenched my daugther 's back and ears when she shampooed her . she was really rough and dismissive . she did n't speak with my daughter - only to the other client and hairdresser . she charged us $ 15 for a 1 2 inch trim , shampoo and a damp back and head still full of knots . we left knowing we 'd never set foot there again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "saving one life is hands down the best cat rescue in arizona ! probably the world : ) they are so kind , compassionate , and dedicated . they help all of the cats they can , whether it is a litter of kittens picked up by animal control or a senior cat dumped at the pound by its owner . the cats in their care are so well taken care of so when you adopt one you can be sure they are going to be great ! i have never met a more caring group of people and i thank them for all they do for cats kittens in our state . if you are looking to adopt i highly suggest reaching out to saving one life . they will pair you with the best possible match for you and find you your new furever family member .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saving one life is the most generous and caring rescue i have ever had the pleasure to be involved with . every cat or kitten they save is placed into a loving foster home where their health is assessed and their fears are eased . they spare no expense to save each and every one who comes into their rescue , they never give up ! when the cats are healthy , properly socialized , microchipped , vaccinated and spayed and neutered they then go into one of three petsmarts in tempe and chandler for better visability . there other volunteers tend to their daily care and well being . if they do not get adopted within a short time , they are taken out of the center and returned to a foster so they do n't become depressed . this is a 100 % non profit , all members are volunteered there is no paid staff , every single person is dedication to the animals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have nothing but great things to say about this organization . all the volunteers are warm , kind and compassionate . they care so much about every single kittie . all kitties are fostered at a loving home before they are put up for adoption so they can truly see their personalities and make sure the are healthy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am currently sitting at steak and shake at 10:16 on a saturday night . there is a sign on the door saying they will be closing early due to a shortage of staff . i , along with some friends , waited for 5 minutes to be seated . half the restaurant was vacant , yet they still had trouble seating me . after waiting to be seated , we waited upwards of 15 minutes for our first encounter with our waiter , and the encounter was distasteful to say the least . to start , i had to flag him down from across the establishment multiple times . he was impolite during our encounter , and he failed to execute the duties of an amateur waiter . although i realize i am in a fast food establishment on a bad night , i at least would expect a polite and sorrowful waiter with the irrational wait for a supposedly fast food restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not sure why this place has mostly bad reviews . came here with the family and the service was very efficient . our server took good care of us and we tipped well as a result . the food ... it 's fast food . if i had to find something to complain about , it 's the fact that i ordered a bacon cheeseburger and it came with , literally , a sliver of bacon about 2 inches long and 1 2 inch wide . otherwise , it was not an out of ordinary experience . would go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worst . service is awful and food is the same . it felt like we were bothering the 10+ employees who were standing around eating and talking ignoring customers . we have a 5 year old who got an adult menu . we asked for a kids menu and he is used to the the car kit and crayons . none of this was provided . we did n't get napkins or silverware and the food order was wrong . if i could give less than zero stars , i would . shut it down .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice promotion with 1 2 price milk shakes . no purchased needed . very good , but not thick as we remember .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service is incredibly slow . the staff is pretty apathetic about the whole thing . went to the drive through on a sunday at 6:00 . they were not at all busy . they took 25 minutes to make our milk shakes . that was after we went in and asked if they were going to make them . they said they had to clean the equipment if we wanted milkshakes . i would n't think a place called `` steak and shake '' would be so thrown by a request for shakes . we will never go again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went on a busy saturday night with 3 kids . they were obviously under staffed , but the workers kept their cool and did their best . the wait was long but the servers made sure the orders were correct brought to the table as soon as possible . our server samantha was the hostess , server , bus and cashier all with a smile . an hour for fast food that was served hot from from friendly servers . overall , not bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well i will be honest ... the only thing i have ever gone for is the happy hour milkshakes.. which are honestly delicious for the price . i love the peanut butter banana . and you ca n't beat 1.75 $ i have always received good service and the restaurant is clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "our server was great which made this a better visit . the service is quick , so that too makes this a plus . the restuarant itself was not that clean , but it was acceptable . the main issue for the 3 stars was the food . the burger meat is fine , but the bread on the patty melt literally disintegrated in the middle due to a sloth of butter that was not evenly spread . the edges with no butter were dry and hard . in other words , i ate a burger using my hands to hold the meat and threw crust to the side . the fries were fine and they still make one of the best shakes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible service , not very clean , and staff is unfriendly . food is okay , milkshakes are great , but i would n't recommend going here on a night out if you 're looking for quality food and service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "walk in and barely anybody was in there and all the waiters were standing around talking telling each other to eat different stuff . most of the tables are covered in dirty dishes and the waiter had to clean and wipe down a chair for my girlfriend and i to sit . we never got forks , spoons , etc . we ordered milkshakes and got them in to go cups as the waiter said they did n't have clean cups . we got our food extremely fast which we enjoyed but my burger was dry and burnt along with barely any ketchup . be a long time before i come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used the drive thru . took over 25 minutes from the time i ordered until the food was ready . .. i think they had to butcher the cow . .. oh well . . food wad still great", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you are in the mood for some yummy burgers and fries and definitely some kick butt milkshakes , this is the place for you . we came here on a late night food run and we 're beyond happy as we drive home full of fries and burgers . and- they have the best onion rigs around . suggest the spicy chicken sandwich or any burger if you are here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good product at a fair price , but this `` to go '' of fries ( see photo ) was seriously lacking - at least half empty , and no , i had n't eaten any ! really dirty kitchen ( floors and stainless steel ) and restrooms not great ( garbage overflowing ) , dining room ok except for floor that had n't been mopped in a long time . same problem getting seated as others have had . good l'il burger w portobellos but i would not return to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "run run run fast as you can . place is filthy dirty i do n't know how they pass health inspection . what a dump.no staff but still ca n't get pass the filthiest place i been to smells like crap in there to . trust me i love steak m shake but do n't go to this one ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have had better service in a food truck in southern chicago . if you ordered a water in the most remote region of the sahara desert it would come faster than it did here . the level of apathy within the workers would make a depressed nihilist scream at the top of their lungs from how meaningless these workers seem their job to be . frisco melt was pretty decent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was very disappointed with the service , it took over 30 minutes to get our food and when the food came , they had messed up one of our orders . however , one of the chains representatives had been visiting for her first time that day and explained to us that she will be making drastic changes in the next few months regrading the service . she also graciously payed for our meals . overall , the food was okay and the service was poor . good thing we got it for free !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i walked in and immediately i was met with the smell of shit ! ! the floor was extremely greasy and dirty . the bathroom smelled horrendous with paper towels strewn all over the floor . all the other reviews are accurate about this place even though i did n't believe them when i first saw them before coming ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband , daughter and i attempted to eat lunch here today ... after waiting 15 minutes we still had n't been seated or told someone would seat us soon or anything , we left . we rarely go here for just that reason ... we actually refer to it as steak and wait !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "waitress lisa was awesome . very attentative and patient . very quick with getting our order out and did n't sigh after we added a few more items like most waitresses do . very awesome experience with waitress.lisa that i 've had ever with a sit down restaurant . keep up the good work and ask for her for.awesome.service ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst steak 'n shake i 've been to , the fries were old and stale , the burger patties looked like cardboard and the nutella shake had too much icy chunks in it . definitely wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "slow slow service . 19 minutes since we ordered and we 're still waiting on food yet . people were seated after us have their food", "score": "1"}
{"review": "steak and shake used to be such a great place to go for really good burgers at a decent price . but , today was my last trip there . i went through the drive-thru and ordered the cheesy cheddar burger , no exceptions . i wish i knew how to post a picture but i am a non-technical person because i would love to show everyone the pancake of a burger i received . there were not vegetables on my burger although i never said i did n't want them , the bun was completely smashed flat . there was some cheese between my two smashed flat burgers but the picture on the menu and what i received were not even close . what a disappointment . so much competition out there and steak and shake will never survive if they ca n't keep up the quality . it 's a shame .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i think this was my best tasting burger from here , ever ! i went through the drive-thru and my order was promptly taken , the employee was very upbeat and polite . the wait was n't very long at all ( about 4mins . ) , a lot faster than what i 'm used to eating from this chain . my order # 14 ( double steak burger & fries ) $ 3.99 was piping hot , usually the patties are a little bland but they were seasoned and my sandwich was made correctly ( with no onions ) . i was given ketchup , salt and pepper , and napkins without even having to ask ! i was pleasantly pleased with my experience today .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't want to even give them one star but i had to pick something or i was n't able to post . the website says open till 1am and i 'm here at 11:50 pm and the staff was walking out and told me it was closed ? either update your website or get a new staff ! very unprofessional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came to this location a couple of times during their opening and it 's fine for a quick meal . it 's consistent with other locations in columbus i 've been to in prices and quality of food . burgers have the thinnest meat ever but not bad tasting . in fact , the thinness adds to the crispiness but it 's not much value . fries are tiny and skinny and small portioned . the vegetable slices are skimpy . i always add their pepper sauce and inevitably eat one of those peppers as that 's the most flavorful thing . prices are similar to 5 guys but there are plenty of coupons you can use from the paper . the shakes are great and get no complaints from me . i always end up sharing b c i ca n't down that sugary monster by myself . i 've never had an issue with service . i like the sit-down format of a '50s diner . this location is convenient , there 's ample parking and target , walmart , etc . are nearby .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in for late night milkshakes and was greeted by tyler who was so pleasant , funny and outgoing . he definitely is a great personality to have greet your customers ! not to mention my oreo milkshake was delish - definitely skipping dq for steak and shake from now on ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't come in here expecting hot food . the service is so slow it was barely warm . we had to ask for our shakes 3 times before they were brought out even when the server said they were ready . for a saturday afternoon they we 're not that busy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had a wonderful day today at the course in duddingston . my dad and i decided to play at the last minute and did n't have clubs ! no worries they provided a nice set of taylor made clubs . beautiful views from many of the holes . course is challenging on a few holes ( several long par 4 's ) , but very forgiving and nice fairways to target . also very reasonably priced . would play here again without a doubt . my dad was very pleased with the course , one of the best in edinburgh he said . highly recommend for those who want a nice course , great hospitality and a lot of beautiful holes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a voucher deal and called ahead to made a booking . they were able to accomodate us timely . the golf club appears to be a typical old mens club where you meet up with your friends for a round of golf , banter and the occasional escape of nagging other halves ( no prejudice ) . sadly they have no driving range . the membership is about 1000\u00a3 a year . the deal offered a starter , main and dessert and i must honestly say , well worth the money . my starter was a duck salad , tender and tasty . the main comprised of 3 slices of sunday roast , ham , pork and turkey with plenty of veggies . even the apple crumble dessert i liked . the service was nice and friendly . they forgot to bring the coffee , but were very apologetic . what was a minus for me : the unclean tables and cutlery . shame that only some tables had table clothes . somehow it felt like eating in a pub and not a restaurant . overall , i would go back for the food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice inland course , not hilly but a definate test for all levels . clubhouse is modern and large with good food and choice of drinks , pro shop very well stocked . not expensive to play either with very good deals on society gold days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "superb parkland course with the ball chomping braid burn running through it . tucked in just behind arthur 's seat the course has several outstanding holes . i love the 13th hole with its temple folly . the 19th provides a great selection of drinks and tasty food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "caf\u00e9 inmitten der k\u00f6nigsbau passagen im 3 . stock . hier bekommt man ab 10uhr fr\u00fchst\u00fcck zu einem guten preis . wir waren zu dritt da und haben 20\u20ac gezahlt . der kaffee wird mit italienischen maschinen gemacht , und das schmeckt man auch . cappuccino wie in bella italia ! die auswahl an kuchen , torten und eis l\u00e4sst ebenfalls keine w\u00fcnsche offen . selbst das tiramisu kann man empfehlen . die bedingungen sind freundlich und schnell und das ambiente sehr gem\u00fctlich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "besonders zum eisessen ist man hier gut aufgehoben . es gibt eine sehr gro\u00dfe auswahl ! habe hier zum ersten mal ( und habe auch nirgendwo gesehen ) warmes eis probiert . schmeckt voll lecker ! auch vom tee habe ich hier eine lieblingssorte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "teil der k\u00f6nigsbaupassagen . ungem\u00fctliches ambiente . sehr laut und verhallt . kein schimmer einer angenehmen cafehausatmosph\u00e4re . das lokal ist sehr eng bestuhlt . auch sehr schlanke personen haben mit dem durchschl\u00e4ngeln probleme . auf massenabfertigung konzipiert . der besuch ist das geld nicht wert , das man dort ausgibt . kaffee , kuchen und eis sind qualit\u00e4tsm\u00e4ssig unteres niveau ( z.t . tiefk\u00fchlware ) . die ungelernten bedienungen schnippisch , arrogant und unkompetent . einmal und nie wieder .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best doodle breeder , hands down . we traveled from colorado to nevada for a 4e goldendoodle in 2013 , after much research . we are adding a second 4e doodle to our family in dec 2014 . we could not be more pleased with everything that 4e does to insure the best , most well rounded , intelligent , healthy pups . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't think of enough positive words for 4e kennels ! jeanette and her family are such amazing people and raise each and every one of their pups with love ! we `` stumbled '' upon 4e kennels and we did n't just gain a pup but a whole doodle family ! if you are looking for a furry addition to your family this should be the only place you look . you will not only gain a pup but a whole family of friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what do you say to someone who helps you add the perfect pet to your family ? how do you properly thank someone who develops a breeding program that trains puppies to be a perfect fit for you ? my answer is you write them a raving review so everyone else knows there is no better breeder around than 4e kennels ! every step of the process has been such a great experience . our beautiful dog stops traffic wherever we go . i think of him as a `` walking billboard '' . his sweet disposition is unlike any other puppy i have ever had . we have a f1b labradoodle from 4e and his parents are addison and riley . his coat is non-shedding and according to what people say when they meet him , he looks like a stuffed animal ! thank you so much for the smiles and endless kisses and love finn brings us every day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have purchased two puppies and will be purchasing a third . high quality smart dogs intensive care for the dogs , great clean kennel . love that you can follow along once you have selected your mom dog . it 's fun to watch them grow and go through stimulating exercises . love that jeanette is always available to answer questions . she makes sure that she provides you feedback about your selection to ensure the right fit . she puts the dogs through testing to help limit any bad genetic disorders . i highly recommend 4ekennels .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not find the words to describe how grateful we are for jeanette . the love , care , and attention she provides to all of her pups was apparent from the first conversation we had with her . it was evident form the very beginning of the adoption process that jeanette 's heart and soul are deeply invested in all of her puppies . we did extensive research on breeders and found 4e kennels to be far beyond any other breeder we come across . we were especially impressed when we took our puppy to her first vet appointment and the veterinarian told us that in the entire span of her career , she had never been as impressed with any breeder 's paperwork as much as she was with 4e kennels -- the vet told us that due to our pup 's great state of health and exceptional temperament , she could tell right away that our pickles had been loved and well cared for . we are forever thankful to jeannette , who works tirelessly to make sure each of her puppies is socialized and very loved . thank you jeanette !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeanette and her family are so dedicated to these dogs . i happen to be a guardian mom to one of jeanette 's doodles . words can not describe my feelings about being able to do this . harper has given me so much satisfaction not to mention being very smart and lovable . if you are looking for a doodle you do n't have to look anywhere but 4e kennels ! you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love 4e kennels ! we have two goldendoodles from them and could n't be happier . we have another doodle from a different breeder and it was easy to see why jeanette is so great at her job . she provides regular communication to those on a reservation list and will answer any question to help you decide which puppy is right for you . we also have loved staying in touch with the 4e kennel family and watch the puppies from our dogs ' litters grow up . you ca n't go wrong with a puppy from 4e kennels . they will make sure your four legged family member gets a great start ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i spent so much time researching where to get the perfect doodle . jeanette was so kind and helpful as soon as i contacted her . i could not be happier with my dog . he is so amazing and people ask me all the time how he is so calm and i truly believe it was the great start that 4e kennels provided for him . one of my favorite things about getting a 4e doodle is that i truly feel apart of a family . i stay in touch with so many other 4e doodle families and have dog park dates and know if i am in need of advice they are there for me . in short , i can not think of more i would want from a breeder and am so grateful for jeanettes kindness , love , and experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeanette and her team were awesome and would recommend 4e kennels to anyone who has doubt about cost quality . the facility was great and the walk through paperwork went without a hitch . definitely peta 5 stars . never seen a kennel offer snacks and drinks for arriving owners as well as gift bags with food blankets for easier travel with our new pups . also the address that yelp provides is not up to date . 4e has a new location in pahrump . but you 'll have to visit their website for more details http : www.4ekennels.com . thank you 4e kennels . our family just got larger and happier : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeanette and her 4e kennels are the best breaders that we have ever encountered . my wife and i received our irish goldendoodle from her almost 2 years ago and we could n't have been happier . we got a dog that was nurtured and cared for appropriately in the first 8 weeks ( so important ) . he was basically house trained , and took to us so easily . picking up a doodle from jeanette does n't end your experience with her . we have a facebook group for 4e families where we all share experiences and ask for advice on raising our pups . jeanette and i have spent a lot of time on the phone too because she cares about more than just the first 8 weeks of a pup 's life . she always available to give tips and tricks . we will absolutely be getting more dogs from 4e in the future and we always refer people to her to get their doodle ( including the hundreds we run into while we are out and about who always ask where they can get a dog like ours ) . thanks jeanette ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love jeanette and what she does so much i went back for puppy number 2 ! she really does care about these animals and always goes a step above and beyond . so glad to be part of the 4e kennel family", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeanette and her family are amazing ! they love these pups and give them tools they need to be great pets and service animals . i am always getting compliments on my baby and could n't be happier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i researched doodles for months , little did i know i would find the world 's best breeder in my own backyard -- 4e kennels jeanette ! from the moment we started correspondence , picked up our precious callie and through today , the support and care provided has been exceptional . callie is just one example of the quality dog 4e kennels produces . she is crazy smart , loves people and has so much personality . if you are considering a doodle , stop looking and get on a 4e kennel waiting list right now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeanette is the most compassionate , caring breeder i have ever had the pleasure of dealing with . her care not only extends to each and every dog , but their owners as well . she works to ensure all dogs are matched with the right furever home and genuinely cares about the dogs-long after they 've gone home . i highly recommend 4e kennels to anyone who is looking to add to their home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend in the san francisco bay area had the most amazing dog from 4e kennels and we started to learn more . even though vegas is not exactly next door , no other breeder compares to the high health standards and puppy curriculum that 4e uses . we have a 10 month-old female who is super smart , well-adjusted , extremely healthy , and beautiful . wherever we go , people stop us to ask about our dog . thank you , jeanette and family , the love you have for your dogs is amazing and shows throughout your whole program !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "words can not express the absolute admiration i have for jeanette and 4e kennels . my husband and i welcomed a new doodle from 4e kennels into our family in january 2016 . we did a lot of research to find the right breeder and as soon as we met jeanette we knew immediately she was the one . she has such love for her work and all of her dogs . she is incredibly knowledgeable , thoughtful and caring . and , her program to help with the growth and development of the puppies is spectacular . this not only helps each puppy for the rest of their lives but it also ensures when you take home your new puppy that you will be off to an amazing start . our doodle is an absolute joy , he is so smart and has the most wonderful personality . we will always be grateful to jeanette for helping bring him into our lives . if you are looking for a doodle to welcome into your family , look no further . 4e kennels is the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we can not say enough about 4e kennel and jeanette . my husband surprised me with a pup for my birthday-and from the moment that i met jeanette and the entire family at 4e i was beyond impressed . they are so busy caring for the pups and parents but yet jeanette finds time to respond to all emails and calls immediately . love sweet jenna - she knows her job to keep things clean and safe . we love our new puppy , she 's amazing . 4e kennel came recommended to us and we highly recommend to everyone thinking of a goldendoodle- truly no other place comes close . i also love that jeanette to the time to post videos and keep us all up to date until it was time to take our pup home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were referred to jeanette by some friends . we also did our due diligence and researched a lot . we could n't be happier with our choice to go with 4e kennels for our murphy . jeanette was available throughout the process and still is . our puppy is 8 months old now . i still know that i can contact jeanette anytime with questions or anything . she is amazing . she truly loves all these puppies and their moms and dads . my son and daughter in law are now waiting for their puppy . and , hopefully , we will be able to add another puppy to our family before too long . so happy to be part of the 4e kennel family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love jeanette , founder of 4ekennels . she loves what she does and it shows in how she breeds her dogs . she is extremely knowledgeable and makes every potential dog owner feel like family . even after you take your new puppy home she is readily available to help in any way . we are very thankful that we were led to this breeder . she 's the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a new puppy or service dog this is where you should stop looking ! 4e kennels are top notch with nothing to compare . i searched and searched for a breeder who i could trust with health lines and quality . jeanette was amazing and answered all of my questions and more . her involvement with her puppies from day one is beyond what i could have ever expected . you get so much more than just a puppy with 4e , you get a family of doodles and help along the way . such an awesome experience all around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have a wonderful doodle ( josie ) from jeanette and could not be any happier . 4e kennels is an amazing place where these dogs are loved from the minute they are born . there is not a better place to get a goldendoodle ! the fields", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great breeder . jeanette is deff . not your back yard breeder . she takes this job seriously and i wish more breeders were this way . they have a curriculum they follow for the 8 weeks that is top notch . also all her dogs go through an intense health check before breeding them . and i know 1st hand she wo n't breed the dog if they do n't meet all her requirements no matter how cute the puppies will be ( we also have a parti poodle of hers that did n't pass ) we love our doodle pups and will use 4e kennels in the future for future pups . top notch breeder . super clean facility and amazing pups .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rude rude rude ... ... we were not calling them to cancel or anything but just to check on the status of the how long it was going to take for them to come pick up our dog for cremation after being told it woukd take an one hour in half it was 2hours later thst we called back she was probably so annoyed at all her costumers calling that she decided to tell us `` your not the only person to loss a pet on a sunday '' we ask her not to talk to us like that she than respond `` well if you are calling to cancel than cancel already so i can go back and enjoy my sunday ! '' not asking anyone to hold our hand through this lost but at least be professional about it if your going to work in costumer service . please if you love your pet or anything tragic were to happen do not call these ppl they probably abuse the pet there seeing how the treat their customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "zero stars . my friends shared a horrific story about how inconsiderate and cold this company was . they 'd just lost their pet of many years and the company was rude , completely unprofessional , and very insensitive about handling their pet . never use them ! ! ! they are awful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not call this business . their website boasts 24 hour pick up , but when i called desperately needing help for a stray they were very cold and told me to call back the next day at 9am . i do not believe they really care about the welfare of animals .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thank you robert for coming to my home promptly this morning to pick up my deceased dog . i appreciate your kindness . they answered within an hour and was at my house within two hours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a hidden gem . so unassiming , you walk in and are transformed by the warmth and experience . their old equipment is worth just the view , and their coffee 's and teas are exceptional . a must visit . a welcome addition to the area . unexpected for a yonge street location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i now know why there are no photos of the interior of golden mint coffee & tea company . all the photos i saw are taken from a distance ... a far far distance ... . yes i got in trouble when i tried to take my first photo inside , and the barista told me no photographs allowed ! i really want to take a photo of that elektra belle epoque espresso machine ... . it is so pretty and the barista did a great job making my cappuccino . the milk forth is really heavy though ... just like whip cream . golden mint also carries chocolate , sweets , coffee beans and loose leave tea ... ... .. the window seats overlooking yonge street are great for people watching . golden mint is a great choice if you are tired of hanging out at starbucks or second cup up the street . however , there is no wifi so people are all just meeting up , chatting to each other or like me chilling out over a cup of coffee !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! had a few hours to kill today and was stopped by the photos of their food advertised outside the shop . inside is really well furnished , looks impeccably clean ( i 'm a bit of a germaphobe ) . the bathrooms are n't the largest , but they 're clean and got everything you need . i got the veggie wrap and it tasted oh so very fresh and delicious . i also ordered tea and it came in a small clay teapot with one of those asian tea cups . the person i was with got a bacon club and really enjoyed it . i saw that they served `` freshly made truffle chocolates '' that looked tempting as well as other sweets . the service was very friendly and i will definitely be back . they have a tip cup which when i went to leave a tip , noticed it was full . can definitely understand why . i was not expecting such a great experience in this little place ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has a very cosy old school look . very clean and people are friendly . coffees are served in funky cups . food n coffee is good . try to get the cosy seats by the window !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a cup of golden mint tea about 6 months ago and i really enjoyed it . i recently got a loose leaf tea brewing set for christmas so i popped in to pick up some tea . the huge wall of 200+ teas is quite daunting at first but the friendly staff helped me pick out a few teas and even gave me a free sample pack . great environment , great tea , great prices , definitely recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as i walked up yonge i had in my mind that i would stop at the starbuck 's at yonge and college for a tea and some forced reading of academic articles - but i always dread trying to find a chair table in starbuck 's or pretty much any other coffee tea place . then i looked up and saw a pleasant perch in the window of what turned otu to be golden mint . i ventured inside and after pondering my choice , i order a mug of peach roibos - yummy : ) the only challenge here was convincing myself not to order one of the delicious-looking desserts - maybe next time : ) with tax , the tea was $ 2.12 and there was no searching for a chair since the place was n't packed . i will definitely be returning . i like the opportunity for a little variety ( unlike most other coffee places that serve tea ) and the service was friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place feels very royal inside , because of the golden decor and equipment they use . the first thing you see when you enter the cafe is many different chocolate truffles and candies . it 's a quite little place to enjoy a latte . the staff are very friendly and my maple latte tasted amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , and a pretty decent selection of teas . this is as basically as good as it gets in toronto unfortunately in terms of tea . your tea is served in a teapot , regardless of type . after being a regular at camellia sinensis in montreal where tea is matched with the proper serving method , my standard is set to that level . still if you want to have a casual tea in toronto this is your best choice . i had a rose black tea , and a mediocre chicken wrap .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been going to these guys for years ! so polite and friendly . love how they ice any tea you want - yummy ! tiny but so comfy to sit and chill . once you take a seat , you do n't wan na leave .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! my sister had the grilled cheese panini and it was amazing . i actually finished their two huge scoops of sorbet and my friend 's hazelnut latte was quite good . the owner 's were so nice , waiting there even though we took forever to decide . i also really liked the furnishing , it had a very nice old school charm . would definitely recommend stopping by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "paid a visit today and i was very pleased . as mentioned before , this place is a gem in a sea of starbucks and mcdonalds chains near by . the owner 's son was at the cash and very friendly . i ca n't imagine him being mean as some people in other reviews have said . the owner carefully hand crafted my espresso and the beautiful elektra was on full display . i like strong coffee so this was definitely my cup of tea . freshly pressed and smooth to taste . i will definitely be returning to this place the next time i 'm in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place , and make an effort to stop by whenever i 'm in the area . the staff owners are so friendly and honest , and i love the ambiance in the cafe , its one of the perfect places to window watch in the city . if your looking for the perfect idyllic cafe experience , with organic coffee and a huge wall of loose leaf teas to boot , this is your place . my -only- criticism , would be that they should play music that actually matches the atmosphere of the cafe , such as loungy jazz , rather than the radio .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all of their teas are delicious ( well , of the ones i 've tried ) . they have over 100 flavours and you can smell each one in little glass containers they have . also , most of the teas are organic and or fair trade , double bonus . i 've had their breakfast wrap and caramel apples before . all were delicious . only complaint is there is no plug , so after my laptop battery is dead i ca n't stay and drink more of their tea !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just came in to buy loose leaf tea . i helped myself to looking at their wall shelf of teas where each is available in a small glass container to smell . prices range between $ 5-8 per 50g . this is comparable to prices from david 's tea . i wish they displayed the ingredients list for each . when i made my selection , i told the cashier and they measured packaged it up for me . the bag is not resealable like most places that sell loose leaf . i purchased the french vanilla black tea . i could really taste the rich flavor of the black tea . i will definitely come back to try other flavors .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our hotel was right next to this place . thank god because i loved it ! it was our last day in toronto and just wanted something quick . i had the berrylicious iced tea & a sesame bagel w salmon , cream cheese & veggies . it was perfect , the tea , absolutely the best ! my boyfriend ordered some kind of mint iced tea , which was equally as good . they also had a really nice selection of candies , truffles , chocolate covered coffee beans and what really caught my eye were the candied apples which were decorated with different candies , definitely fun for a kid . i really thought the prices were good . if your near by this place , do n't waste your time on the billion star bucks on this street , go here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware ! after i moved out the office sent me to collections with no warning . they did this while waiting for payment by sure deposit ( the mandatory insurance policy you must purchase when you sign your lease ) . basically i am being extorted or i get to have my credit ruined . i can only imagine how many people get stuck paying ( which i might too ) because they do n't know how to fight it . shame on everyone associated with this place . unbelievable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not come to live at 540 west horizon ridge pkwy henderson nv 89012 black mountain villas ! ! ! ! ! ! is dirty , dog poop everywhere , rude people at the office and to expensive for what you get ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "left several messages and everytime i call it just rings straight through to voicemail . i am calling during normal business hours . i have even sent emails and they go unanswered . very unprofessional !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well at first it was decent with 1000 a month no pet deposit no restrictions water included now a yr later a new company comes in 1300 a month now water not included pet fees every month people store there vehicles in the limited parking maintenance is a joke if u can even get ahold of them no emergency service forget that a flood will have to wait at this place if anything is done it 's bandaid ed with older outdated stuff lights are burnt out everywhere my wife does n't feel safe going out at night no security no gate just free for all not allowed to get security gates either cars get keyed here 24-7red zone everywhere with shark tow trucks rolling every night it often to hear diesels flooring it thru the night places right down the street 200 hundred less this is a glorified section 8", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went up there on july 3 to pay rent 5 times and no one in the office . went about 12 , 1:15 , 2:00 , 3:30 , and 5:00 and no one was there . each time i encountered several other residents that were also trying to pay rent and had also been up there numerous times . a note in the door said the would be closed july 4 but did not mention anything about july 3 . the stated office hours were 8-5 . people who live across from office stated someone had been there in the morning but left just before noon . again , unprofessional on their part . bet the are going to try to make everyone pay a late fee now too . let alone that they wasted my entire day . i should charge them back for wasting 5 hours trying to pay the dang rent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was sent to collections by the new management company . they sent me a bill that had some charges that i disputed the validity of . ( move out related costs that were not in my contract -- specifically paying to have the entire apartment repainted -- needed or not , although it was not damaged or dirty beyond light wear and tear ) . rather than communicating with me to come to agreeable terms for the charges in question they sent me to collections . i have no problem paying a bill that is justified . i contacted them twice to seek resolution with no response , then out of the blue my credit is threatened and it 's demanded that i pay a bill that is still invalid due to the fact i have no contract with them ... only the prior company that no longer exists . this company is madrona ridge , who took over black mountain villas . this business is being run tyrannically and i recommend you run before you offer them your business or hard earned money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for the prices offered and to live in henderson- the space and quality is awesome . the staff is always quick to help me with anything i need - especially the manager . shes fast with responding to issues and always does i with a smile on her face . she never makes me feel like i 'm inconveniencing her ! i would recommend living here no doubt . keep up the great work staff ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i 've been living here for 3 yrs , and i love it . at first when we had the other management they really didnt make ppl clean up after there dog 's . but ever since the new management took ovea , it 's more cleaned up , clean pools , betta residents . there up grading the apartment 's . so now we have a lil doggy park , bbq grill , and now we have a gym . i luv it . and most of all the staff which i no by name they treats all there residents like family . if u have any problems they try there best to solve them the same day but if not is gets done the next day ... ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like the staff here at black mountain villas . all the new upgrades and remodels look fantastic ! i always get fast service for maintenance and giovanni and the other maintenance guys are super quick , friendly and helpful with anything else regarding my unit . it 's been a nice transition to the new management company , la madera . i was very pleased that things stayed almost identical to the original rules when i moved in two years prior . my dogs like the new park and neighboring railroad t", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to live in henderson . very clean property and great neighborhood . cortney , the asst manager is very professional and friendly . she is always willing to help me when needed and always , always has a smile on her face . if you are looking for a place to live definitely check this place out , i recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is amazing ! i ordered some lunch to go today : blackened grilled catfish , with grilled veggies , rice and beans . the fish was very fresh and cooked perfectly . the flavor was spot on especially with their seasoning . i loved everything about my meal , from the perfectly grilled vegetables to rice and beans . everything tasted clean , fresh and packed with flavor . i 'm happy to welcome them to the area . it 's super cute looking on the inside and their menu has something for everyone . i will be coming back very soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my second visit on my first i enjoyed the crawfish gumbo it was loaded with mud bugs and vegetables . tonight i ordered the catfish and chicken strip platter . the strips were just strips nothing exciting , the catfish was pretty good i will be back for a plate full next time . fish king is a great simple casual dining stop . support local", "score": "4"}
{"review": "second time here . catfish & trout are superb . fried calamari was another hit . service was on point & very polite ! love the subtle cajun atmosphere ! will definitely be coming back for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i 'm a city boy and not a big fried catfish fan . until now ! ! i just had a killer catfish shrimp basket complete with hush puppies ( not sure what hush puppies are ) but it was awesome", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still a five.. had the crawfish chowder ! it 's soooo good ! ! ! service is still fantastic ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . my husband and i really enjoyed ourselves . great food , warm atmosphere with friendly staff ! did i say great food ? ! i think we have been there 5 days this week ! ! family owned with reasonable prices and great size portions . their hush puppies are the best i 've ever tasted , hands down ! ! ! ! everything we 've tried has been delicious . a new fave .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered grilled catfish with saut\u00e9ed zucchini , beans and rice with scallions . the meal was delicious ! ! my fish was grilled to buttery , flaky perfection ! everything was spiced with such flair my taste buds danced a jig ! they also set a louisiana vibe with blues and musical classics playing in the background . i will return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful experience with all of their fish . super tasty plates , always count on a smile . the owner is very kind and really cares about the quality of his good and employees . i am impressed every time i come in here with how clean and welcoming the restaurant is . it 's not over the top - welcoming , easy and friendly are all words of use to describe this restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was so good ! i would highly recommend you try ! ! had the craw fish poor boy and it was delicious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the grits and jumbo is awesome ! i will be coming back soon to try the fish . the people that sat next to me got fried catfish and it looked divine . i highly recommend this place and i will be coming back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food great people ... 4 stars only because i was comparing them to a place back home and they did n't meet the same level but that 's just me ... they are worth going to though ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the jambalaya and a cup of gumbo while my wife had a fish and shrimp platter . both dishes were awesome being from louisiana i had to make sure they were worth the hype based on previous reviews . it was very good till the point i could n't finish it all . my family will return for round two soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service is very friendly . i ordered the catfish and shrimp basket . shrimp were huge as tasted great . catfish could of been crisper . hush puppies were very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered the 4 shrimp 1 catfish combo with okra instead of fries and husband had the bbq shrimp po boy . both meals were served hot . had really good flavor and was surprisingly not salty at all , which is a bonus for us . would definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had some great catfish tacos . the red beans and rice were great . my wife enjoyed her gumbo . pretty friendly staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a yummy hidden gem within walking distance ... . family run with pride ! and it shows", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is delish and prices are great ! had the fish tacos , very tasty . next time i 'm trying the catfish basket with hush puppies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh , clean , delicious and very accommodating with the menu . i 'm so glad this place is so close to the house . we ca n't wait to come back . i had the grilled red snapper and my husband had the shrimp kabobs . both were delicious . please support this new local business so we can keep coming here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down ... this restaurant is everything ! service is phenomenal , food is delicious and warm atmosphere . wonderful gem in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good spot for lunch or dinner ! not too many cajun restaurants off the strip and was thrilled to find this spot . the service was friendly and my shrimp was seasoned perfectly . i would definitely recommend it if you 're in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "welcome to our neighborhood ! i am so excited about having this restaurant near our home . the hubs and i came to check it out for lunch and it did not disappoint . i saw the pictures of the blackened salmon salad and was craving it . it was super delicious ! the fish was perfect and the salad was simple . i chose the jalape\u00f1o vinegarette and it was so , so good ! the hubs got the fried catfish sandwich with fries and loved every bit of it . he shared his po boys with me and they were so good ! i ca n't wait to try more of their dishes ! ps : the french fries were really good , too , and the restaurant was impeccably clean . yay ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great stop-in seafood spot ! the grilled salmon was huge and cooked perfectly , and the hushpuppies were very yummy . really tasty new orleans style seafood for half the price of other places in town . it 's immaculately clean , and the service is so friendly . the family that runs this place is adorable . their seafood gumbo is killer ! go give them your money ! we 'll be back for the fried okra and some po ' boys next time : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "9:16 , doors locked . did n't even bother to acknowledge guest . doors says 10:00pm closed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "red snapper with veracruz sauce , green beans and coleslaw . absolutely delicious ! snapper was light and cooked to perfection . customer service was great . highly recommend and will definitely be back on my next trip to vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great experience . we ordered the grilled red snapper and fried catfish which were both delicious . it 's very obvious that the fish here is fresh . they use cornmeal for their fried fish and it 's much better tasting and easier to stomach than the usual heavy batter . this place deserves 5 stars but the beer in the frozen mug makes me wish i could give it 6 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "strawberry lemonade is delish ! ! ! we had grilled tilapia fish tacos with beans & rice . wowzah ! packed full of flavor , and juicy flaky fish and a sauce that has a bit of a zippy tang to it . it was a bit messy , but totally worth it since they even gave me a roll of paper towels on the table . i dont like kidney beans , but i ate all mine , because they were really good ! ! ! i highly reccomend giving this place a try , they even have a reward card for frequent visitors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off , i do n't think it 's a good idea that this place opened right down the street from me . second , for a seafood place , it 's not that expensive so i 'll be going broke soon with all the numerous trips i 'll be wanting to do here . third , if you love seafood and do n't try this place out , your tastebuds will hate you forever . i 'm big on seafood and especially poboy sandwiches and this place nailed it . if i could give them 1,000,000 stars i would . it 's that good . they also have a wide variety of selections on the menu and their shrimp poboy with a side of fries and hushpuppies was like crack for my tastebuds . i 'm like in seafood heaven right now and i hope this place never ever closes or moves . i actually hope they open up more locations all over the valley because it should be illegal if they do n't .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the mister and i have been waiting for this place to open and at last the opportunity was right ! we tried the fried shrimp poor boy and yes , as others have mentioned , the hushpuppies are delicious ( they come as a side ... i 'm in trouble ) . we also got the grits and gumbo that certainly was not lacking in flavor , color or chuck . the staff was very pleasant , the restaurant has lots of space , clean and comfortable . so glad it 's finally open . we 'll be back . they do carry out as well but very nice dine in too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best hush puppies , full of flavor . big pieces of fish . cooked wonderfully with lots of options . friendly staff . clean and large dining area . love the decor and the tvs . i 'm totally about supporting local businesses- sick of big box places with crappy service . this place is welcoming , charming and friendly . all the things that will make me come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this fast casual restaurant with a fun beachy atmosphere has good cajun and seafood favorites . menu includes everything you 'd expect in a cajun place , plus mexican shrimp cocktail and hamburgers . bbq shrimp is spicy and delicious . enjoy an adult beverage to cut the spicy . even though you order at the counter , the staff is kind and attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went this past friday night on a recommendation from friends . we liked it so much we went back saturday night . the catfish , gumbos & chowder are great . the hush puppies are the best we 've ever had , i had the lafayette burger saturday night and much to my surprise it was also excellent . and to help wash it down the tap beers in the frozen glasses for under $ 5 are a definite plus . i highly recommend this place and i have a strong feeling there will be lines out the door soon enough .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , we surprised to find this hidden gem in the shopping center near our house . we were there for dinner on a saturday night . the hubby had grilled talapia with beans & rice and fried okra . he was well pleased , said everything was delicious . i asked for a wild caught fish and they suggested the orange roughy . it was cooked perfectly and was very fresh . my sides were seasoned good and were excellent overall , this place is a very good value for the quality of food . restaurant is spotless and has a nice decor . would recommend giving it a try if you 're in the mood for seafood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to eat fresh sea food . i love this place . food is fresh and tasty . family operated business so they go above and beyond to make sure everything is just right . i will come back to this place every time i am in the mood for sea food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so yummy and tasty , service is pleasant and prompt . place is clean and comfortable for dinning in , nice and fun decor . defiantly a regular spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow when i stepped in this restaurant they made me feel at home , then when i got my food it was even better , quick and old fashioned home made . just fresh and delicious seafood , enjoy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very clean ! ! ! food has great taste also ! ! ! ! ! i was driving looking for something to eat after the gym and it was perfect that i drove by ! ! ! ! they cater to the folks that want that fried and grilled vibe ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you can not go wrong with the fish tacos . fried ocra is awesome . very quiet and very southern . they also serve beer , wine , and other drinks . the staff is friendly and professional . very clean !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times choosing different menu selections and it was all good . i love this place . the portion sizes may be a little too big but quite the bang for your buck . you get the whole fish , head and all ( i love that ) . we 're not in louisiana but the gumbo and jambalaya are n't too far off . everything is quite tasty and i ca n't imagine any seafood lover not liking this place . yummy tacos , the sides are delicious and one of the best burgers i 've eaten in las vegas . i only wish they had a fish burger !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friend in town and he we needed a few specific things : proximity to the strip , grilled fish , decent atmosphere but nothing pricy or extravagant . cue yelp and fish king grill . such a good decision . the food is great , the prices are reasonable , the place is more spacious than i expected and definitely clean , but what really sold us is how friendly the staff is -- just truly pleasant and kind as they take your order and give you your food . sounds small but it can be nonexistent in similar establishments . toward the end i thought i had left my sunglasses on the table and the woman busing the tables came outside to double check that i 'd found them ( i had ) . this is not even a sit down restaurant in the sense that you tip a waiter ( you can and should tip your cashiers ) . so again this kind of service was unexpected and appreciated . thanks for taking good care of my friend and me . i 'll be back and bring more friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ate the jambalaya for lunch and barfed my brains out 5 hours later . i still feel pretty sick now even 8 hours later . i 'm not sure if fish king grill was the culprit but i only had a granola bar earlier in the day so i do n't know what else it could be . i really hope it was n't the culprit because i had high hopes for this place and still do . the food is expensive for this type of restaurant and the portion sizes are a little on the small side . but it 's a very nice looking restaurant and the jambalaya tasted really good so i 'm giving 2 stars . it would be great if they would lower the prices 1 or 2 bucks or make the portions 20 % larger . i hope management can examine their food prep and cleanliness to make sure everything is safe .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was unexpected , i found it when searching for some seafood for lunch . the place is still very new and clean , and the staff was very helpful . i ordered the fried catfish platter , it had a little too much breading for my taste , but it was perfectly crispy and delicious . i 'm definitely making this a regular lunch spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff here is so friendly ! the food is absolutely delicious ! my husband would eat here everyday if i would go with him ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": ". strike 2 ! my first experience with fish king grill on windmill lane in las vegas ( 89123 ) did not leave a good impression on me or my taste buds . however , i overlooked it since my friend got me deep fried catfish & chips rather than cod & chips . turns out they do not have cod : - ( i decided to try it again ( 6 22 2017 ) and it was even worse in my friend 's & in my opinion . this time i asked for the ( unavailable ) cod & ended up ordering deep-fried trout & chips , a tasty fish that i grew up on : - ) a couple of bites of fish & fries and i was frustrated and done . the fries were as soggy as any i have ever had . the fish was all batter and very similar to the taste from my 1st unpleasant go round . i rarely post a yelp review but the 2 that i have posted were necessary in my opinion in order to inform potential patrons . mark stensgard , 714.240.2552", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have eaten here several times now trying different menu items and never been disappointed . the food is delicious and well prepared . the service is good and they have a small selection of beer and wine . i love the fried oysters and the catfish . the food is well cooked and the staff and owner are friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you want to eat healthy , this is the right place to be . portions are enough , side dishes are good as well as the meal . i like there lemonade . the service was little slow , they are busy every time we go there . they have a lot of choices for seafood . the seasoning is good too . what i did not like was that my veggies were raw , they were grilled but needs more cooking , it ended up to be bitter and could not eat it anymore . will definitely come back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we just arrived to las vegas and needed to stop at vons . we saw this place from vons and it 's very eye-catching . we were starving and we decided to try . we ordered the gumbo and 6 jumbo shrimp with spicy battered . they were so delicious . amazing ! all of them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was average . my friend was not happy . the shrimp was little hard and not that good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ordered the shrimp ... i was disappointed . the shrimps were not whole , totally butterflied with 3 split pieces . mostly batter , you kind of wanted to say `` where 's the shrimp ! ``", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the restaurant was clean . the people were nice . the food was pretty darn good ! well priced for the portion . i 'd def come back ! ! ! the crawfish chowder is so good . probably some of the best hush puppies i 've had ! worth checking out ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here is amazing , the service is amazing - i liked everyhting except like another reviewer mentioned it was a little more than i was hoping for lunch . the guys that were working there were very kind and welcoming - the restaurant itself was a little different but they did what they could with the decor and the nets and blue paint made the ocean and seafood feeling come alive , the tables and chairs left me wanting a little bit more . the food here is excellent as i already stated and really enjoy the salmon salad . the salads are very fresh with big piecies of tomatos and cucumber along with lots of greens . healthy food , cooked to perfection - you 'll be glad you came here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had been wanting to try this place for a while now and i 'm happy i did ! i had the catfish and shrimp combo wuth green beans and fries , and my boyfriend had the rainbow trout grilled with a salad . their food was delicious ! we will come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wild hog poppers were good but the catfish was awesome . reminded me of bob 's catfish in ada oklahoma . beers on tap served in a huge frosty glass . the coleslaw was the best in town . the staff was friendly and patient . very casual atmosphere with nice jazz music playing in background . all around the food was very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "guys , you need to check this new restaurant out ! i have ordered their grilled bbq shrimp po boys and grilled tilapia fish taco ! very delicious by the way ! last night i decided to ordered their wallow platter which comes with any 2 fillets and a side ! i got double grilled salmon ( garlic butter on top ) with rice and bean . best decision lol ! the flavor is awesome , very juicy and tender ! not sure where they got their salmon from ! easily the salmon i ever had ! ca n't wait to try their bayou basket !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate there 5-times , to-go 3-times ! the best shrimp , fried catfish po ' boy sandwiches ! first time i tried the crawfish chowder - simply delicious ! will return as often as possible ! definitely referring it to friends , relatives & visitors !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for a family lunch yesterday and enjoyed the food . i had the shrimp and catfish combo with a side of gumbo , my wife had a mexican shrimp cocktail , while my kids had fish tacos . we enjoyed everything ; the shrimp catfish basket was crispy and perfectly cooked and cane with a side of red beans and rice , which was fantastic . my wife commented on how big the shrimp in her cocktail were and liked how the `` sauce '' was so tasty . my daughter 's enjoyed the fish tacos after stripping them of all that is greenish and crunchy . they enjoyed the tacos , but commented on the lack of salsa ( only bottled hot sauces we 're available ) . overall a great lunch , and we will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the catfish is real good and the bread pudding is to die for . the place is actually a pleasant surprise that has a lot of thing on the menu i really want to try . give them a try and you will not be disappointed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in to get an oil change in my new truck . my grand am has gone there and been like $ 27 before , so my jaw dropped when they rang me up for over $ 50 ! i know it is a biggish truck , but holy # $ @ ! the only redeeming feature was the `` free '' ( haha , right ) carwash , which had a surprising amount of `` by hand '' work throughout . go to triple t , i 've never felt ripped off there . they have a really nice waiting room , their staff is super friendly , and at about $ 32 for an oil change , they give you half off all carwashing service , so you can get the full wash ( including interior ! ) for only an extra $ 12 or so .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "prices went up a tiny bit because they no longer offer one of the lower level lube deals but i have always had really quick service and its the best car wash i have used in town so far . the one on prospect taco-ed my front license plate with its brushes . there is an ole timer guy that works there . i do n't know why but i like that . not just punk kids working there . the lube shop is pretty thorough too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in the close proximity of this car wash . the last 3 times i have been here i spent 45 $ and have had the clear coat on my ford mustang scratched every time . the scratches are pretty deep and i can not get them out with a simple wax by hand . the laborers doing the stick broom brush smack the edges of the brush against the clear coat . not happy ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is by far the best automatic car wash i have been to in the area ( and i have been to a large majority ) . disclaimer : i only get the cheapest wash because i do n't want any undesirable wax coats on my car . having said that , the results were outstanding . the two ( ! ! ) guys manually spraying down the car spent a good couple of minutes ensuring all the bugs debris were completely washed off . because of this and the fact that someone towel dries your car at the end , my car looks almost as good as if i spent a lot of time hand washing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after the exterior wash , all i needed was for the seats to be vacuumed . i was told to wait for for 30 minutes for the car next to me getting its oil changed before they would bother spending two minutes on vacuuming my car , despite one guy just standing around watching the other car", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went and saw the naughty show and it was an excellent show . comedians were hilarious . i was laughing the entire time . not a dull moment . would definitely recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this show was very funny and kept us entertained . the comedians were quite funny , made us laugh a lot . however , with a name like `` the naughty show '' , it seemed a little misleading . we happened to go as part of a bachelor party , and many of us expected something a little risque . never truly expecting a strip show or anything , this still was a little weird to be named this way . even some online reviews descriptions made the show seem like it was going to involve adult film stars or something like that . the show was great , do n't get me wrong , i have no real complaints . but for $ 65 a ticket , and named the way it is , please make sure you are aware the only true `` naughty '' thing involved in the show is the profanity in jokes . if you go in with the mentality that it 's all about jokes , you will be a happy customer ( as long as you are n't easily offended ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely hilarious ! ! we were laughing so hard the entire time . the comedians were great . lots of racist , sexual , crude humor but soooo funny if you 're not easily offended . would recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't come here that often , the place is a bit older than other markets . the selection is a bit more limited and the service was really terrible the last time i was there , the deli counter closes very early and nobody bothers to tell me while i 'm standing there and the workers chit chat among themselves . i was looking for a cheese item for a good 20 minutes and nobody came to help , i asked for help and they just point in the direction . i just gave up afterwards . only upside is their chocolate rocks , as in pebbles , and some frozen foods i never saw elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's alright for a grocery store but a bit small , even for a regular metro . prices are high so best to shop for discount .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "le metro qui d\u00e9panne dans le petit centre d'achats ghetto louche de c\u00f4te-des-neiges limite outremont , c'est lui . n'essaie pas d'y trouver des graines de pavot , c'est impossible ( histoire vraie ) . par contre , il y a du poisson frais , des p\u00e2tisseries , des plats chauds fra\u00eechement pr\u00e9par\u00e9s , et \u00e7a , on appr\u00e9cie . pour le reste , la section \u00e9picerie , ce n'est pas tr\u00e8s grand , mais c'est correct pour aller acheter quelques trucs pour le souper quand on est mal pris . pour les plus grosses \u00e9piceries , on oublie \u00e7a ; \u00e7a co\u00fbte la peau des fesses . toutefois , gros plus : une grande s\u00e9lection de bi\u00e8res locales . j'adore ! bonne \u00e9picerie !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "back a second time . not good let me tell ya . this time a burger . i expected better , way better . this burger was ordered medium and came out burned and hard and bad as a cinder block . if you know what that is . why would they send that out to someone to eat . disgrace in the back . who is in charge back there . onion soup was so-so . blah . called the manager and told him , they need to do something in the kitchen , because i would really hope they could be better . why , well the environment here is outstanding , a great venue , and the beer is good enough .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "lost their liquor license ! went for dinner last night and were surprised to see it almost empty . hostess explained that they had lost their liquor license s couple of weeks ago ! we stayed anyway and found the food to be quite good but service was slow . we also noticed that they did n't inform some guests of the liquor issue until they were seated , which i found to be somewhat disingenuous .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "because we had such a terrible experience last time , i posted a complaint on their official site and we were invited back for a `` comped '' dinner . it was a million times better than our first experience . our waitress had some experience and you could tell . she was knowledgable about the food and alcohol . the food was fresh and tasty ( but i would not say this is a food destination for me ) , and the regional manager stopped at our table to offer an apology for the last time we were in . with that being said , i know we will be back to this place because it is a great place to hang out with friends and family , and i appreciated their attempt to win back a customer who was very disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really bad service . did the same thing that some others did . tried it last week food was ok and service was bad . tried again service was really slow , really bad . bartender has no clue what to do when you place an empty drink closer and closer to the the edge of the bar . hopefully some one from there will read this and let him in on a clue you fill the drink after you walk past it at least three times . . the best part is lets you a glass to get ice out of the ice bin . the bartender pretty much talked to one group of guys on the other side of the bar and ignored the rest of the bar . have no clue who the bartender was but we were in sunday night after 11:30pm on the 29th . i 'm in the industry and reall did n't feal bad about giving this guy a big zero dollar tip .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would give this a 3 1 2 . typical bar food selection but the food is not so bad . i just do n't love that the menu is literally one page . the atmosphere is great though . a tv at each booth ! ? ? ? ! ! awesome for avid sports fans . they have a huge selection of beers , wines and hard liquor so this is a great place to hang out . i prefer happy hour with three dollar drafts and six dollar margaritas : ) service is a bit slow here and it was a bit hard to get our drinks refilled but the atmosphere ca n't be beat . this is a good place to hang out and eat , just not the biggest of menus . also , there are coupons a lot of time in the clipper magazine ! ! ! check it out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "brewstone has one problem that holds them back . their service is absolutely terrible . their food is delicious , great beer selection . but when it takes 45 minutes to get appetizers or 15 minutes for a draft beer its unacceptable . i have went here three times at different times of the week and have expierenced the same problem .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decent draft selection and local brews including full pint church brew works all saints rivertowne and east end . excellent staff and really good burgers . fun sports bar atmosphere with a touch of class . too bad it is under new ownership . hopefully the new owners do n't change much . we have been here many times and always leave happy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had dinner here with friends . the place was not very crowded but the food and service was terrible . i had a chicken dish that was so salty i simply could not eat it . our server never returned to fill our drinks or ask us how the meal was . i can not recommend this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the atmosphere was great , good decorations , and a tv on every table let us view an unobstructed pens game . the food was average . the fish and chips had an average batter , but the the large pieces of cod were cooked perfectly . the fries were good as well . the waiters all seemed nice and energetic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like brewstone . i live in monroeville , and it is one of the few places that is n't a chain . the place is big , and it attracts a wide variety of people . this is n't my first choice of place to go on a friday or a saturday night , but it 's an alternative if i do n't want to drive to shadyside . their food is good . i like the margarita pizza the best . they have a decent number of brews . i 'm not crazy about their live entertainment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely terrible ! just got up and left ... seated for 15 minutes and no one came to even take a drink order !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "new ownership , new menu . best meal we 've had there . excellent mozzarella sticks . fresh tasty cobb salad . tasty burger with bacon . nice meal , great service , reasonable prices . much improved .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is under new management . it is no longer called the brewstone . the food was so so and there was nothing super spectacular about it . i had a wedge salad which was ok except for the fact that the bleu cheese dressing was not bleu cheese dressing . i had mussels for dinner . they were extremely over-cooked . everyone else had a burger and they all came out wrong or missing an ingredient . the beer selection was decent and current . the wait staff was great which counters for the ignorant hostesses . the two girls were not welcoming . they sous there and looked at us and did n't acknowledge us or the other people who came in at the same time . they stood begins the counter which is in an odd place as you did n't know it was a host stand .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was a cool place . the food was alright and they have a decent selection of beer . the place is huge and has a big outside . the only drawback with the outside is the only view you have is a sweeping expanse of parking lot . i ordered coleslaw with my dinner and it looks to be homemade ! there were big pieces of cabage all through instead of shredded cabage like you normally see .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good atmosphere . good decor . great beer selection . $ 5 craft beer pints , typical on what you would pay for those . waiter was knowledgable about the beer . food was ok. we had a salad and pulled pork and it was n't anything amazing for the price . tvs at every booth was really cool and plenty more around to view every game", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the brewstone was perfect for a casual dinner and drinks . we went on a saturday night and there was no wait , our booth was comfy and had a tv along the wall . we ordered a couple of appetizers and a flight of three different beers . they had a large selection of beer to choose from and the food menu was great . the prices were good and the food we got was very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw this place when driving in monroeville and stopped in , turned out it was opening week so i hope it gets better . for a place called brewstone , i was expecting a place that brewed their own beer . not only do they not , but they had one of the worst beer selections i 've ever seen at a bar , although their online menu listed dozens of beers as `` coming soon '' our waitress was unfamiliar with the beer selection they did have as well . the food was not very good either , i had chipotle chicken sliders and they were bland with no hint of chipotle and the chicken was tough to the point i felt like i needed a kinfe to cut it . the best thing i have to say about this place is that it was very clean , but it 's only been open for a week .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "having been going to the joint at several locations throughout the valley i have found that each doctor is an individual and has there own style . no complaints over all . this location i have been using the last month . dr has been working out the stiffness in my back no issues or complaints . i did buy a plan and have been going weekly . i would recommend if your in need of chiropractic service give in them a try . dr kalish is dedicated to his profession and highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a complete joke . i went in because i had a pain in my neck . the guy proceeds give me a 15 minute speech about how essential it is to get adjusted regularly . he then adjusts my back and hips , not once touching my neck . he finished by trying to sell me a package for 20 follow up visits . thanks for absolutely nothing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the ambiance of blaring music and mexican soap operas on tv is awesome . the food was shockingly fresh for being in the middle of arizona . could n't be more authentic even if you were in mazatlan . i had seafood served in a hollowed out young coconut . not only delicious but the presentation was beautiful . it could have come out of one of jean-george 's kitchens in nyc . no joke . that was the last thing i was expecting when i pulled up to this kinda run down little strip mall . go . enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went based on reviews . it does look divey on the outside but sometimes the best restaurants do . walked in and wasnt greeted , shuffled around the dining room for awhile looking for a booth to sit in not covered in crumbs . a lady working in the dining room called for a waitress to come out to me . she brought chips and salsa and was nice enough . i asked for a water which came out shortly . i ordered a beer and said i needed another minute with the menu . i guess there was my mistake . at least 10 minutes later my beer and server had never materialized again . there were only 2 other people in the restaurant . i left a dollar for the chips and salsa i ate while waiting for my waitress to return and walked out . i passed a couple employees behind the counter talking happily . shame , the cordon bleu shrimp and smoked marlin quesadillas sounded really damn good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my roommate and i were actually trying to go to the sonoran hot dog truck across the street , but it was not there and saw sinaloa and decided to give it a try . we were both pleasantly surprised at how good everything was . probably the best carne asada i have had in quite a while . the tacos were great , my roommate also tried the ceviche and it was delicious as well . the other tacos we tried were chicken and a shredded beef , both were very good as well , but were overshadowed by how awesome the carne asada was . i knocked a star off because of the straight outta the bag chips , with so so salsa and the fact that every time i go there there 's a communication struggle with the mostly spanish speaking staff . overall , worth a trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bad service , ok food . mexican rice is from a box ; waitress did n't even smile ; restaurant is dirty ; menus are falling apart ; complimentary chips & `` salsa '' is the shrimp cocktail stuff ( not salsa ) . order was wrong `` no pico '' was interpreted as `` let 's jam pack this burrito with pico . '' oysters are good though . this place has gone downhill my friends .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered two tostadas ( one shrimp and one scallop ) and a water . bill was $ 17.35 . maybe i 'm biased because these things are 20 pesos a piece in mexico , but i was floored with the price . service was also terrible . for what it 's worth , the tostadas were pretty good , but i 'll go to another mariscos place with normal prices ( $ 3.99-5.99 each ) . in my life i 've literally never not tipped . this was the first time and just says how ripped off i felt .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is my only 1 star rating since using yelp . we waited 20 mins to be seated that was no big deal . after we were seated we noticed that 3 families that came in after us were seated and had drinks and chips at their tables we had not even been greeted . waitresses avoided our table handed out checks refilled glasses to other customers . i have never felt so disrespected .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't like this place ! bad service i paid $ 40 for 3 mojarras and they were over done after i told them how i wanted them . i do n't recommend these place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food here is great . i love mexican seafood and this place does it great . you will not be disappointed with your food . parking sucks here and be prepared for a wait to sit . but do n't let that or the decor scare you off . get a shrimp cocktal to start and you will feel much better about everything .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "4 stars until i eat more there ! this place is legit as it gets ! fish taco , pollo , smoked marlin , steak ! everything was awesome ! ! ! ! and as stated before , i am not going long-winded on this one . if you like legit mexican food ... ... go here now ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! no firearms allowed", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nasty restrooms ! a real mexican neighborhood type eating place . prices a bit on the high side but the food is better than average so i would say it is worth it . nothing fancy , just bare-bones dining . good food though , lots of seafood.wish there were more grilled roasted food ... ... ... ... .cuz they got way too much fried food and as every one knows fried food aint healthy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "civiche that tastes like canned tomato juice and over cooked shrimp do not belong in a mexican seafood restaurant . not recommended .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was really shocked about this place on how amazing it was . i was told by a friend about this place and my love for authentic mexican food i had to go . even though it looks bad from the outside and the decor on the inside is not good either the food is top notch and is one of my favorite places to eat mexican food on earth ! must try for everyone that wants authentic mexican food . ca n't wait for my next visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious cerviche ! i 've lived down the road from this place almost 5 months and finally stopped tonight . i did take out just for me . i 'm originally from new england and seafood is my favorite and obviously pretty sparse here in arizona . i saw `` fresh seafood '' out front and hoped for some cerviche . it was indeed fresh ! i got the shrimp and octopus mix . also got an order of guacamole which was very good too ! i will be returning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a family we frequent this restaurant quite often since it opened ... .many many years ago it is authentic mexican food . we luv it and when asked what is our favorite mexican restaurant to refer people there . mind you it is not fancy at all . some of the original servers are still working there and they recognize the kids who are now 26 years old . luv the personal service and the food is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i felt like i was actually in mexico when i was there . the chips and salsa were great , very fresh , tasty and probably made there . i had the smoked marlin tacos and my husband had the carne asada tacos both large portions and very good . the margaritas could have used a little more tequila but not bad . decent service , fair prices .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a shame . i returned after two years and knew something was wrong . the place was dirty , the service was terrible , the food was bad and prices had gone up . this could not be because of a one time bad night .i wo n't return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awasome i eat ceviche el patron and yes they take a wile why cus is real mexican sinaloa style food take a wile in the mean time order some beer and wait for the greatest food the lady about the rice that 's how it is get see food do n't ask for a hamburger if you like mexican american food with all the `` mexican chesse shit '' this is not your place sea food fresh and soo good if your allergic to guacamole do n't go there cus all or food got guacamole aguacate camarones culichi are the best ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "table was wobbly ok , garlic shrimp was chewy or rubbery bacon was salty but atmosphere was nice . change the channel . watching drug banditos get taken down by the police does n't exactly go with my dinner !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the native american indian tacos are good and cheap ! my girl loves the buffalo wings and her son enjoys the pizza ! something for everyone . i like the way they have the tables set up 70 's style .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a goof place , there are better burgers out there . i got a double burger with onion rings , very solid burger and rings just not outstanding .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i enjoy eating here they have a lot of great food but lately everytime i order hot wings they would serve me old carrots that is not fresh . it does look gross . if your going to give carrots atleast serve them fresh ! otherwise do n't give them with the meal . it would only be a waste i throw them away every time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed having a beer at this spot . the interior decor is the best part of the experience with the exposed brick and dark wood and cozy booths . pricing is more than fair for pints of beers and i definitely like how they do half pints for you as an option .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "gord and i had supper this evening at the dog & bear . friday 's special is fish and chips and a beer for $ 15 . it was quiet when we got there about 6:30ish but was getting busy when we left . we sat at a high top by the window . i ordered the special . my fish and chips were good . gord ordered plain wings and a scottish egg ... he love love loves their scottish eggs . nudsuda , as always , took great care of us .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the vibe and atmosphere are great just come here to drink the food is n't great . the service is hit or miss depending on the server . definitely come to the dog and bear on friday or saturday night for good party", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a happy taste of chicago in my mouth ! as far as i 'm concerned it 's the best italian beef sandwich in az . i always get it dipped with hot peppers and i 'm a happy girl . their combo with beef and sausage is also great . they serve chicago hot dogs the way i remember back home . even their cheese sauce for the fries tastes like cheese and not the regular canned toxic cheese . yes , the place is loud , yes the place gets crowded . but i do n't care - it 's a happy reminder of home for me . ca n't wait until they open their tempe marketplace location closer to where i live !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's bigger than it looks which is good because apparently every transplanted chicago resident in the valley has made this their lunch spot now . the food was good and served very quickly , but not having been there before its a bit disconcerting to have them ask for your order before you even reach the point where you can read the signs . of course , not being from chicago , i had never heard of portillo 's before this opened and while it was good , it 's basically a hot dog and italian beef sandwich shop . are they good hot dogs ? sure . are they worth a long wait in line ? if you 're not from chicago , probably not . will i go back ? probably , but i would n't make a special trip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've come here often and always had good food and service . except for today . my order was wrong . no big deal i walk up they offer to fix it i say ok. 15 minutes later no food . i walk up again and the guy asked if i had received my food . i said no so he went and had them make it again . they did . i get back to my table and the food is wrong again . then when i walk back up the girl tells me i asked for different hotdogs . i asked for what i ordered and what was on my receipt . no one apologized . i got frustrated and walked to the cashier and asked for my money back . i said i 'd pay for the burger and fries my girlfriend ate but not the hotdogs . what made me mad was no manager took responsibility or tried to make it right . all i got was grief from the employees for their mistakes . sad to say but i 'll never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hugely overrated . i get it though , there 's few good chicago joints in town so chicagoan 's have to come here for this kind of food . it 's good for what it is and the service really is fantastic but the hype has caused crazy long lines which do n't justify the wait in my book .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ate a few hotdogs from this location . same as the one in tempe . so that 's good ! amazing menu with chicago style food . the service is decently fast but i think it 's the taste that matters at portillos . still have n't tried the entire menu . i have tried hotdogs , tamales , and sausages . still debating if i want to try their salads and fancy burgers . somehow , i associate this place with hotdogs . anyway , it 's not healthy . at least the hotdogs and sausages but extremely delicious ! if you are looking for fast food , this is the place . skip the other chains .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually get dogs here but last night i tried the italian beef sandwich with the cheese fries and i must say it was incredible ! filled with so much flavor ! that was hands down one of the best italian beef sandwiches i 've had in a long time ! portillo 's never disappoints !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great beef sandwich . i always get the dipped with peppers . great atmosphere and friendly service . i always enjoy coming here . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've heard about this place before . i was shocked by a few things ... . a . they have a ton of employees running around . b . it was cheap , very cheap . like $ 2 for a hot dog cheap . c. even though a & b were true , it was still delicious . i do n't know how they make any money , but it was really good . their drive through line was very very long so we ate inside . we got a chicago dog , a chili dog , and chili-cheese fries . took about 10 minutes to get our food but it was worth the wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you call this a hot dog.. yuck what is italian beef ? ? no such thing in italy . they should also treat there employees better too..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent food , but the hotdogs polish dogs were a huge disappointment ! small polish with a few grilled onions and mustard for $ 4 ? ! onion rings and fries are good . hubby ordered the italian beef , the meat itself really did not have any flavor ( even needed salt ) , i told him next time he needs to get it dipped in the sauce . my son had a burger and it was pretty tasty . had to order the famous chocolate cake . it was good , but i 've definitely had better . super fun atmosphere , the kids loved it . i 'd come back if i was in the area again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a happenin ' place ! i often feel rushed when i get in line to order because they have a person carrying a notepad or something taking our order as we stand in line , so i do n't really get to peruse the menu to see what i want - an option is to get out of line to read the menu , but considering how busy it is , you need to stand in line , get your order and hope to get a table to sit at . i 'm not a huge hot dog fan , so i usually just order the `` hot dog '' . it comes with everything including : mustard , relish , freshly chopped onions , sliced red ripe tomatoes , kosher pickle and sport peppers piled onto a perfectly steamed poppy seed bun . the best part is the poppy seed bun . so soft and warm ! they also have crinkle fries that are also really good . i 'd definitely keep coming back to this place as there are many other things on the menu that i want to try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chocolate cake milkshake for the win ! ! ! ! also a big fan of there beefies , used to always go to al 's until this place opened up and won me over !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not from chicago , never been to chicago ( although it 's near the top of the list ) and never heard of portillo 's before it opened up in scottsdale , so i 'd say i 'm pretty unbiased . tried the italian with sweet and hot peppers and got ta say : it was damn good . i might get it with extra gravy next time because it might have been a little dry , but other than that the meat was great , the peppers were great , the bread was great . my gf had the chili cheese dog and she was impressed . the place is packed , but things move along rather quickly . i have a feeling this is the kind of place i 'll be craving .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upset alert . if you 're looking for a great hotdog , quiktrip is your best bet . no kidding . quiktrip had additional toppings at no additional price , but here ... it 's not available or way extra . i ordered a `` jumbo '' hotdog for $ 3.51 . when i received my order , they forgot to put the jumbo part in . what is the difference between jumbo and all beef hotdog ( besides 40\u00a2 difference ) . yes , i 've had chicago , new york , philadelphia hotdogs and you can not compare . it 's all hype or placebo effect if you will with all these bogus yelp reviews giving this restaurant 5 stars . exact comparison to quiktrip hotdogs ( which are delicious ) , and 2 for same price here or cheaper at quiktrip gas station . if you want to waste money , definitely the place to go to . crowd is similar to retirement home .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we all enjoyed it ... my nieces and me ! i wish they had kids meals as the kids did not eat burgers that larger so then i finished them off .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "portillo 's is n't just hot dogs ! it is so much more ! i had the halibut fish sandwich and onion rings . hot and crispy ( both ) very flavorful . they even have soup and i love soup almost any time of year ! staff pleasant and when they call your number this server put a little poetic twist based on the last number of your order . clever . we chose to go outside . it was a beautiful day . besides , while the music was great ( loved the genre ) it was terribly loud inside . you can hear the music outside but at a lower tone so you could hear each other talk . not a true complaint because now i know i wo n't be a stranger just some constructive criticism . maybe others are okay and i am just an old fuddy duddy . oh well . i can always get it to go if i want . they also cater so now another place to consider for an office lunch . i also noticed special lenten sandwiches .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't tell anybody that it is good . i would hate to see it get crowded . oh my !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is such a great chicago place . love each their hot dogs and onion rings ! ! yum ! service is fast and efficient . thanks scottsdale for welcoming our chicago favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can i say , i love portillo 's . my favorite dinner here is an italian beef ( prime roast beef , soaked in au jus type sauce ) sandwiched between pillows of the softest bread imaginable and then dunked again into sauce . it 's amazing , and messy , but mostly amazing . also , the cheese fries are de-lish . i normally am anti-fake-liquid-cheese , but this cheese is like a creamy bowl of macaroni and cheese sent from heaven to dip your perfect french-fries in ; a dangerous combination ! the chocolate cake is delicious . i also love the chocolate cake shake -- chocolate shake with chocolate cake crumbles . yum , yum , yum ! naomi garnice gives it two thumbs up ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i picked up a hotdog for my husband and a chopped salad for me . my salad was really good ! chicken , bacon , bits of blue cheese i was really surprised it was so good . a hotdog place that has delicious salads ! the salad also came with a small poppy seed lemon muffin that was good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yelp led me here while vacationing in arizona ... what a find ! as a jersey girl , i am used to hot dogs `` all the way '' meaning onions , chili , etc . at portillo 's they were way different but oh so good ! the onion rings were amazing as well . very clean , efficiently run place ... def check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "note : they know how to make a chocolate malt . you would be amazed to find how rare that is around here but the awesomeness does not stop there . great dogs , burgers , fries and chocolate cake . service is friendly and extremely fast . i came to this location first after taking my wife to mayo down the street . we where looking for something to lift our spirits and this place did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , i 've been a few times and it 's been pretty good . i love their hot dogs , aside from the fact that their mustard is bland and the only reason you know it 's mustard is because it 's yellow ... but the reason i 'm writing is that one of my coworkers and my boss just went and got salads . my boss got the wonton chicken salad without the wontons ; not that bad i know , but this was 1 2 an hour after my coworker got a grilled chicken salad with no chicken and no side muffin . adding this to my own experiences where the italian beef was really bland ( and yes , i got the peppers and gravy so it was soggy , slimy and bland ) and when i ordered cheese fries the cheese was all over the inside of the bag and not in the container , well , i think i 'll stick with driving a ways to uncle sam 's .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my husband and i were here for the first time yesterday . we tried the polish sausage and the italian beef sub . not a fan , our onion rings were the highlight of our meal . not sure if we are coming back . not my favorite spot , there 's a lot going on in there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped in last night on the way home . i have eaten most of their menu items except the tamales . i am not sure about a hot dog place that serves tamales . lol i noticed they had pasta and decided to try it . it was pretty good and the small piece of bread was the perfect size too . i even tried there strawberry shortcake too . it was pretty good . maybe a tad to sweet for me . i like this place and recommend it to anyone . i do like there beef and italian sausage sandwiches , but the doctor said no mas for a while .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love coming here ! everything is fresh and tastes great ! best beef ! and let 's not forget the fries ! even if i get a salad i have to get a side of fries !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little slice of chicago heaven . we were so happy when portillo 's came to arizona . delicious italian beef sandwiches , hot dogs , burgers and salads . it 's a regular stop for us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "short of wrigley field , i have not found a better hot dog than portillo 's . btw cake shakes are probably the most underappreciated invention ever . go to portillo 's , you 'll love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this could be the best beef sausage combo sandwich i 've had in my life . the food is consistently great , and service is efficient and friendly . the hot pepper topping is a must , unless you 're not into spicy obviously . ask for a little extra , it 's that good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite chicago style restaurant to go to ! it never disappoints ! they have a selection of food to choose from that are all very delicious ! the workers are very friendly and when they call your order , they do a little rhyme with your number . these people are very kind and they always serve the best for their customers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place absolutely rocks . even with all the volume that they do they always seem to give good service and the food is just kick ass . when i come here i normally get the italian sausage on a hot dog bun but some hot peppers it is the only real italian sausage in the city . i also recently gotten the hot beef sandwich because that too is just killer with the hot peppers . ca n't forget to get some french fries with it as well . i 'm glad it is a bunch of locations everywhere and it 's also good that they 're open till 11 o'clock at night . the end", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place in my hometown of chicago , and went here for dinner after a long business day because i knew it would n't disappoint and was a sure thing . outstanding italian beef sandwich and they have the very best fries . there 's something really special about a portillo 's italian beef , they dip it just right . love their fries . the whole restaurant has a good vibe to it , also very spacious so you do n't feel crammed . they 've figured it out , as it 's a good place , a fair price , and a quality experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've waited 13 years for this place to open up here in the phoenix valley - and i was n't disappointed ... coming from chicago area we went a couple times a month.. the hot dogs , beef sandwiches and burgers are without match here in the valley ... others may claim they make a chicago-style hot-dog , but if you want the real thing go to portillo 's ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love their food ! ! ! , they got killer cheese fries and all beef chili dogs ! ! ! ! ! ! , this is the 2nd portillo 's i 've been to ( i went to the one in chicago 2 years ago ) , the service was good here , it gets packed during lunch time here and it 's noisy which are cons but their great food makes up for that ! ! . bring portillo 's to san jose please ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the food here ! ! best chicago dogs i 've ever had and will continue to come back for their food . one thing i do n't like though is when i order 4 jumbo hotdogs , they always have to announce to the whole restaurant on the speaker or by yelling it to the staff to see if they have any , every time . other than that this place is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yeah , 4 stars is about right for portillos , mostly because i 'm just glad to have a local place serving chicago-style fast food . the place is run like a machine , with quick ordering , and fast delivery of your food . the prices are on par with other restaurants with similar fare . i almost always get the same thing , a jumbo dog and fries , but it 's consistently good . my only complaint . i grew up eating this kind of food , and miss the famous hand-cut style french fries from chicago . their 's taste like they are right out of the giant frozen bag . the place is jumpin , but there 's plenty of places to sit , and lots of room for big parties . they also sell their food in bulk so you can have a `` hot-dog '' party at your own house ( :", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my coworkers come here often during lunch- which typically i am satisfied with the cheese fries . but they do have very delicous burgers and salads as well . and staff is very friendly - plus i give them all props for being on top of everything , a very fast pace to work at .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what to say ! i have been all around this country but nothing beats a portillo 's hot dog ! a regular with everything , a chili cheese dog , and cheese fries ... very healthy indeed ! : ) this place is always packed because it 's amazing . if you truly like hot dogs , it 's worth the chaos and wait . they are very expedient in their service . oh , did i mention they have amazing shakes too ? ! plan on gaining some lbs by coming here but it 's so worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was told by a chicago native to try this place before they even opened . it has been on my to-try list for over a year and i made it this weekend . best hot dog i have had in phoenix . tried a hamburger , fries and onion rings too . the jumbo dog was excellent . juicy without being greasy and i like the chicago style fixins too . the hamburger was great . not a toasted bun , but everything else was perfect . the fries are awesome . soft on the inside , crispy on the outside . onion rings were a disappointment in my opinion . batter to onion ratio is to high for `` my '' liking . i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the poppy seed salad and my daughter eat all her chicken parmesean . first time here , trying to get the most of our lunch but mary ellen at the register was a bit impatient with us , sad because there wasnt anybody behind us to rushed . the pick up guy is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome food . awesome service . chocolate cake is the best aywhere", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like portillo 's dogs and beef and tamales and even fries , but they must find a better way to package take out chicago hot dogs . by the time you get them home , they are soggy and squished and disappointing . wrapping them in paper and throwing them in a bag with everything else just does not do them justice . it works ok for beef sandwiches which are juicy any way , but even they would be better if packaged to go better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome ! if you like real chicago style dogs and italian beef sandwiches , this is the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only adequate . there are several better hot dogs in the valley . see ted 's for a similar priced dog that will blow your mind , or the main ingredient ale house for a top notch `` fancy '' dog . the beef sandwich is fine , but it 's not something to bring me back . it 's kind of fun having a sogged sandwich disintegrate in your mouth like bread thrown to ducks . but it 's also kind of like eating duck-grade bread . the gravy jus is flavorful but the meat is n't anything special . tender and well prepared but not much to it . compared to a good cheesesteak , the beef sandwich lacks character . poor onion rings . crunchy , yes , but they were all coating , no onion . good price to value ratio . neat restaurant interior , but it 's a zoo . friendly staff , fast service at 8pm on a weeknight .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been going to portillos for over forty years , the original one in illinois . i could n't wait for the one to open in scottsdale . at first it was great . now it has gone down hill . i heard that they changed owners and i believe it now . the quality of the whole business is down . the food now is hit or miss . i went on monday , the 28th . the person who took my order was rude , seems like we were annoying her . ordered a beef , had to bring it back because the bun was extremely hard and was n't even seasoned right . the hotdog was n't even good and they are not vienna , like another person wrote on a review . the worst of all were the restrooms . they were filthy . i had to tell someone about it . looks like i 'll have to try another place serving food from chicago .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times , and really do n't understand its popularity . it 's not like it 's bad food , it 's just average at best . basically a glorified fast-food place with a more extensive menu . that said it 's clean , and the employees are efficient and polite . but as far as the food goes the best i can say is adequate .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "although i 'm no chicago native , i 've been there and can say that this place does n't do chicago dogs justice . we ordered the jumbo chili cheese dog , italian beef , fries , and a burger . everything just tasted okay . the italian beef was the one item that was pretty decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "portillo 's in scottsdale from chicago is a blessing . the food is good , but sometimes the hot dogs are soggy . it 's not that hard to let the water drip off of a hot dog before you put it on the bun . that 's really starting to annoy me , so 4 stars . the staff is always wonderful . we have eaten a few of the sandwiches , which are good . the chicken chopped salad is our favorite , but i do n't think the chicken is cooked in-house . lately the chicken in the salad has been mushy and covered in fat , so we ask for the chicken on the side so we can pick through it . we love it here , but it needs some attention to detail . p.s . a chicago dog comes with celery salt . all employees should be reminded of this .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was excited about the hot dog experience considering the reviews however the hot dogs were below average . we ordered the signature original hot dog and it was not good , i much prefer the costco hot dog hands down . the only reason i would even consider going back is because their onion rings were phenomenal . one of the best i 've ever had . chili fries were also decent . however considering they specialize in hot dogs , i think they are in no comparison to what i 'm used to back home ( seattle ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "miss chicago street cuisine . portillos brings back sweet memories . the combo made my mouth water .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i waited 6 long years for portillos to come to the phoenix area ! i am so happy that it is just as delicious as it is in chicago ! we went opening week and was quite impressed with the organization of such a large crowd . the line has been out the door every time we 've gone but they are really efficient and never really waited long ! my faves are the italian beef ( with mozzarella , extra gravy or dipped ) , burgers , cheese fries , and chocolate cake shake , so i usually spend a good chunk of time trying to decide what to get ( as everything is so good ! ) . my only complaint is that there are n't more locations yet ! if there was one closer i would definitely eat their salads too . they are really good , but i do n't make it up there enough to waste it on a salad ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is overhyped . the food is ok , the portions a bit small for the price . it 's not the oregano 's of hot dogs like most of the reviews would lead you to believe .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food here is by far the closest you will get to eating in chicago ! their salads are phenomenal as well as the hot dogs ( of course ) . the only problem seems to be getting the orders right ... third time using the drive threw , and the third time the order was not correct after waiting over 20 minutes for the food . all in all , it 's a great place to eat , but checking your order for accuracy is certainly a must when visiting this particular location . maybe a little review with the friendly staff and management may help fix this little issue .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really fun atmosphere for a fast food counter service kind of place w a drive through . jumbo hot dogs are super yummy , service is always great , employees are courteous , etc . the only thing i think sucks is that these super nice employees are forced to stand out in the az heat to take the drive through orders . what happened to the old fashioned speaker systems . i feel so sorry for them . i think that is really stupid and sad . they say it gets orders processed and out quicker , but i do n't see how it could really make that much of a difference . i wish they would change their policy on this . they are out there even when it 's not super busy for no apparent reason .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have not found a hot dog place i have enjoyed this much . the buns were fresh steamed , the dog plump and juicy . the onion rings crisp and the tea was fresh . the arnold palmer tea was a perfect mix . the price was soo affordable . we 3 ate for under 20 dollars . we wanted 2nds ! ! ca n't wait to try the whole menu ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! my wife and i grew up in des plaines just outside of chicago . the italian beefs are the same as back home . make sure you ask them to dip it ! i also like sweet and hot peppers and an occasional italian sausage thrown in there.my wife loves the beef and cheddar croissants . do n't forget some cheese fries and their chocolate cake shake . thanks for opening so close to our house . now we do n't have to fly back to chi-town for great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks portillo 's for a fantastic experience ! delicious food ! wonderful employees ! : ) i will be back for sure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! i get the italian beef sandwich and cheese fries every time . everyone i have taken here has loved it . a chicago staple that i am so glad came to the valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a taste of chicago right here in scottsdale ! there 's another location at tempe marketplace , too . it 's fun to come here with my little nephew . the chicken sandwich is nice . i also love a polish with sauerkraut !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great chicago hot dog , burger and hot beef sandwich place . the food is really good and reminds me of home . it has a ton of seating , but during lunch and dinner it 's busy . although i do n't think of them as a burger joint , i had one today and it was awesome . it 's actually a fire grilled burger and tastes like a burger should taste . thir dogs are great with soft steamed buns . if you are in the area it 's worth stopping in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always come here when i need something to eat last minute . the service is great ! everyone is unbelievably nice ! ( 5 star service ) the food is good too . i would n't say it 's amazing , but it 's good for a quick bite . i order a chili dog and chili . so my rating is for those two items .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the chili cheese dog was to die for ... it still had that awesome snap when i bit into it . the taste was amazing . service was good and cheese fries i got to dip myself . i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my second visit , first for my wife . she had the burger and fries which i recommended from my previous visit . she said the burger was great . she does n't eat a lot so took most of the fries and strawberry shortcake home . finished the shortcake later and said it was good too . trying to behave on my diet , i had the grilled salmon caesar salad . asked them to go light on the dressing , perfect . very crisp , fresh lettuce . salmon was pretty good , i was more impressed with the quantity than the quality . is a big step above a mcdonald 's or wendy 's salad . wish there was one closer to me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , especially the italian beef ! make sure you get it with the sweet peppers . love the onion rings . atmosphere is very friendly . service is great and entertaining .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never had portillos before . heard a great recommendation from a big fan who was visiting az from oh . talked them up big time.. surprise ! ! ! we got a chicago hot dog and the jumbo chilli cheese hot dog with a side of onion rings . just slop on a bun with a frank basically ! was awful . served in a paper wrapper that basically had all the chilli squeezed from the bun . was everywhere ! i was almost not going to eat it as it looked terrible . the buns were either microwaved or steamed , but they were extremely soggy ! the onions rings however were nice - cooked perfectly ! crunchy and tasty ! ca n't get these wrong i guess when you deep fry right ? disappointing that the staff take no pride in how they present their food ( hot dogs ) to the paying customer ! if i had n't been through the drive through , i would have asked for my money back ! wo n't be back unfortunately !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent ! ! download the portillos app and enter hot dog to save $ 5.00 off of your order of $ 20.00 or more . highly recommended ... love the app so easy to order !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man , this place is the real deal . i am not from chicago , and have never been there ( other than time spent at o'hare , which i 'd rather forget ) so i was n't up on what the deal was with portillo 's . great hot dogs , and holy cow , chocolate cake shakes ? ! this place is packed all the time , and i see why .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "portillos really knows how to keep customers happy by offering delicious hot dogs and fries , never cold or soggy , and served in record time . i love the chopped salad . try it . chocolate cake . yummy ! why cook ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "portillo 's has to be the best place for lunch ever ! i love the italian beef w sweet peppers , cheeseburger , hot dog and onion rings . i even tried the tamale at the same time . if i lived closer , then i would come here every week . the food is exactly the same as it was in chicago . excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the place to take people who claim to dislike hot dogs . it is impossible to dislike a portillo 's hot dog . every time i am in scottsdale , i get portillo 's multiple times , usually first thing after i arrive and as a last meal before leaving . i have never had a bad experience there -- staff are friendly , service is fast , and food is exceptional . i would highly recommend to any meat eaters .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh ... ..my ... ..goodness ! ! ! cheap and greasy and love in a bag . we ordered ahead to-go ( which was recommended by a coworker ) . when we got there - it was the busiest restuarant i 've seen for lunch probably ever . and they were flipping tables quick . the line was fast and efficient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being from chicago i was waiting for this place to open ! still love it ! got ta get the italian beef with lots and lots of hot peppers ! they have yummy crinkle fries if i remember correctly . i also order some gravy on the side . ( basically its au jus the beef is cooked in ) . so delicious ! now that they have been open a while its not as packed as when it first opened .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "-1 star for the weird tv programs in the lobby . i do n't like that they want you to leave a credit card on file for any charges to your account . dr. lee is nice . his nurse ( ma maybe ) seems inexperienced . something about this place feels sketchy . the receptionist is nice but they are very pushy about billing ( balances , statements , payments ) . they also have paperwork for you to sign stating not to bill your insurance for some lab testing . dr. lee seems great - but his office and their practices steer me away .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just had a wonderful experience here . the staff was very pleasant even though i was a complete pain in the butt in the few days leading up to my appointment . i was looking for a new primary care doctor and was referred here by cvs . the wait period was very short even though i had n't filled out all of the necessary paperwork in advance . doctor lee did not seem rushed at all and sat back and listened while i talked about myself and my medical history for about 30 minutes . he asked a lot of questions and really made me feel like my diagnosis was important to him . i would definitely recommend san tan family medical .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really liked this dr. , he always spends time with you and makes you feel like a valued patient . my problem lies with his office . apparently they have something in the paperwork you sign that allow 's them to deduct money from your debit card and that something for me was $ 250 for which i had only found out 3 weeks prior that my insurance had not paid for oral allergy drops saying they were experimental . i told the office i was going to dispute the non-payment for which i had done . but somewhere during that 3 weeks , i lost my job and then had dr. lee 's office deduct the amount owed without any notice . when i asked them to return the money and i could make a small payment they said no . no dr. should have the right to just take the money from your account especially without any notice . this dr was probably one of the best family physicians i have ever had but i will take my business else where .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the always have coupons in the value mailer monthly $ 5 off bath & cuts with free nail trim . i bring my aunt 's maltese and my aunt loves them . her coat comes out super white and soft . our 1st visit her cut was perfect . 2nd visit the cut was a tiny bit off . 3rd cut the hair was ok not that great . i 'm not sure maybe they changed hair stylist or something . but will go back because they are super close to my aunt and the price is ok . they charge extra is your dog has knots and tangled hair .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first time taking my cat to this groomer and it was great ! the de-shedding treatment was awesome and her fur is silky soft ! great experience would definitely recommend to other pet owners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i 've taken my cat here several times for a wash and hair cut . i 've always been happy with the results . i would recommend this place to anyone looking for cat grooming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place i have been taking my 2 dogs here for the last 2 years . they are always so accommodating and know my dogs really well . always happy with their service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought my petey i to get his nails trimmed . the ladies in the shop were very nice and professional . i ca n't wait to bring the rest of the babies in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you so much bow wow meow pet grooming for taking care of my not so little guy ! special thanks to dustin ! this was his 1st grooming experience and he 's so happy ! i would highly recommend everyone taking their fur babies to them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i felt as if i might had been over charged when taking my cat here.. for $ 75 i guess i expected more . my cats bottom paws were not trimmed still has hair growing about an inch out ( which was one reason i took her in ) . she was soft and smelled great but she needed more of a trim . she has very long fur and you can tell its over grown in places . i would not have posted if taking her only cost 40-50 but $ 75 and she did n't get a good all over trim ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so pissed at this place , took our puppy there , my fiancee goes to pick her up , as soon as i get home and see her , the lady had snipped lexi on her back leg , now mind you , lexi weights less than 7 pounds , is gray and white , so i big size , chunk of skin missing with red blood , is definitely visible , and even though accidents do happen , , `` i 'm so sorry , i accidentally snipped the chunk out your dogs leg '' should have been the first damn thing out of her mouth when he picked her up , ... needless to say we will no longer be going back there . will choose a place were safety awareness is primary .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "he 's small and generally very sweet ( he 's a therapy dog by day ) but try to trim his nails and you 'll witness the nightmare that he can be ! after being rejected by petsmart ( and told he needs to be sedated at a vet ) and dismissed at another reputable groomer we tried for a 3rd time to get frankie cheese 's nails trimmed . it 's just a trim.. on a 10lb dog people ! these lovely folks took us as walk-ins and did n't bat an eye at the challenge they were accepting . amazing ! affordable , professional , accommodating and skilled in their craft , i would highly recommend them for your challenging `` angles '' on four feet . we 'll see you in a few weeks as very satisified customers and thank you again so much for handling business . we found our new groomer and appreciate the help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my terrier mix in for a grooming . he is a nervous pup . the ladies at bow wow meow really took care of him for me . they were sweet to him . his cut came out fantastic , his fur is so silky now . he did n't have any issues or problems , no accidental cuts or anything . his nails were done beautifully . i was really impressed with how calm he was when we picked him up . even making the appointment was simple and hassle free . i will definitely be returning when he needs another haircut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my dog enjoys roaming around with the other dogs and not having to be in a crate . the owner is very nice . they do a great job with baths , grooming and nail clipping .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought my three-year-old aussie for grooming and they did a fantastic job . seems a little pricey for a bath and brush but you do get what you pay for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful ... we will never go anywhere else ! recommended by a relative who gets her two dogs groomed here and we could n't be more pleased ! our yorkie , who goes from sweet to vicious at the groomer , has been improving every visit since with dustin ! he really does an excellent job at grooming and bathing ( he is squeaky clean ) and you can tell that dustin really cares about animals . our dog is always playing and happy when i pick him up . they 've been very customer friendly and accommodating as well . highly highly recommend bow wow meow !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes yes yes ! today was our second time going into this groomers to get my 20lb long haired cat groomed and i 'm over satisfied ! i would recommend this shop to anyone with a cat or dog . they treat the animals with much respect . i was a little surprised with the price the first time , as i was going from paying 45 with my ex groomer to 80 . however , wendy does an amazing job . and the fact that my cat has a ton of hair , i really can not complain at all , because he comes out with his hair extremely well groomed . i have his belly to butt shaved , and have not had any issues with cuts , which was an issue with the old groomer . again , i 'm really happy with my experience and if you 're having a hard time finding a good groomer , go to bow wow meow ! thank you so much wendy ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my dog dez loves to go here and get his bi-weekly bath ! ! ! awesome groomers and discounts mondays and tuesdays ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bow wow meow went beyond my expectations ! ! we dropped our 4 year old german shepherd off yesterday for his very first grooming session . we adopted him months ago but we had never given him a bath . we were a bit wary of leaving him for the grooming because we have n't boarded him or been apart from him since we brought him home , but the staff was so friendly and understanding . it took about 4 hours or so , but when we picked our buddy up , we were so excited how beautiful he looked ! he smelled amazing , his coat was so soft and he just looked amazing ! the staff was so sweet to tell us how well he did and they really put our nerves at ease ! we will definitely be coming back for our next bath ! thank you bow wow meow ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time i ever used a groomer . brought my two cats . i was so nervous . but they did a great job . they made my cats look great . they were super clean , caring , and respectful . they made sure that we felt comfortable throughout the whole process . and they did a great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took both of my dogs there to be groomed and the ladies there did an excellent job.i will look forward to returning there in the near future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "attempted to return our truck here . the owner or lady at the desk was so rude . she appeared annoyed the instant we walked in . would n't accept our truck without all paperwork . come to find out after calling budget , she could 've looked up our info on the computer . lazy and rude . the customer service rep called her , she would n't answer so they left her a message . when we returned the second time she was on the phone arguing with customer service about us . we told her we would just return the truck to a corporate office . she then stated `` fine ! '' and threw the keys at us . yikes . not only will i not be using budget , i wo n't be using this place for storage either . attitude adjustment ma'am .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice place . kind folks here . samantha checked me in and out . she was kind enough to discount my overage in my miles ( i was off by 28 miles ) . normally it 's $ 0.74 mile but she lowered it to $ 0.63 . i also used the discount i received when changing my address to buy the truck rental . it was for 25 % off . my total with fees and my overage was $ 79.74 . still cheaper than u-haul . oh , but their 10 foot truck does n't come with a ramp .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "returned a small moving truck to this location . i told them i was charged full 4 days `` flatrate '' even if my reservation confirmation only states 3 days . they do n't care if i showed them my reservation confirmation . i only used the truck for less than 3 days for my move & they wo n't prorate ! they wanted the fuel exactly on the `` f '' ( full ) even if we were explaining to them that we filled it up until the gaspump stopped just a few minutes ago . `` we could do this all day , but it still wo n't go to f '' annoyingly says the lady . we went to overfill the truck so i wo n't get charged another $ 30 for the gas . they have bad customer service & they overcharge . wo n't be using budget anymore !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service . everything was explained to us . the truck was clean and well maintained . i usually just rent from the other guys ... those trucks have always been old and in scary condition . they offer a military discount as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "west has been redone and it 's fantastic . was there last night and i had a great time . very cool atmosphere and friendly staff made for a very welcoming experience . i was able to try a sample of the food that will be available to the general public and it looks like their going to kill it . i tried an old fashioned that was one of the best i 've tried in the city . really enjoyed my night here and will definitely come back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh west , you crap filled basement you . i 've been through two generations of this joint . it was super hot when it first opened and the idea of a boutique lounge was really new and hot . before that i think the only place you could get that feel was ina hotel bar . athe big hype was centred around the fact that you had to be `` invite '' and that they did n't have any markings outside . i met this vile investment banker there once who turned out to be inches away from american psycho . originally it had over priced drinks with some music and a lounge environment . now , it 's just a club like any other . the covered patio on the street level is n't bad but they over pack it with their entire liquor license ( for two floors ) and you can barely move . the downstairs is your basic club basement . the sound system is terrible , the service is flat and the patrons are totally forgettable . it 's only worth going if you 're being dragged by the hair .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "liked the chicken ( although didnt find it as smoky as i had expected after reading some of the other reviews ) . apart from the breasts , the pieces were really juicy . the breast pieces were a little too dry , but this problem was easily solved by dunking it in the piri piri sauce . got potatoes and rice on the side . the potatoes were good , but i did not like the rice at all . the piri piri sauce was only okay . however i think its better at other portuguese chicken places . prices are a little on the high side . street parking only . it 's about a 5-10min walk from eglinton station .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've worked around this area for years and have always put off going to this restaurant because it really does n't look like much from the outside . the sign is dated and the front looks a bit grotto-ish . i was really dubious about how good the food would be . i really regret it now . i wish i had found this place sooner . the chicken is delicious . i usually get the wrap ( which is great ) , and it comes with two sides . the fries are amazing ( thin , not the usually crappy fries ) and the salad is really , really tasty . the sandwich is similar to the wrap , but comes in a yummy bun . you get plenty of food with your order - i always leave full . the best part is that it 's really decently priced . a favourite - so glad that i found this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i frequently order from churrasco , and even host staff meetings during non peak times in their restaurant . the food and service has always been above average , and always a great experience . that is until last week . i placed a large order for a business meeting , and cutlery was n't included . i called and was told onus was on me to request cutlery ( never had to ask before ) , and they would deliver my cutlery only if i paid for another delivery charge . well despite having already given the deliveryman a solid tip , i declined their solution . and unfortunately this experience put a bad taste in my mouth , enough to not order again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wanted to try portuguese bbq with a friend and found this place on yelp based on places near by . it 's not the nicest place , but the food is pretty good , especially for the price . the portions were very filling . i got the standard 2 pieces of bbq chicken with two sides- vegetables and roast potatoes . vegetables were plain , but i appreciated that they were quite healthy and not over cooked or smothered in butter like most restaurants . potatoes and chicken were great and cooked well . however , i 've had better bbq chicken and it was slightly dry . i 'm glad i went for the dark meet , because my friend 's white meat looked even drier .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has fantastic chicken and the roasted potatoes are delicious ! ! but the veggies that we get with the family pack , seem like they came from a bag of frozen vegetables that were barely heated . all the staff that we 've encountered are rude and act as though waiting on customers is such a bother . my family wont eat here anymore , as it is not an enjoyable environment and the staff are very unpleasant . however , i must admit , the chicken and potatoes are so awesome that we sometimes grab take-out and make our own side of seasoned vegetables or salad at home .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing . quality i had the pleasure of ordering the beef ribs . most restaurants interpret charring as burning the meat till it 's crispy . the ribs i received were slightly charred and actually added a nice texture and flavour to the meat . the barbeque sauce was also equally as delectable as it was n't overly sweet but just enough for taste . my most pleasant surprise came in the form of the 2 sides i ordered , salad and steamed vegetables . i was happy to see actual fresh vegetables that were cut in house and not out of a frozen bag . vegetables that come out of a bag are definitely one of my pet peeves and i believe they have no place in a restaurant . this small touch , is what cemented the quality of the restaurant to me . on my way out i had to compliment the chefs because of the attention to detail that is sorely lacking amongst other restaurants . if you are in the area and want quality , this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hmmm how can i describe how delicious the food tastes with just mere words ? by far the best portuguese food place in the city ! good portion sizes , always fresh , never a long wait ... and the homemade piri piri sauce is amazing ! the dressing on the salad is also incredible . the servers could be a bit friendlier , but they 're quick and provide great service . they 're probably exhausted as this place is usually packed . the decore is simple yet gives a cozy homey feeling which adds to the warm fuzzy feeling i get eating their food . did i mention how yummy the piri piri is ? only 2 downfalls : no parking and the dank washrooms in the basement . but it is usually the norm in that area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't think i 've ever tried portuguese food , but churrasco really embodied a warm , casual european vibe . we had less than an hour to eat , but our server was very nice and we our food arrived within five minutes of ordering . we both requested chicken , which you can pair with two of the following sides : rice pilaf , fries , vegetables , or potatoes . i had the fries and veggies , but the chicken definitely took the spotlight . my portion was slightly burnt on the bottom , but quite juicy and even better with their sauces . overall we were quite content with the filling yet affordable meal . p. s. if you 're driving there is free street parking on roehampton ave. to the north", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my go-to restaurant . whenever i need the ca n't miss place , it has to be here . the menu is n't extensive and it 's a bit too cozy in certain spots in the restaurant , and on the rare occasion , the service is n't 100 % , but this place is great . wonderful fresh cut fries , i double that order whenever i can . stay away from the mixed vegetables and get the rapini instead , it 's a $ 4 charge , but way better than those awful vegetables . but that 's it , otherwise it 's an awesome place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ordered pork ribs and chicken wings . the ribs were smaller than i expected , but the wings were delicious . for the price we paid i expected better quality of ribs and more food . other authentic portuguese items on the menu are worth checking out , but i probably would n't come back , unless i 'm feeling really lazy . for instance , wylie 's pub at 1234 yonge st. offers much better value for your money and they have a $ 13 ribs+wings combo every day , as well as delicious thai food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "slow service and extremely rude staff destroy this eatery with otherwise good food . do not ever try to order takeout or delivery on a sunday night ; your food will never arrive on time ( if at all ) and good luck getting any satisfaction with the folks who answer the phone . they do n't respond and are not customer oriented .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty good ! recommended if you are in the area . try not to sit near the door , constant stream of takeout people can be distracting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place serves the best chicken in toronto , their piri piri puts nando 's to shame , and their bread is perfect vehicle for sopping up every last drop of oily goodness ! ! love that this place is walking distance from home , because i defs need a little walk ( waddle ) after leaving this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent grilled chicken~ ! love the double legs~ ! juicy and well seasoning . have to say that portuguese grilled chicken are the best ! sardines are pretty good too~ my boyfriend said back home they do n't even gut the sardines xd love the passion fruit juicy~ home made piri piri sauce is fabulous too , well balancing of sour and spicy , love it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of my go-to places in the neighbourhood . the chicken sandwiches are great . so are the fries . they have little competition because food at mt pleasant and eglinton leaves a lot to be desired .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their chicken grilled with charcoal is just amazing . yes there are always a line up to get a table , line up for pick up and long wait for delivery ... .it 's because it 's good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a cozy friendly place for delicious chicken . i was craving some food after a cold late afternoon run and a friend recommended churrasco for some amazing chicken . there was n't a line waiting but then again it was around 5pm on a sunday so i was very pleased . i opted for the quarter chicken with the two sides and was very pleased with the chicken and also found their spicy sauce to be amazing . i did n't find the dish complex and if that 's what you 're looking for this probably is n't the place for you . however if you want a nice meal for a reasonal price which fast , friendly service then this place is the right place to be . the chicken may keep me coming for more but i definitely want to try other dishes on the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i refer to this place as `` swiss chalet on crack '' . and for those who know me well , they know how much i like swiss chalet for easy dinners . churrasco has your standard chicken dinner which is what i typically order ( 1 4 chicken , fries , veggies ) , but the chicken is portuguese style so it is much tastier than other places ! the chicken has a great seasoning and the sauce is delicious ! the sauce is a tad on the spicy side for my taste but it 's so good i still put it on everything ! the ribs are also amazing and juicy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for a company lunch a while back and have been back quite a few times since . sadly we do n't go there more often anymore as we 've hired more than a few vegetarians recently , but i still find time to go with friends when i 'm in the mood . the chicken is delicious and comes in various amounts with your choice of sides . their fries are quite good . however the rice was n't exactly to my liking , but i 'm a bit particular about that so i do n't hold it against them . definitely worth a stop if you 're in the area", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the churrasco villa toronto drummettes with fries and vegetables . it was mediocre . i was expecting much better after reading the reviews . my husband had the baby back ribs and chicken combo . ribs were a bit dry . he was also disappointed with the meal . but the service was excellent ! we were a large group and all the food came at the same time . it 's great for children . i would n't go back . i actually prefer swiss chalet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "big fan of the portuguese chicken and roasted potatoes . i used to live in the yonge and eglinton neighbourhood and so would order from here relatively frequently . i have never eaten in the restaurant so can not comment on the service , but have learned that when you 're ordering for pick up you need to specifically ask for utensils as they do not automatically include them in the order . i would also recommend checking you have everything in your order before leaving because multiple times they have forgotten to include the drink i 've ordered but they are always apologetic when i call and let them know . if you 're looking for chicken that 's of a similar ilk as swiss chalet but far more flavourful i would definitely recommend churrasco definitely gets my vote ! their sauces are also super tasty - my mouth is watering just thinking of the sauce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoyed this , the half chicken , rice and roasted potatoes . the sauce was the best part , it tasted like buffalo sauce . i had the mild sauce that might be why it was like buffalo sauce , next time i 'll try the hot . the chicken was a little dry , it was seasoned well though . roasted potatoes were cooked crispy . i might try the roasted vegetables next time rather than the rice as it was a little flavourless . they must change the vegetables , i asked what kind of vegetables they had tonight on girl said one thing and the other named some other vegetables , they double checked and it was neither of the two . i was in there early around 4 , which is likely why they were n't sure on the vegetables . im glad i tried this place , i 've been living here for over 6 years and had never noticed it . i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's smoky , it 's warm , it 's a little greasy & a whole lot meaty . that sauce , oh that sauce . i almost stole mine off the table , then i realized i could buy my own . we always get a chicken & ribs combo to share and a side of sausage . wash that down with a basket of bread dripping in piri-piri and you will just roll your fine self on home & wonder why you 've never been to portugal before ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we rarely come to toronto without a stop in here . the chicken melts in your mouth and their sauce is just hot enough to tingle , but immensely flavourful . we always get a bottle or two to take home . highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there really is only one reason why this place is n't getting 5 stars from me and it was the service . having said that , if i could , i 'd go four and a half stars as it really was n't her fault as the place was jammed full , plus a constant line-up of `` take-outers '' . the chicken was great which begs the question ... what are you doing in the swiss chalet across the street ? ? ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very tasty chicken ! i 'm a huge fan of swiss chalet , so the chicken was on pair with them , however without the chalet sauce . the sauce on the table was interesting , but a previous poster mentioned it was margarine which made me puke in my mouth a little bit . overall , fries were decent , roasted potatotes tasty and the chicken was nice and moist . i thought it would be dry at first because i did n't use much of that yellow sauce but the leg was definitely juicy . service was decent , normal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dinner it was busy with take out clients and those dining inside . what we ordered portuguese sausage with cornbread : sausage was good , but instead of cornbread we got regular bread and were told it was cornbread repeatedly . hate being lied to . pirri pirri chicken with 2 sides- roasted potatoes and veggies : instead of roasted veggies we got some broccoli . steak with the same 2 sides- same issue with he roasted veggie side it took ages for dishes to be served . only positives about this place are decent food & good portion-size for the price-point , decently priced drinks list , they make their own pirri pirri sauce and friendly staff . repeat : not for dine in . maybe for take out . they are better set up for it . however , they seem to take on more than they can handle , and in the process capable of cutting corners . so keep an eye out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've eaten here , on-and-off , for years . it was a go-to place for a while , then their menu and staff changed a couple of years ago . the food remained consistent - great grilled items , very good piri-piri , decent sides , but the value proposition dropped . the new menu included only one side with your main , for more money . so you 're paying a pretty penny compared to the parts of town where portuguese people hang out , but it is yonge & eg , with the associated real estate costs i suppose . the real killer for me was the consistently terrible and occasionally rude service lately . it 's always been a bit tightly packed and not-quite-comfortable , but add the bad service and despite the good food , churrasco has become a take-out only option . they 're asking about parking below - and fyi , there is n't really any convenient parking in the immediate area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "churrasco villa is my go to spot for portuguese-grilled chicken . the chicken is consistently good , their piri piri sauce is the perfect blend of tang and heat ( which i highly recommend picking up some to go ) , but they always seem to be sold out of pastel de natas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i know it sounds gross , but i love their homemade sauce ( which is mostly margarine ) . dip it with bread . dip it with meat . dip it on anything edible . it is one of the few places in town that i have found so far that roast chicken and meat on charcoal ... the flavour is outstanding ! everything off the grill taste great if you like real bbq flavour . the staff is friendly . space is a bit tight , so you might want to arrive early if you are expecting a crowd larger than 4 . this is the go-to-place when i want bbq meat at a reasonable price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best portuguese bbq in the city . real open flame rotisserie . the only negative is there is n't good parking for takeout .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went on a friday a little after 5:30pm and there was plenty of space . previous yelp reviews all made it seem amazing , so i had high hopes ! i ordered the churrasco grilled chicken penne pasta with rose sauce and they ordered the half chicken meal with rice and the seasonal vegetables . the pasta sauce was very thick and creamy and their portion size was large . the chicken was n't that flavourful and the cuts were rather small . the half chicken meal was apparently flavourful , but dry and the rice and vegetable sides were okay , but nothing too special . service was okay , nothing extraordinary , but i was a little surprised to find the environment of the restaurant rather loud , both from other customers but also the open grill kitchen environment . overall , nothing too special , so do n't think i 'll be back soon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered delivery from them chicken dish with rice and potatoes . it 's cheap but overcooked and pretty bland .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "- nice place ( but small ) - good service - reasonable prices - good amount of food - very tasty ( half chicken , pasta with chicken creamy rose sauce ) - not too many options in the menu", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the chicken , and the 'hot sauce ' that goes with it and everything else ! love the potatoes . love the portuguese tarts for dessert ! i mean i guess i can see why it 's overall an acquired taste and that some sceptics come and do n't see what the big deal is . i think it 's just a preference thing . like how some people do n't like swiss chalet and their chicken sauce . to each their own , but me love churrasco ! fair word of warning they have an open kitchen so you will indeed smell of smoke and bbq !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "churrasco is my go to place in the yonge and eglinton area because of the amazing food . i took my wife there for the first time and order the platter for sharing and it was amazing . the food and service was great and the piri piri sauce was amazing and made from scratch , they sell them individually so i ended up buying a bottle of mild . i wish they had the fish fillet dinners like other churrasqueiras but i was extremely satisfied with the food and service . definitely worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my chicken was dry and the vegetables looked like they were canned . the decor leaves a lot to be desired . our server left my glass empty the entire time meanwhile there were two other people in the restaurant . not worth it . almost $ 50 for two basic chicken meals and a beer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the best spots in toronto for sure . their specialty is the charcoal roasted chicken , there are lots of side options to choose from . the best part of this spot in my opinion is their hot sauce . every time i get takeout , i buy two of them on the side . they are not cheap , $ 7 , but im hooked . they stay good for up to three months in the fridge . my only complaint is the chicken and rib combo , the ribs were small and i did n't get very many . for $ 21 , i felt kinda ripped off . the other combo options are reasonably priced for portion sizes . every single person i 've taken there or had takeout with has loved it . 100 % recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so this place is great for people who love a whole meat fest . grilled chicken , ribs , and more . plus the sides are great . kinda noisy for a talking , but hey - you 're here to chomp on those wings . make sure to get the hand cut fries . best thing ever .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delivery sucks ! the food is good but always arrives cold as ice and stuff missing . i 've ordered a few times and it 's always the same problem so not a fluke . the breast and wings did n't come with any wings , and what was supposed to be a double order of fries was barely enough as one order . sorry , churrasco , that 's my last time ordering for delivery .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this restaurant is my go to in my neighborhood when i have a craving for portuguese charcoal grilled chicken . i have n't dine there only take out . i call ahead and it 's usually ready in 30 mins . their piri piri is not too spicy for me and the chicken is juicy and succulent . makes my mouth water just thinking about it . they certainly know how to do chicken right . give them a try and do n't forget to ask them for the piri piri sauce . it 's all about the sauce .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's good . good chicken . that 's all that matters right ordered double leg and thigh with salad and fries . the chicken was pretty good . cooked just right and the charcoal adds a nice flavour . i actually did n't enjoy the peri peri sauce that much . was n't that spicy and too much vinegar . i 've definitely had much better sauce at other places fries were meh but good meal overall . i 'd come back just wo n't be craving that much", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food , great value . i came here many times . they have enough room to host an average 15-20 person group and they have plenty of space on the lower floor . the service has always been good . you really ca n't go wrong here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just get the whole chicken and forget the sides . best charcoal grilled chicken in toronto but their sides are not worth it . sure beats the rotisserie churrasco .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food and service . get the drummets which are tremendous . also half chicken dinner with the veggies is very satisfying . i usually get delivery but finally sat down there and the server was very kind and attentive , most important part of this place is the heeri peeri sauce , put it on everything , i like the spicy one but they have a milder one for those that do n't want too much kick", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always go to this place and order take out , so by far service has been good , i get my order taken promptly after i come in , after that i just wait about 7-10 minutes and the food is ready . the chicken is juicy , delicious with a nice charcoal taste , the rice is very good as well , roasted potatoes are average , their piripiri sauce is average , i had better before .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there for a group dinner after a seminar at the recommendation of one of the group . the decor was simple but the smell of the food cooking was so good . we were seated at the back and for 9 pm it was filled with diners . i ordered the quarter chicken dinner . when it arrived it was perfectly crisp was delicious delicious vegetables and potatoes on the side i was really amazed how nice it was . some of the other diners ordered the beef ribs and they look like something from a fred flintstone story huge amazing delicious looking beef ribs . i almost wish i had ordered some but i was n't that hungry . i ordered a bottle of portuguese beer to go with meal and was very happy with the entire deal . overall it cost me just around $ 25 including tax and tip a pretty fair exchange for the food i received highly recommend it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boss is crazy about this place . i think they 're meh . i find that their chicken is a bit dry . their veggies are always overcooked . their rice is nothing fancy , same as their potato and fries . i 'd take nando 's over them any day . i do enjoy their peri-peri sauce though . my food just swims in that every time i have their food ... since i find everything else meh . since my boss just loves the place , we order from them at least every other month ... it 's always the same , bland experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is a hidden gem for most of toronto . it is truly next-level amazing . try the hot piri-piri sauce . i really do n't think this place needs reviews , it 's just that great . what can you say about perfect bbq chicken ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they 're closed right now cause of the construction on eg which kind of sucks . churassco villa is one of my favorite places to eat . hope they open soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there with a large group of people . usually when you do that and they are not ready for it , the quality goes down , and it seemed to this time . the bbq ribs were burnt and the chicken was bland . the special sauce they leave on the table made it very good but if you do n't like spice , do n't bother with it . if i were to try the place again , i would go in with a small group and use the sauce at the beginning of the meal , not near the end . the side dishes were boring as well .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "okay , here it goes.. as a lover of bbq chicken , this location compared to it 's sisters and competitors is a clear winner . people talk about nando 's , but they do n't come close in quality . chicken is crispy and tender , sides are good . i love that open flame grille atmosphere . i just wish the piri-piri was a bit more spicy.. haha recommendation : bbq sardinha 's information before you go : no parking at the front of the restaurant , so you will have to look for a green p ( just a 5min walk ) , the seating is tightly spaced & there is an open flame grille , so be cautious of what you wear .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food , can not be denied . however , service is appalling ! they treat you like they 're doing you a favour ! food is very overpriced and twice already they have not included all the items in my take-out order . i know , shame on me for not checking my bags , but i would expect a business to have better quality control . with other churrasco options in the city , i can not recommend going here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely fantastic chicken . when you 're eating corporate , fast-food chain grub , some part of you knows that originally , that soulless food came from something significantly better . the big mac that just ca n't possibly compare to the homemade hamburger patty with fresh cheese . well if you 're ever wondering where that swiss chalet sauce and chicken came from , this is it ( warning : i have no idea whether they have anything to do with each other ) . this is the best grilled chicken i 've ever had , with some of the most addictive sauce i 've ever tasted . the wood fired grill really comes through with each bite . go here , get the massive meat platters , and be happy you did . wings , seafood , everything is great off that grill . and the smell coming from the kitchen ... heart and soul , that 's what it is . just make sure you get reservations . this place is full , and deservedly so .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best churrasco restaurants in uptown toronto . very well priced . offers takeout and delivery . hidden gem : chicken wings and `` chewy '' ribs . one of few places to serve stick-to-the-bone ribs in the city . enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first and foremost i 'd like to say how much my children and i love this denist office , specially dr baboia . he is genuinely friendly , caring and always remembers us each time we go in which means alot . i have been taking my children to this office since 2010 , and i never have any complaints when it comes to seeing dr baboia and his dental assistants . they go above and beyond to explain everything in detail and treat my children and myself with respect . i dont know if i can express my gratitude enough . thank you phoenix pediatric dental and dr baboia ! i reccomend this denist more then i 've ever recommended any business that is how awesome they are !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mein essen war ganz okay . der inhalt von der pizza calzone meiner freunde war noch roh . kellner war unfreundlich und frech .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "beste pizza im kreis bb ! durchg\u00e4ngig top qualit\u00e4t . preis leistung einfach unschlagbar", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is tasty but not exceptional . portions are enormous ! the middle age women waitress ( owner ? ) is pretty snippy and short with customers . the elderly male waiter is a gem so sweet with my kids and friendly in general .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hat jemand mal 3 tage nichts gegessen und m\u00f6chte wirklich gerne pizza & pasta satt ? dann unbedingt zu da pipo gehen . ein recht gem\u00fctliches lokal , kleine bis grosse tische , nebenraum mit rauchm\u00f6glichkeit , im ug noch kegelbahnen . die preise sind in anbetracht der portionen sehr angemessen , normalerweise ist es zu viel und eine pizza kann eigentlich von zwei personen gegessen werden . salate sind ebenso gross und gut , hervorragend hat mir die minestrone geschmeckt ( nat\u00fcrlich auch in xxl ) . wer also gerne mehrg\u00e4ngig ist , der sollte den rest mitnehmen , es schmeckt auch noch am n\u00e4chsten tag . die bedienung ist freundlich und weisst auch schonmal auf die gr\u00f6sse der portionen hin , wenn man viel bestellt ( suppe , salat und pizza oder pasta ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "die besitzerin war fr\u00fcher nett , nun ist sie zickig ! man wird von ihr nicht mehr zum tisch begleitet . pizzakarton kostet aufpreis , aber nicht immer . wenn man zahlt ist sie unfreundlich . das essen ist aber gut .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm always on the lookout for new coffee places in the valley that are n't a chain . this place is unique and extremely new . we went early in the morning and they were working on hanging wall fixtures . other than the the staff was extremely attentive and friendly . we ordered the salted creme brulee lattes . since the torch the top you have to have it there at the shop . it is nice since it helps you take a break from your busy day to relax . we also decided to split a mini almond croissant . it sure was n't little , i wonder what the regular size is . the pastry was perfect , fresh and great to share . lastly the decor is nice since it has that rustic modern look . we loved the feel of the place and ca n't wait to see it become more lively . we will definitely be returning soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hooray for new coffee ! well , let me say , new coffee shop , as they use an established local roaster for their beans ( cortez i think ) . this shop is large , very large , and has a giant case of pastries . i have been twice , the lattes have been delicious both times ( or maybe once i got a cortado ? ) and the pastries have ranged from omg amazing to very good . the first time we came , i got the espresso brownie ... . took it home , ate it 1-2 days later ... . i thought i had died it was so delicious . just rich chocolate with walnuts and pecans ... . trust me , it was great . the next time , i had the nutella pie , which was good , but heavy on the whipped cream and brought another brownie home . ate it the next day ... . not as good as the first go around , but good . i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm totally vibing this place ! the open design allows lots of room for all customers to have their personal space to study . everything is made from scratch -- yum ! prices are reasonable for the quality . friendly staff and not pretentious like other coffee shops . the barista seemed happy to talk about the items on the menu and patiently waited before i made my selections . my friend , with an undeniable sweet tooth , enjoyed the salted br\u00fbl\u00e9e latte . the torched sugar on top was a nice touch . i ordered the cold brew flight with the ethiopian , apple cinnamon , blackberry-lavender , and coconut . awesome ! when did coffee flights become a thing ? ! the infused flavors were creative and refreshing . i loved the coconut cold brew so much that i took a growler ( huge a $ $ jug ) of it back to la with me . the ferrero cookie was bombdotcom . the walnut blondie was a delicious pairing with coffee . coffee and pastries are two of my favorite things , and this place does both very well . i 'm obsessed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is exactly the coffee shop i 've been waiting for . the cold brew selection is fantastic and the coffee is delicious beyond reason . the vibe of hazelrock is what i 'm always looking for : fun and hip , but also laid back . i love a place where i can pull out a laptop and get some work done but also just chill and relax with a friend over coffee . it ca n't be overstated how flavorful and rich the coffee is . i really enjoy cartel , but as far as i 'm concerned , nothing in tempe is beating hazelrock right now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has excellent coffee , good service , and very fresh modern design . i 'm a fan ! they could use more power outlets though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if your very hipster and into the bike on table aesthetic this place is for you . i consider myself an advid coffee drinker . but this place ... it was so gross . i didnt understand the menu at all . under cold brewed coffees it just named a third world country . the staff was incredibly friendly and the sweets are delicious . just dont go for the coffee . its a place youd see in a weird indie film in the poetry slam night scene .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was super cute and in a great location . until it closed . forever . at least that 's what these signs make it seem like . i have definitely not heard of any relocation . bummer : (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a relatively new place next to einstein bagels and sushi 101 . the inner decor is very relaxing and spacious . great place to work or have a snack . their baked goods are awesome with the coffee . my favorites are the tiramisu and nutella tart .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quaint place with lots of space , tables and chairs to study and relax in . the drinks are pricey but their sweets are pretty reasonable . i came on a saturday and i feel like the choices we 're not as extensive and some of the popular items were not available . but i still enjoyed the thrriple chocolate muffin i got ( 50 % off ! ) to top it off , they are open a lot later than other coffee shops in the area which is a huge plus !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for as much as you pay at starbucks for sub-par coffee and over processed crap , skip that place and come here ! ! this place is pretty amazing . i have tried several different concoctions suggested by the staff . their cold brews and pour overs are amazing . you must try their hazelnut milk ! it is infused with dates ! the pastries ... omg . delicious ! the only complaint i have is that they do n't have any gluten free options or breakfast lunch foods yet . when they do , i will be in coffee heaven . the place is pretty low key and great to study as well ! you must try it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hazelrock was such a sweet surprise ! went in for the first time this morning and could not have been happier . i ordered the coconut cold brew which was sweet but not overpowering and not too acidic . my friend enjoyed the sumatra cold brew as well . the barista was super knowledgable and friendly when explaining all of the different flavors and brews they offer . the space is huge and has large clean tables that are perfect for getting work done , and the ones along the wall has access to outlets . overall , i can see myself coming here a lot to meet friends or post up and get some work done . def worth a visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food : wonderful friends : yes dates : yes decor : modern , industrial , and hip amazing ! and all i have to say is it 's about time . real coffee with delicious treats . the asian-inspired twist is a big hit for us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm going to keep this review simple . you have to go to this place . i had a cold brewed apple cinnamon infused coffee . i did n't know if i would even like it . the flavor was complex and extraordinary . the gentleman serving up the delicious brew offered me homemade almond milk in place of ordinary half and half that i would ordinarily take . it was damn near divine . yes , i left the prior sentence sitting out there all alone on purpose . if you like coffee or tea ( their teas are awesome too ! ! ! ) , you must try this place . do this . go to this place . it is a must ! i 'm telling you ... get a coffee flight and savor every last drop . you wo n't be sorry you made the trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place has a great atmosphere ! must try the vietnamese milk tea . the pastry is well made . must try the ferrero cookie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a frequent starbucks drinker , but i think hazelrock might be my new favorite place ! not only is there coffee good , but they have so many pastries to choose from ! and they all taste so home-made ! i had the chocolate chip cookie , the brownie , and a slice of the fruit tart . the fruit tart was so good and refreshing ! ! the coffee here is great ! nice strong flavor and a lot of flavor options to make each cup your own . they also have an earl grey tea with milk and honey that was super good ! i have never added milk to my tea , but it 's totally going to be my new thing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a-maz-ing ! ! ! try the infused coffees with the owners homemade almond macadamia nut milk , sweetened with infused fresh dates ! ! all natural , no artificial flavoring ! apple jacks was my favorite ! this place is a must try ! the owner is extremely passionate about what he creates ! wish there were more places like this !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all prices are high , i ordered a 16 oz hot soy latte and paid $ 5.75 plus tax for it . regular 16 oz latte was $ 4.25 . i had it served in an in-house mug . i am guessing the mug could not hold more than 12 ounces . not only that , it took forever to get the drinks done and then they were cold ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good staff and knowledgeable baristas . as i sit here , it occurs to me that i 've only had the cold iced drinks . they were good , but i 'd imagine i 'll enjoy the hot drinks even more , as they 're made to scaa ( and soon to be scea ) specifications . their ferraro cookies are fantastic , and the tiramisu provided a good counterpoint to the coffee . the music can be a bit intrusive for a subdued conversation , and there could be more comfortable chairs , but this is a place that seems focussed on small-batch , in-house food and drink , and they do these well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is fab . great atmosphere , lattes and pastries ! i grabbed an iced vanilla latte which is made with vanilla made in-house and an oatmeal pie ! so yummy . the latte was incredible ! lots of space , which is good ! do n't have to worry about not having a place to sit ! definitely recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really cool modern coffee house that opened in tempe . `` hispter hangout '' . a neat place to hangout and relax . i love the design and decor . staff was very friendly . the royal milk tea was delicious and they had a wide selection of drinks , everything is freshly made and delivered to your table . all the pastries looks super good also . we tried the mango snow since we are huge snow fans critic 's . the snow was good , had lots of flavor and color but it not textured like the tridational tawainess shaved ice . but worth another try . will come back to try their pastries and a different drink .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place ! ! the atmosphere is very unique and fun . there was lots of art and interesting decor to look at ! customer service was great ! brandy was our barista and she was super nice ! the coffee was great ( vanilla latte ) and so was the almond croissant that i had ! i would definitely come back , i want to try everything on the menu now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing the coldbrews are so fresh and good with exotic flavor a to differ them from your typical cold brew ! and the old fashion oatmeal cream pie will send you spiraling back to a child like sense with memories of bringing your packed lunch to elementary school ! but 1000x better then the packaged cream pies ! highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had just gotten my hair cut and was headed to get bagels when i saw a sign for this new place in cornerstone and thought `` might as well check it out , support local . '' quite glad i did . got a blueberry and lime iced tea and blueberry muffin to go . they were both excellent and the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable . will definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wo n't ever go back to this place . i ordered a coffee flight , at 10 am and they were out of one of them . so i only received 3 for the price of four . they offered me a free pastry , which was nice , but since i had already eaten one , that was hard to stomach , was n't at all what i wanted . my boyfriend ordered the white chocolate mocha , which was served with spoiled milk . when i let the batista know , she indicated that i did n't know what sour milk , tastes or smells like , and suggested that it was the real white chocolate that they use . ( there is n't such a thing as real white chocolate ) and surely it should n't taste like spoiled milk . 17 dollars later i left very very dissapointed wanting dutch brothers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a little expensive . the cold brew coffee is an experience . i had the ginger coffee which had a nice spicy kick , very different from anything i 've tried . their shaved ice is awesome and melt in your melt , really delicious flavor and perfect if paired with some fresh fruit or the fruit syrup . have n't tried the sweets , only brewed coffee and shaved ice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere for studying , employees are super nice and helpful , and the drinks and pastries are high quality . they have a huge selection of drinks and pastries , which is impressive since almost everything is made from scratch . great concept and design , it 's a beautiful space ! employees also have good taste in music .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in today and got the salted br\u00fbl\u00e9e latte which was very delicious . my friend got a cold brew with coconut milk i believe and that on the other hand was kind of strange tasting . did not try their baked items but they looked very good . however i read one of the other comments that stated that they do n't do flavored lattes , not sure if that is true but if it is that is very disappointing . all in all , i had a good first experience here but will perhaps update after further visits .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you guys ... they make their perfectly-piped pastries and almond macadamia nut milk in-house ... that 's just how i had to start this review . but seriously , this place is a winner . the set-up is unlike any other coffee shop . it 's open but you find yourself in your own world once you sit down . during our first visit , my boyfriend and i ordered a chai and banana bread . the chai was a 4 5 but the banana bread was so good , we went to order another one . the girl at the counter gave us another banana bread for half off and threw in a coffee cake for free ... just because ! i 've gotten a few lattes and drip coffees since , and they 've all been pretty tasty ! this is the spot for you if you 're in your twenties , looking for a comforting baked good , need your coffee in a rush , or need a place to work study . we probably come here twice a week now . highly recommended : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the best blueberry muffin i 've ever had ! flavor texture was perfect and it was n't too sweet like most places make them . the barista was super friendly , patient , and helpful . coffee was rich and flavorful . ca n't wait to go back to try other pastries and some of their other coffee options !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vietnamese on ice yummy ! a bit sweet so sweet . give this place a try it 's well worth it ! seattle girl", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved the decor and vibe . had the salted brulee latte and a walnut blondie per first-timers recommendation from the barista . the latte was great , though a little sweet for me- i loved the addition of the sugar to get that brulee 'crunch ' . the blondie was good , but all too sweet for me ... i 'll try a muffin or coffee cake next time . definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have tried a number of their sweets and iced beverages , all delicious ! tried their matcha snow and it was spectacular ! owner and staff do a fantastic job ! highly recommend supporting this local small business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if their tiramisu cake is any indication of their other sweets , i 'll be back very soon and often . the cake was light and flavorful yet not too sweet and just the right balance of cocoa on top . i ca n't wait to try their other sweets ! thanks hazelrock ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool coffee shop , great coffee and the cakes and such are amazing too ! i had a cold brew coffee my first time and it did n't disappoint . since then i 've tried a ton of drinks and have not been let down . lots of space and tables to hang out and an amazingly comfortable couch that simply invites a nap , although not appropriate it seems .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "checked this place out because of my friends facebook post . it was kinda hard to find . this place is very spacious inside and i love the design . you can tell its new cause the waiters do n't know the menu by heart yet . they were excited to make snow for the first time and they did n't know hot cocoa was on the menu . overall the service was great , environment was cool , and tasted good . i hope they ramp up marketing so it thrives in this competitive college town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "made for 19 and under . this place suffers from an identity crisis between boba tea and pour overs . not for us , just not an ideal coffee place for coffee lovers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to this cafe with a friend without any expectations and i was pleasantly surprised . the cafe is hip and trendy and the staff was very friendly . the salted caramel latte and the fruit tart were very good . i will definitely go back to try the other pastries and shaved ice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously excellent cold brew coffee . the orange zest & vanilla was citrus-y & sweet . infusing the cold brew instead of adding a syrup takes more effort , but makes for a superior drink . ca n't wait to try the rest of the flavors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place , good food , friendly staff . the espresso brownie and ferraro cookie were too good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this place . it 's a welcome addition to the asu area because i 've been getting tired of the other coffee shop that 's close by . it 's nice and open with lots of seating , fast wifi , and they have yummy desserts . my only gripe is that they close at 9 pm and they are closed for winter break . at least stay open until 10pm ... .this is a college town guys .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the iced mint tea is very refreshing and the normal ( not flavored ) cold brew is also very good . i tried the coconut flavored cold brew the first time i went and it was ... weird . the flavors do n't meld in a pleasing way . their normal cold brew has a great flavor , it 's not too acidic . i like the location , and it is a great place for studying , with lots of tables and outlets . i had been there a few times before and always had great service ( one of the baristas , emily , always gives good recommendations ) but on my last visit , one of the male baristas was very rude and condescending . i probably wo n't be back , because i am uninterested in feeling judged for what i order . it would have definitely been my daily study spot this summer , had it not been for him .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "neben dem restaurant selbst gibt es eine kleine eisdiele , direkt auf der stra\u00dfenecke ( parkpl\u00e4tze reichlich vorhanden , u-bahn haltestelle `` mineralb\u00e4der '' in 2 min . erreichbar ) . diese eisdiele verf\u00fcgt \u00fcber einige wenige kleine tische , die f\u00fcr uns zusammengeschoben wurden und wir hatten f\u00fcr unsere monatssitzung das lokalchen f\u00fcr uns allein - ein besonderer , netter service ! die speisekarte bietet schw\u00e4bische deutsche gerichte . lecker sind die maultaschen , k\u00e4sesp\u00e4tzle , die tomatenscremesuppe und die salate . alles wird frisch zubereitet und ist qualitativ und geschmacklich sehr \u00fcberzeugend . dazu ein netter service - passt alles !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ein kleines bistro gegen\u00fcber der beiden schwimmb\u00e4der mineralbad berg und leuze . ge\u00f6ffnet ist es von 10h bis 24h hier gibt es fr\u00fchst\u00fcck , kaffee und kuchen , diverse gerichte von maultaschen bis hin zu raffinierten kleinigkeiten und salaten in verschiedenen variationen ... im sommer kann man ganz nett drau\u00dfen sitzen aber drinnen ist es auch ok. innen gibt es eine moderne theke , wenn man nur was trinken m\u00f6chte is das ganz praktisch . und lotto kann man hier auch gleich noch spielen ... es ist zwar kein szenelokal aber das essen ist echt prima und es gibt auch immer ein paar nette raffinierte sachen die nicht auf der karte stehen und der kuchen am nachmittag ist echt gut ... allerdings ziehe ich einen punkt ab , weil das ambiente innen sehr k\u00fchl auf mich wirkt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wir haben heute mit 7 personen hier super lecker gegessen . f\u00fcr jeden war etwas dabei von schnitzel \u00fcber salat und spaghetti bis hin zu tellers\u00fclze . die bratkartoffeln als beilage waren klasse . sonderw\u00fcnsche und nachschlag ( bratkartoffeln ) inbegriffen . das essen kam schnell und gleichzeitig . alle bedienungen waren freundlich und aufmerksam wir haben uns wohlgef\u00fchlt und kommen gerne wieder .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is strictly a review for the chick who does nails . she did a fantastic job with my shellac manicure ! i appreciate the attention to detail . gel manicures are a bit more expensive but if i 'm going to pay to have my nails done at all i 'd rather pay a bit more and have the manicure last for two weeks instead of the two days regular polish tends to last on me . however some manicure-ists do n't get as close to the cuticle and it looks really grown out by the end of the week , or they do n't cover the tips and it chips quickly , or they let the edges build up and it peels off faster . she did none of these things , the manicure looks great , and i 'm happy ! ( she does n't have the hugest selection of colors , but at least for gel i thought it was sufficient ; if you 're getting a normal polish manicure you might think about bringing a color if you 're picky . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for a hair cut and coloring for over two years . leah and the other stylists are great . very professional environment , ample parking on the street or nearby . i 'm often complimented on my hair style and appearance ... ..thank you , barberia !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my car here to see why it was making a funny noise when i drove and wanted a second opinion . i was quoted at another place for 180 $ for the fix , but was hesitant and took my car here . after dropping my car off after work , i get a call the next morning saying the same thing was wrong that my first mechanic said and that it would cost me 664 dollars ! ! ! ! ! that is way too much for my budget so i will be sticking to my first mechanic and staying away from this place . even though it is highly rated through aaa i bet the service is great , but just greatly overpriced : -", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just got my oil changed here as well as brake pads replaced and was very satisfied with both the quality and speed of the service and staff . the people at the front were really friendly and i did not feel as if they were pushing all sorts of unimportant fixes on me like some mechanics do . they also offer a shuttle for people to get back home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never once left here thinking that i was taken advantage of . which lets face it ... .is everyones first concern when they leave their vehicle someplace to get work done . they can be busy , but they work quick . i have taken the 3 vehicles i have owned here . i will chose airpark auto over any other place . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a friendly and professional shop . i took my van in and showed them what the problem was . they called me back to let me know what they found and when they would work on it . the quoted me the parts and labor . when they tested it they found the other issue i told them about . they did n't stop until they they had fixed both problems . they did n't over charge on either parts or labor . they gave me a free ride home when i dropped it off , too . over all i am very impressed and will go there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys held my son 's car for nearly a week without even looking at it . had the bmw toed there on tuesday . wednesday : still have n't looked , you 're next , tomorrow morning . thursday : still have n't looked , tomorrow morning . friday at lunch we stopped in , still had n't looked at it , we took it with us . i 'm sure these guys are great , but we had a terrible experience . do they really think it 's acceptable to hold a car for nearly a week w o even diagnosing it ? what century are these guys from ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we moved to the area 2 years ago and are so lucky to have found airpark auto . very friendly service , excellent quality of work , and good , honest people . if you 're looking for a trustworthy place with competitive prices then look no further . you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . very customer centric . not like going to a dealership . totally trust these guys . highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! i just had the oil changed in my car and was out in less than 30 minutes . called this morning , made a 1:00 pm appointment , got there a bit late - 5 mins . - and was given fabulous customer service . i use synthetic oil in my car . the price was reasonable already , but they gave me the coupon discount and it made it even better . they offered to rotate the tires , but i just had them done 3 weeks ago . next time i 'll do it all here . thank you kevin and team ! definitely a go to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this business via yelp . great reviews so i went on a whim . this is not the place to go , 1. near or at lunch time , and , 2. if you only want a quick oil change . i specifically said i did n't want my tires rotated ( i am actually getting new tires tomorrow morning ! ) but they did it anyway and the counter guy argued with me . he said it did n't take any `` extra '' time which i ca n't believe . i was there over an hour and while i appreciate all the 'extras , ' i was n't told it would take so long . they even applied my insurance company 's sticker on my window . the women working the counter exited for lunch and there was virutally no customer 'service ' while i was waiting . then their printer broke and i had to wait for that to be fixed as well . hoping i got a fluke bad experience . i might go back for service work but not for an oil change .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am not sure where the great reviews are coming from but pay attention to the bad reviews because my experience was the same . basically , expect these guys to get you in to their shop under the auspices of some minor repair . expect to pay more than quoted or expect that they will find additional work that `` needs to be done '' . either way stay away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very friendly and very helpful . i have recommended airpark auto to family and friends , they have all had great experiences . when i lived in scottsdale , it was my `` go to '' place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very helpful and friendly . had problems with my ac and they got me in quickly as no ac in phoenix summers suck and fixed my car while i was at work . they worked with me to pick up my car later hours also since i had to work late . awesome place will continue taking my car there for any issues i have !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was one of the most professional auto shops i have ever dealt with . unlike gmc down the street , who begs its customers for five star ratings with annoying surveys , this shop treats every customer with respect ( including females ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone was so nice ! they took me to and from my place ... honored a coupon ... and we 're just great ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are amazing ! ! i 've been going here for a few years and everyone is so great ! kevin and his crew are always so helpful ! they never seem to try to sell you up like other places and their prices are reasonable . definitely a 5 star place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going here for 20 years , and have been treated like family since the beginning . they are not cheap , but the quality is excellent , and they get the work done when they promise . they have fixed innumerable tires for me , handled a problem that came up during an emissions inspection , and solved a dozen rattles , all gratis . perhaps best of all , if you do n't need expensive repairs , they will tell you so -- many times they have suggested cheaper alternatives . my son actually worked there one summer doing cleanup and driving people home , so i got all of the inside dirt . aside from what he swept up , there was n't any . hard to believe , but for once , true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cant beat the service or customer service , i deal mostly with aaron , but everyone is very willing and very knowledgeable.you can not go wrong having your car serviced at airpark auto . ps nadine is also a super person , get to meet her . d0n", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my car to airpark because of the nice things i read on yelp . they took care of the problem , noted other things i might want to get fixed in the near future , and other things longer term that would be coming up . put it all in writing , so i do n't forget . very nice , honest people . i will return and i will refer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brought my work truck in , 200+ thousand miles , beat up , work truck . after having a less than pleasant experience at another garage , word of mouth brought me here . i could n't say a bad word as there is n't one to say . the customer area is clean and the folks in the shop are well-mannered . add shuttle service within ten miles and i say you 've got a winner . they fixed what was wronged by the other garage . as well , they showed me what had been done before they had performed the work . i appreciated it . i 'll be bringing my vehicle woes to these guys from here on out . thanks a bunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in with a belt or pulley noise . they changed the tensioner and serpentine belt . i told them i had a new belt put on 2 months ago . they said it had to be changed but did n't tell me why . well noise is still there . they changed something that did n't need fixing . even after changing it the noise was obvious but their mechanic must not be bright enough to hear it . if you need a obvious part swapped for a overpriced , basic knowledge mechanic , go here . if you need diagnostic work done , skip this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "most of us rightfully dread taking our cars in for repair . but now your worries are over because : a ) you can trust that they will not sell you parts or service you do n't need b ) they will tell you if you can wait on a non-critical service , and for how long c ) their prices are fair and less than dealership prices d ) they will tell you if there is a service you need that they can not perform , and will recommend someone . e ) they will give you a courtesy ride to from your home or other destination within a reasonable distance of their shop . in short , if it is n't covered under your car brand 's warrantee , go to airpark first .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "air park auto is good if you only need an oil change . repairs are way overpriced and the mechanics seem to be transient . the real estate costs must be high in this area because their labor and parts costs are quite high compared to others .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the best auto repair place ! great service and you leave feeling like they did n't take advantage if you . replaced my side mirror for much less than the dealer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my car to the dealership and was quoted almost $ 1000 to fix the issue . i left and found these guys on my phone . i showed up with no appointment and they gave me a quote that was a fraction of what the dealership quoted . they had the problem fixed in an hour . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are the best ! ! ! i have been a customer for approximately 15 years . the service has never let me down . i have always found that if they told you that you needed something repaired , you do . my daughter 's car was towed to the aaa shop on hayden in scottsdale . they provided a written estimate for over $ 700 . she was told she needed among other things , a battery a starter and a brake flush . i had the car taken to airpark . they checked everything and found that it only needed a battery and an oil change and a tire rotation . the final bill came to $ 230 , nearly $ 500 less than aaa quoted . this is a shop with the highest integrity . aaron , craig and kevin were great . give them a try , you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want to thank you for helping my wife with her pt cruiser problem . we live south of tucson and away from our local mechanic . you diagnosed her check engine light problem , reset and she was on her way . i 'm so glad to see there are honest shops around where service is # 1 . i hope this review brings you more business . you deserve it . paul k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is very hard to find an auto store that provides great service . it was late on a thursday night when my car would not start . so i was freaking out because i knew no places would be open . luckily , i looked on yelp and found this place which had great reviews . i was able to drop off my car that same night and leave my keys in their drop box . they worked on my car the next day , found the problem , fixed it , and i got it back that night . i am very pleased with this place . quick service and affordable . i will definitely take my car back here next time i have a problem . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "broken trust . i , m a longtime customer and i trust this company no more . i 'm a women ( senior citizen ) and i feel that some repairs were n't necessary or not done correctly or not done at all . airpark auto is not pleasant to deal with when it comes to stand behind their work . warranty time limit expires but the mileage is not . ( 12months or 12000 miles ) i also had to bring the car back after service to resolve workmanship problems .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very friendly guys over the phone and in person . my ride broke down on the side of the road next to the shop . they helped me wheel it in , realized it was a simple electric issue an hooked me up with what i needed . no upsells , no pressure , just quick friend service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had dined in here years ago and were not thrilled about it , but this place is super close to our house so the wife and i decided to give it a second shot- better ! we got some wings , a turkey sandwich , a gyro and a salad and they were all surprisingly good . prices are in line with what you would expect and they only have a $ 1.95 delivery charge which is cool . my wife placed the order and said that the person on the phone was one of the nicest people that have taken a delivery order in general in a long time ... so they get points for making the wife happy : ) definitely a good option for those `` no way we 're cooking '' nights .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as stated in another post , i believe this has closed , and been replaced by rivers american grill , which i gave 4 star for good bar food . apparently they have pizza as well ( guess they left the oven behind ? ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of the very few food places near where we live . while it 's not a particularly great pizza place , it 's not bad either . there are tables inside and the staff is generally friendly . they have a nice-sized lcd on one wall where patrons can watch whatever game is on . the pizza is serviceable , though not remarkable . they serve lunch and have quite a few specials . we probably get pizza from here once or twice a month .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "super friendly and quick service . i honestly do n't have a lot to say but the point . i would n't have found it without the yelp offer before i had to go to the dmv . $ 10 for a smog test with yelp . worth every penny.. but would have gladly paid the $ 25 for the outstanding service and time efficiency .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in today because i noticed my brake & headlight was out the night before . remembered that i had purchased a yelp deal ( $ 10 for $ 25 ) , and decided i might as well use it for this ! came in and brandon checked out the car and stated there was an issue with the electrical on one of my lights ( it 's an 11 year old car ) , and he noted that i had 4 lights out instead of 2 . there was some back and forth for the price and labor ( which i thought was higher than it should 've been ) ended up paying 25 for 2 brake lights and a front high beam low beam . opted not to pay 120 for them to fix a light that was n't broken when i showed up .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for an oil change thanks to groupon . went to the sahara and durango location at first but was denied because they said there were too many cars already lined up for an oil change so they were n't able to take me anymore . so we headed to this location & thank goodness , it was n't busy at all & i was taken care of right away . it was a quick registration with my address and phone number . told me it was a 30-minute wait & they kept their word . did n't wait too long . we actually walked over to thrifty ice cream & spent most of our time eating delicious ice cream ! no complaints there ! overall , it was a quick , inexpensive trip . i 'll definitely be back for my smog check here . have to take advantage of their yelp deal this time . ( sidenote : sahara & durango location were friendly as well though ! just a little busier ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased the groupon deal $ 15.99 for an oil change . i was considering going back to jiffy lube with an $ 18 off coupon , but the groupon deal was better . came here ~10am on a saturday and was outta there in less than 30 mins . the guy at the desk was super friendly to all the ppl that came in the shop that day . my car is still running now , so this place gets 5 stars - friendly and quick service ! i also went to a different auto tech for a smog check ( used the yelp $ 10 for $ 25 deal ) . no complaints with auto tech . would come back again if the same deals are offered .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very surprised after reading reviews about the company . i used the $ 10 for $ 25 deal . dawn helped me out and she was a lovely lady ! she also referred me to someone else for a couple issues i.had . i would recommend this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome ! had some issues with my girls car and brought it in for them to determine what needed to be done . had some work done and check engine light came on again a few days after . when i brought it back , they solved the issue and did n't charge me a dime for the labor which ran 3 hours and would 've been almost a couple hundred bucks elsewhere . after being ripped off by countless mechanics all over the place , randy and cory are real professionals in the way they treat their customers . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional . honest . welcoming 3 core things that are hard to find at an auto repair place , but we found it ! thanks dawn ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome service . dawn was awesome at the front desk and the mechanics are the nicest and most informative i 've had in years , keep in mind i used to be a street racer and gear-head 5 days a week in the bay area with my '98 cobra mustang and finding a place that wo n't lie to you about what exactly is needed and recommended . 1 10 at least . highly recommend this place . i paid 35 $ for a group-on . 4 oil changes in one year spaced out by 3,000 miles or 3 months .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a groupon for oil change , people who work there are not honest , they are shady ! they unscrewed some parts to make my car make noises , and i found it out in another car repair shop ! will never go back ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place to go for a smog test . i went close to the end of the day and called to see if they would take me 20 minutes before their closing time . they did ! we 're courteous and got the smog done in no time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lies , lies , lies ! ! ! i took my car in for a water leak . i got a bad vibe when i first walked in . the man up front was on the phone arguing with a dissatisfied customer . i was told my car was leaking in 3 places . hmm..sounded peculiar ! i was quoted $ 1,120 . of course i took my car elsewhere . it cost me $ 380 . it was only leaking from the water reservoir .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'll make this short . used the $ 10 yelp deal for my smog check . the service was outstanding . if i had children , i would trust them babysitting them for me . : - ) but seriously , while i waited , another customer ( honda element ) was told and i 'm paraphrasing , `` there 's nothing wrong with your belt and it does n't need to be replaced . '' the customer , `` but i was told by two different mechanics in two different states that it needs to be replaced . '' autotech dude , `` there 's nothing wrong with it . '' then he took her to the bay to show her . now there are two auto businesses i trust , this one and tony 's http : thecarworksinc.com . oh , and they had free wifi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a yelp deal for my smog- what a great place ! apparently i 'd been here before with another vehicle , i do n't remember- fast , efficient , pleasant , ca n't ask for more ! we 'll be going here for all our smogs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome customer service from dawn and the mechanics . treat you like a valued guest.i will return for future services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it litterally took 5 minutes from smog to cert . i paid through yelp , pulled in , done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in and out without any problems . could n't ask for anything better than fast service and an exceptional deal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a yelp voucher for $ 10 . presented it at auto tech and got my car smogged ! they had me in and out in less than 10 minutes . i had to drive a few miles further , but i would have paid $ 30 for the one by my house , and it had bad yelp reviews .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to a couple different auto techs , this location and staff is by far the most welcoming , professional and helpful . very fast and efficient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to get my oil changed today closer to closing time . i could tell they were busy but ed , at the front desk was afraid he was too busy to get me in . ed worked his magic to get me in and out well before the store closed with a handshake and a smile . excellent customer service ! ! ! you rarely get that kind of service anymore . highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in for some trouble with my ac and some other issues . was pretty sure it was vacuum related , but do n't have the time or patience to figure that out myself . spoke to ed , who was great . he asked if i needed it back that day ( saturday ) , i said i did n't , monday was okay . he called two hours later , it was done , and he only charged me the two hours labor ( $ 150 - the diagnostic would have been $ 100 anyway ) . car 's working great ( thankfully - summer in vegas without ac ? no thanks ) . will definitely return . ed will take care of you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tom was very helpful , crew were nice and friendly , it was a great deal ! got a $ 10 for $ 25 deal , smog done on my check list ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dropped in this morning for a smog check after seeing the $ 10 for $ 25 coupon . the cashier dude was n't very friendly but the $ 10 smog check was a great price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ed , the manager and his mechanics are a good group of guys . i needed to have multiple things done , and ed gave me a great package deal ; he even included a smog test , because i was due for one . i found the work to be thorough , and professionally done . the mechanic who was working on my vehicle , even took some time aside , to answer a few questions i had about how my transmission looked . keep up the good work guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall , i had a good experience here . the auto technician was very friendly and efficient . he was probably done in less than 10 minutes including the friendly chat . came here with a $ 10 groupon for $ 25 smog cert - great deal . the only downside is the guy in the counter processing the paper works does n't look very happy with his job . he took me in without even saying a word , just went with whatever he had to do , and then finally said to wait for a few minutes - very unfriendly . i guess he was too busy watching the college basketball game on tv . other than the counter guy , the smog was straight forward and quick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i purchased a groupon about a week ago and i made my appointment without any issues today . brandon was great ! it was a lot faster this time around which i am very happy about ! overall , great experience , not sure what all the negative reviews are about but maybe they changed up staff ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and very nice , professional people . i will recommend this place to everyone , and this will be the first place i go when i need auto work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little more than walmart for a synthetic oil change , but i 'm willing to pay for great customer service . in and out in less than 20 minutes . friendly people who did n't try to up sell anything . i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the best experience with these guys . they are so transparent with their service , pricing ( which is key ) and how long it will take to service your car . they were so customer focused especially the very friendly an knowledgeable brendon . i would recommend this place to anyone looking for legitimate car service in las vegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and friendly . was easily able to redeem the yelp coupon for a smog test on my phone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i first moved to las vegas last year , i found a coupon for this store on yelp . $ 10.00 for $ 25.00 in service . i used it for a smog . i 've since found their coupons on amazon local for oil changes and brakes . my brake coupon expires 60 days after buying . i decided to take my car and have them do the front brakes . they put it on the rack and the mechanic came in to let me know that i had time before i needed brakes and recommended i wait . they are becoming a mieneke franchise . or already are i believe . i hope they remain as honest and professional under the new franchise rules . btw . found on amazon local ; one year unlimited oil changes with synthetic blend oil for $ 39.00 one axle brake replacement , $ 49.00", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i alway use this auto tech ! ! they do n't rip you off here and dennis really knows what he 's doing ! ! ! good people , great business . i pass an auto tech to go to this specific location , because i know i 'll be taken care of : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding service , competitive prices , fast , efficient , honest work . billy is great to work with , ca n't beat this service shop . had a bunch of work done on our honda passport and they surpassed all expectations , highly recommended !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "j'ai eu un v\u00e9ritable coup de coeur pour ce petit tr\u00e9sor cach\u00e9 du plateau ! c'est un endroit ideal travailler . plusieurs tables , tr\u00e8s \u00e9clair\u00e9 , magnifique terrasse \u00e0 l'arri\u00e8re o\u00f9 on peut s'installer pour travailler au soleil . belle deco vintage , cafe d\u00e9licieux , prix abordables et personnel sympathique . a essayer absolument si vous cherchez un caf\u00e9 sympa pour travailler .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "c'est de loin mon caf\u00e9 pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9 pour travailler ! on peut s'installer sur la terrasse entour\u00e9e d'arbres ou \u00e0 l'ombre sous le gazebo . l'endroit est paisible , chaleureux , on s'y sent chez soi . c'est un petit tr\u00e9sor cach\u00e9 du plateau . bref , un incontournable selon moi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quaint , great food . i got the bagel with lox and an americano . service was a bit slow but not a big concern .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't comment on the laundromat side of things since i 've never used them , but as far as a cafe goes , i really enjoy coming by this place . the food is good , and i 've actually had some nice conversations with the staff , never felt cold . they recently started doing pizzas which are pretty delicious ( choose your own toppings , cheeze , and meat ) and i love the woody environment and terrace . only knock i have is that service can be very slow when busy , they seem a little understaffed at times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what an amazing breakfast ! we will definitely be back . delicious fresh ingredients , fresh baked croissants , artfully arranged fruit . i can just go and on about how great this was .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ambiance relax . excellents croissants . et un plus pour moi , lait d'amandes en substitut au lait dans mon cappuccino . resto simple , mais tr\u00e8s bien situ\u00e9 sur un coin de rue . terrasse agr\u00e9able \u00e0 l '' arri\u00e8re . j'adore .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i were living in montreal for a month in a sublet without laundry . we found this place online and thought it would be a great option for us . we thought we could sit and have a drink while doing our laundry . we were wrong . i was made to feel like a complete idiot and as if i was inconveniencing the staff simply by politely asking if i could purchase detergent . it 's a laundromat - you 'd think that would be a common question . the machines are outdated and it feels more like a boys insider social club than a cafe laundromat . there are definitely better options in montreal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you live in the area ? you get hungry and want to chill out ? you have legs ? then walk your ass over here and sit your ass down . this is the place you walk to , eat and chill out at . they have washing machines , sure , but i 've never used them . coffee is top notch . staff is friendly . service is quick . the terrasse is a nice touch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . unpretentious , yummy food , fresh croissants and good tea selection . the vibe is chill and the back patio is enchanting . great place to study or read .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "blanc du blanc - one third : cafe , back patio shangri-la , and laundromat - rocks ! ive been coming here since shortly after moving onto the plateau : two years ago ! ( on 23 august ! ! wow 2 yrs ! ) the first year ( before having my own flat ) i came regularly for the great ambiance laundromat. , coffee and wifi . this past year i occasion here because i love the big potentiality back patio fertile earth vibes ; and swing by for morning coffee . normally , i have the whole patio to myself ! : great grape vines over head , birds chirp tunery , and dripping gurgles of the small fountain weaving their cool balm through the urban soundtracks and the courting cicadas ! =d the coffee and the few daily fresh baked things are always satisfying . theyre freshly painting the place , and the revitalizing love feels great . a sweet spot on the plateau", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first , we waited 50 min to get our breakfast . note that the cafe was almost empty ( 2-3 other people aside from us ) and we did n't order anything special . then when we got our food and asked the waitress whether they had ketchup ( for our fries , nothing extraordinary , really ) . she was clearly annoyed , said `` no '' , and rolled her eyes . the veggies and the grapes in our breakfast were covered with dust , but the waitress said , `` it is normal '' ( is it , really ? ! ) . i ca n't say that their coffee is super-good either . the other food was tasty , and the terrace is nice . still , never again : there are many more places in plateau and mile end with yummy food and beautiful terraces but where the staff is friendly and the food is n't dirty .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "thank you so much for putting together my wedding ! we loved all the wonderful people in the chapel . great service , professional , friendly and everyone went out of their way for are request ( we had our yorkie in the wedding ) . honestly everyone the service is over the top ! i recommend this chapel over other wedding chapels in las vegas.. thank you ladies : ) mrs. wilburn diethelm", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could n't imagine a more beautiful wedding ! ! i was originally supposed to get married at the crescendo pool , but after seeing the location and having a day be before wedding nervous breakdown we were able to have it at the paradise falls location . the paradise falls was where i originally wanted my wedding and by having less people turn out then i expected i was able to have it again lol . this was such a beautiful , tropical location and everyone at my wedding loved it . i cant wait to come back maybe in a few years and renew my wedding vows here . the staff was very helpful and made the day special . the one negative note is the photographer was pretty terrible and the next day they make you pay a boat load or you do n't get your pictures ! we were blessed to have our brother in law who is a photographer take care of all the pictures after our ceremony that it was n't a huge deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the flamingo garden and falls chapels were beautiful . i was satisfied with the wedding coordinator , kristin . she was quick to respond when i was booking the venue and date however , that was probably the last time i heard from her . i 've had doctor and or hair appointments that will call and confirm a day or so prior to the reservation appointment . you 'd think that would happen with one of the biggest events of your life , but not here . i am more of a diy-er and independent type so i did n't feel like i needed my hand held but i definitely noticed that if i had wanted that , i would have been out of luck !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved my wedding there ! ! ! ! this is a place where you can be physical in las vegas , but your wedding pictures will look like youc were at some tropical island . the photographer was excellent . the staff were friendly . the flowers were beautiful . the officiant was eh , but not an employee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved my wedding at the gazebo chapel ! it was destination and i had never been to vegas so i was pleased it came out so beautifully ! while i disliked iliana whom i worked with over emails for several months , i loved samantha . she was the one we met with the day before and was there to help the day of . work with samantha if you can !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got married at the waterfal ( chapel falls ) this week . it was a beautiful private setting . jazmin , the wedding coordinator did a great job and was very helpful . the flowers were very pretty and just what i 'd asked for . we had 7 guest , but it could have fit a few more and been very comfortable . i 'd read some reviews on the waterfall being loud and not being able to hear the minister , and that seems to have been taken care of . in addition , their chapel has been recently renovated and it was very pretty ! i 'm sure they could send you some pictrues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i got married at the flamingo garden chapel on april 1 with 50 friends and family in attendance and everything was perfect from the initial booking to the execution . i had the pleasure to work with iliana and i felt like i was in very good , professional and experienced hands . we booked the dreams package and it was honestly more than i expected . our flowers were beautiful , the music was timed perfectly and the day of coordination was flawless . our officiant , who we met the day of , was awesome ! ! we felt like we knew her our whole lives ! i did n't pre-book any picture packages but looking back i wish i did . the professional pictures were beautiful and we ended up buying the package when we met with them a few days after the wedding . for the quality of the pictures you can not beat the price . check out some of our candid pictures along with my review .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jazmin was fantastic . being a wedding planner based in la and doing a wedding in vegas , i was so beyond thankful and blessed to have jazmin to assist me in planning my clients wedding . we did a 3pm wedding at the garden gazebo it was beautifully manicured and exactly what we envisioned . jazmin was kind , understanding and very flexible with us . she communicated with me frequently for 6 months and well she was just lovely . thank you so much for taking great care of us , thanks jazmin !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got married in december . compared to other las vegas venues the flamingo is very affordable and if you can get married during the day outside it would be beautiful . that was our plan ... due to winter weather issues in my home state my wedding officiant was delayed 24 hours so our wedding had to be pushed back from the afternoon to evening in the dark . the wedding chapel was accommodating and waived half of the reschedule fee . the ladies at the chapel were nice and held up my chuppah during the ceremony when it decided to dismantle itself . the loss of a star in the review goes to the venue forcing us to have the cashman photo people there ( i did a review on why i disliked them ) with my wedding package . if i could go back in time i would have probably done the items \u00e0 la carte .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the grounds are beautiful , the wedding coordinators are awesome . however , while the photographers are nice , the do n't know how to take pictures that well . i would suggest seeing if you can bring in your own photographer , it might cost more , but it will be worth it in the end , unless you know how to photo shop like a pro .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we got married at the gazebo chapel in may . getting married in las vegas was the best decision we could have made- it was easy , stress-free and a great time . the only issue i had was that during our ceremony , you could hear pool noise ( music ) ... it was n't really loud , but it was audible . overall , good experience and i would recommend getting married here- it 's beautiful !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we just got married in the gazebo this past weekend . we had close to 50 people . it went off with out a hitch . iliana was great . the minister , janice was wonderful . we didnt do a traditional wedding . we were all about fun and different . everyone was very nice and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i got married on the 30 june 2017 and we had the most amazing wedding . the staff where excellent so patient and accommodated all of our needs . the officiant was the best the words she spoke where just darling ! ! ! ! i am so glad i chose to get married here and have a gazebo wedding it was the best day of my life", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick and relatively inexpensive oil change . some slight up-sell tactics but you 'll get that anywhere , especially quick change places . i 'd go back here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best place for quick , thorough service . i love that you do n't even have to get out of your car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "curtis and the guys are very respectful , knowledgable and nice . they do try and upsell you , but that 's their job and they are n't pushy about it . i get the 3 oil-change coupon pack . totally convenient and easy and i have never had to wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to several lube stops in the area and have always had positive experiences . i even have a 5-star review for the lakewood location . what is wrong with the lee cleveland heights location ? unfriendly is an understatement , extremely unhelpful and super slow . despite living down the block from this location i will be driving elsewhere for all future maintenance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely wonderful compounding pharmacy . lindsey is amazing and a wealth of helpful knowledge . truly feel better than i have in years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using this pharmacy for almost a year , and have had fast and efficient services . today , sarah was fabulous ! i was emotional and she was totally understanding and ensured i got my medication . i recommend this pharmacy for the timeliness and personalized service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great group of people . i found this compounding company to be so helpful . when i was anxious about having my medicine in time for a flight , the chemist actually drove to my house personally to make sure i had my compounding cream before my flight . i also was called to verify where the cream was going on my body so that the best base could be used as the foundation . did i mention that the price was more fair than anyone else ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great compounding pharmacy . people are always very nice . product is ready quickly . i have been using them for over a year and am very satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want traditional this is the place ! ! the staff is extremely nice and great , very friendly and he pays attention to detail . highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried stay gold in coraopolis pa this weekend . it was my first tattoo . the store is very cool and the owners are extremely knowledgable . impeccably clean and well organized . i arrived with a design that i had already wanted , and the execution was flawless . make sure you call to make an appointment and they only accept cash , so arrive prepared . highly recommend . will be going back for a few more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried this tattoo place out this past weekend when my appointment with island tattoo was canceled without notice . i called these guys and they got me right in , was very positive and nadine did a great job on my music tats . i am def using this shop again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "again ... totally satisfied with the work they do here ! got my 3rd tat the other day ... this place rocks ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is horrible ! ! i dont ' think it deserve even one star . i booked my appointment and mentioned that i have a living social deal , but when i got there , he told me that my appointment says that im paying $ 75 salon price to get my hair done , and he 's not gon na do my hair unless i pay him salon price instead of using my living social deal . he only had one customer there and basically pointed her and say to me : `` see , she 's paying salon price , that ' why im doing her hair . '' are you frigging kidding me ? if you do n't value nor respect living social customers , do n't post the deal there and want people to pay regular price when they arrive ! ! you have a lousy location and lousy attitude , im gon na make sure everyone be aware and never go to eli sabat .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bought a deal from livingsocial for a `` haircut , blow dry , color and conditioning or partial highlights plus $ 25 gift card '' . i got the color and conditioning instead of the partial highlights . a male stylist did all the coloring , shampooing , blowdrying , etc.. i loved the results . when i was getting ready to leave , i gave the stylist my tip , 20 % of the original price of the service . he gave it to eli , and he was like `` what 's this ? '' . eli said i owe $ 60 since the color was for the full head . i said yes that 's what it said on the deal , he said it was only for touch up or partial coloring . i did n't get the partial highlights , it clearly said on the deal `` color and conditioning '' , it did n't say partial color or touch-up . i did n't wan na argue since i was also in a hurry , so i just paid the $ 60 and left and i will never go back again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "at new location - went in just for a cut . i have long , thick hair and wanted it thinned and cut with even layers . from the moment i started explaining what it was i wanted , he acted as if he knew.. he was preoccupied on his cell phone some of the time while cutting my hair . he was rough when combing my hair . i told him again how i wanted it cut , and he said , yea yea once she ( his assistant ) dries it . she dried it with a round brush , so it was curled , which at the time , made it very difficult to see how choppy and uneven my hair actually looks . i flat ironed it a couple days layer and was very disappointed with the results .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service ! eli has been doing my daughter 's hair for the past year and a half . we are so happy with the new location and the off-strip pricing . our appointment was on time , the salon was clean and slightly busy and the process was terrific . after a trim and a deep conditioning , her hair is runway ready ! very happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eli sabat has been my hairstylist for almost 7 years now , and he is the best ! i had many completely different looks created by him - blond - brunette - long hair-short hair-extensions - short hair again . and let me tell you - i 've got gazillion amount of compliments about all of my hairstyles . i used to carry his card , now it does n't fit my wallet , so i just write his number to all wondered women inspired by my hair ... eli is wonderful with cut and the color , he is super precise and i love that he is always on top of trends . also , he is honest - if something wo n't work for you , he says it . and you always walk away looking fabulous !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to eli 's salon for years . he 's professional , experienced and is doing a great job with my hair ! does n't matter if i need a cut , highlights or a full color - i always go to him & i 'm always happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this salon . i always leave this place looking amazing . everyone compliments me or asks where do i get my hair done . the service is great . an the staff is super nice . i have been a customer for many years and am very happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you ever get an invite to party here , no matter how blacked out intoxicated tired you are ... do not turn it down . after clubbing at prive all night , we met up with the rest of our girls at the palms . i remember wandering the casino for about five minutes and then the next thing i remembered was partying in the hugh hefner playboy sky villa ! ! ! ! : ) two stories complete with bar , pool , gym , kitchen , and sexy rooms . it was intenssssssssse ... the bartenders served drinks non-stop . all of my girls had a crazy time enjoying the complimentary drinks , taking pictures on the rotating beds , and admiring the hot playmate-lookin naked girls who floated around in the pool that stretched outside on the large balcony overlooking the entire strip . truly an unforgettable ( sort of haha ) experience and hopefully one day we 'll be back ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i ended up at a party here a couple of weeks ago . pretty much the definition of p.i.m.p . the private pool area is fantastic along w the dining area surrounded by water w a couple of waterfalls by it . i could n't imagine what it would be like with just a few people here . even though alot of casinos have added some extremely pimp suites like the hard rock..the view here can not be beaten . i 'm not sure if that many people actually pay the retail price to stay here..i 'm guessing most players staying here are betting at least $ 10k a hand on average . but yeah ... do n't pass up an opportunity to check out this place if you get the chance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the hugh hefner sky villa ! i have partied here many times and did n't realize the hugh hefner suite would need a yelp review until a friend asked me about it . i will upload pics to yelp as well . the accomodations are absolutely gorgeous and the master bedroom rotating bed is super fun . check the pics ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got to party like tiger woods before his divorce ! amazing spot where everything is tricked out . 3 huge bedrooms ( 1 with a rotating bed ) , 2 floors , an elevator , a hot tub , an outdoor pool and great views of lv all around . what a place to party ! ! ! this is the place to be if you want to live large and party like a rockstar . you do n't get them girls loose loose you do n't get the world loose loose you do n't get money oof , oof but i do , i do you do n't get them girls loose loose you do n't get the world loose loose you do n't get money oof oof , but i do , i do i say y'all having a good time out there yeah , yeah , yeah , que no pare la fiesta do n't stop the party yeah , yeah , yeah , que no pare la fiesta do n't stop the party", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've stopped off to re-fuel at urban angel a few times in the past few weeks . each visit has been without any complaint whatsoever and instead i 've been stuffing my face with really good quality tea and seriously tasty cheese scones . they are the best cheese scones i 've eaten in edinburgh to date . yum . i had a solo excursion there for dinner and the sardines that arrived in front of me were cooked to perfection , perfectly seasoned and came with a light , tangy salsa and salad that complemented the fish perfectly . the meal was just splendid ! excellent quality of food for the price - i definitely hope to make this a more regular haunt . also , for the tea drinkers amongst us . their pots are enormous and the tea is loose , so a really great cuppa awaits you here . for some reason i 'm leaving the fifth star off ... ca n't quite figure out what it is ... anyway . urban angel . yay for cheese scones !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had brunch here a few times and sometimes it 's difficult to get a table . the homemade baked beans with sourdough and feta is delish ! little bit pricey thou", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had lunch here yesterday with a friend and the service was amazing . we both had daily specials ( i had mussels , my friend had chilli squid ) and they were delicious without fault . the sauce with my mussels was coconut based and creamy without being heavy . one staff member went out of his way to double check if they had polenta cake as my friend can not have wheat , even though it was n't on display . thankfully they did and while she had that i had their cheesecake . again , both were ridiculously delicious . there are a lot of places in edinburgh with great food but it 's fantastic to see a place offer brilliant service as well . will definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's lovely in here and it has a great menu - especially for brunch . my eggs benny was good except for the slightly undercooked eggs . runny whites ew . but they left me alone while i made use of their wifi for a couple of hours so they won back some points . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very pleasant establishment . one of the staff was happy to come over and explain what was suitable for different diets allergies etc . we all found our meals very tasty..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hidden gem e x p o s e d ! ! ! well rounded menu , organic ingredients , perfect proportions , attentive & cheerful staff , all for the right price ( there were 3 of us & we ate more like a group of 5 ) ! oh , did i mention , only 5 mins walk to & from edinburgh playhouse theater - perfect spot for pre & post dinner show . you guys have got to establish an urban angel in san francisco , seriously - very high quality food - we love it ! ! ! as a matter of fact , we 've booked a reservation for next tuesday just to show you how much we love urban angel : ] ca n't wait to enjoy all that you 'll be preparing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped in here for an impromptu breakfast one morning stroll along broughton street . they were very busy but managed to find us a table downstairs and advised that there would be a wait for our food , although it did n't take long at all . we 've been before and the eggs benedict were up there with the best i 've had in edinburgh but after over indulging over the christmas holidays we decided to share the arbroath smokie with a poached egg , spinach & hollandaise with a side of toast . i could have eaten the whole thing myself it was so good , the hollandaise was perfect with the fresh wilted spinach and the subtle smokiness of the fish . i do n't usually bother with toast but the thick slices with butter were just what the dish needed , although at \u00a38.90 they could have included some toast in that price ? i like the modern scandinavian feel to the d\u00e9cor and all the cakes laid out at the till were hard to walk past as we were leaving ! i will definitely be back soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super cute spot . stopped in here for breakfast while we were waiting for our hotel rooms to be prepared & enjoyed a wonderful , fresh breakfast . i opted for a scone w jam & a chai tea , which is served with steamed milk & honey . lovely . my sister and mom got scrambled eggs ( they were orange ... ? ) with an amazing side of sourdough toast . dad got yogurt & berries . also , they serve an excellent , strong cup of coffee . we got a peek at the salads they were preparing for lunch , and they looked absolutely amazing . i hope we have time to come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "edinburgh + brunch + iced coffee ... if i could complain it would be about the outrageous prices , and complain i will ... they are unbelievable for breakfast food . but ... there is , and i say this without any reservation , no where better to get an iced coffee . and if you , like me , like iced coffee , sometimes , not always , but sometimes ... in the middle of the winter , this place has it . now usually a place that is pretty awesome but way too expensive garnishes a three star ... but not urban angel which carries two of the three breakfast treats that i can not live without ( eggs florentine and iced coffee ) and the fact that there were two waitresses so on our case when we had orders , questions , requests . they were both busting their ass to serve us , and that , i appreciate and reward ... with my cyber star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been there twice very good food . i like that they serve breakfast brunch until 5 . found an extra order on my bill by mistake .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i still have not forgotten my peelham farm lamb kebab-type wrap , served with couscous . honestly.. it was so good that i made my own variation this week ... with real peelham farm lamb veal . i loved this place , it was light , airy , and so much bigger than i had expected . it definitely is one of my favourite cafe 's in edinburgh . the quality of food is fabulous , and providing local produce always scores extra points for me . i highly recommend it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think it 's nice in here , the service is friendly and the food is fresh and tasty . last time we went i had a pulled pork ciabatta sandwich with salad and my vegetarian friend had falafel flatbread with salad , both were hearty portions and we enjoyed them . the coffee is also really good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "disappointing . the menu is an unfocussed agglomeration of dishes , with no real sense of what they 're trying to sell you . the staff did n't seem too interested , either . overall , we said : `` urban angel has good principles at its heart , and there 's a fantastic cafe restaurant just waiting to emerge , but the thinking behind the elegantly minimalist decor desperately needs to be applied to their menu , at the earliest possible opportunity . ''", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a saturday afternoon event with the yelp ladies brought me to urban angels on union street . unfortunately i did not have enough time to have anything else on their menu but a hot chocolate and cheesecake but those were fine : ) it 's a very busy place at weekends and famous for there brunch menu , but i think it suffers a little in terms of coziness ... so definitely a spot for meeting friends for a weekend catch-up over breakfast but they wo n't take reservations on weekends - so either come early or be prepared to wait or have a plan be . consider coming a little earlier is my tip ; )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have lived in edinburgh as a student for 4 years now and nothing does great organic food in a friendly , chilled atmosphere like this . they do lots of veggie and a menu where you can mix and match the breakfast options . a must try place to eat in edinburgh , for lunch or dinner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had brunch here with my hostess during my trip to edinburgh a couple of weeks ago . the place was pretty cute inside and we were promptly served . i got an order of poached eggs and toast with vegetarian sausages on the side and a pot of tea . the food was cooked well , though i wish it was seasoned a tiny bit more . other than that , everything was good . place is a bit on the pricey side .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really love urban angel . during the day it 's a friendly little caf\u00e9 selling super tasty organic cakes , brunch , sandwiches and light meals . they try to source ingredients locally and use organic and free range produce wherever possible . in the evening it turns into an equally friendly neighbourhood bistro offering meals like organic lamb meatballs and scallop , smoked haddock and crayfish chowder . it still manages to retain the caf\u00e9 vibe and i have no qualms about coming in here on my own to tap away at the laptop whilst enjoying a ( large ) glass of merlot and a piece of cake ; no mean feat in this area of town . this is a sophisticated eatery for those who enjoy dining with a clear conscience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very much on the beaten track just off broughton street ( one of edinburgh 's finest ) , i 'd been meaning to visit urban angel ( forth st ) for ages . finally went on monday morning , to escape the grey day and do some of my web stuff . what a lovely place ! really chilled out and friendly no drama that i stayed for 3 hours . when i could n't get the wifi to work , i was offered a different seat where it picked up the signal perfectly all the staff were eager to help . had my coffee of choice a flat white and it was delicious ; as were the eggs benedict with smoked haddock ( a glorious combination ) . highly recommended in fact , i think i 'll drop in there today for a caffeine hit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great cakes , very nice service , capuchino okay . here our edinburgh adventure starts", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sounds like it should be a clothes shop fake tanned 17 year old 's , but in reality it 's the polar opposite . inside looks like a section of the ikea showroom and it 's just as small . it 's usually very busy but if you come for breakfast you 'll get a table . the selection of food is great , a variety of locally sourced food prepared into your favourite dishes . the waitress suggested i try the urban angel burger , which with mull cheddar and coleslaw sounded delicious . i was a little disappointed when the dish came however , the portion was rather small . considering the burger itself was nearly \u00a312 , i was expecting half a cow . food was good , staff were nice , price needs to be worked on .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yummy , best way to start a day ! organic and tasty food , nice place to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing eggs florentine . friendly staff . some nice breads . an interesting weekly specials board featuring surprisingly good food combos . a nice salad bar too ! did i mention the cakes i try and walk past ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "organic fair trade leckere salate kuchen frische s\u00e4fte etc und auch der burger mit den fritten und der selbst gemachten aioli war super", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first stop in edinburgh after a transatlantic flight from the us . the service was friendly , attentive , and engaging and the food ( eggs benedict in my case ) was yummy . what sold me on the place was the coffee . my latte was heavenly . having spent a week in edinburgh and tromping around the highlands , i can safely say this is the best coffee in scotland .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having visited its sister on hanover street , i was keen to check out this one closer to home . this is a lovely cafe with a modern 'art-deco ' feel . with white walls , wooden floors and high ceilings , urban angel feels clean and airy . i 've been a couple of times now ; once for a latte ( it was lovely ) and once to take advantage of their tables outside which were right in a sun trap during that brief summer spell we had the other week . urban angel sells alcoholic drinks but be warned- they 're pricey . \u00a33.40 for a small bottle of light beer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really loved this little cafe on a recent visit . we went for supper , and were very tempted by the lovely cakes ! the teas are brilliant - as is the selection of wine ! the food was great too - we enjoyed some very nice lamb meatballs and some haggis , clapshot and creamed leeks . lovely !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is another one of those places that would brag about having minimalist danish furniture . its interior looks so expensive i was pleasantly surprised to see that their pastries were n't more pricey than what you 'd find at your local costa or starbucks . it 's located in new town in a fairly residential area so it 's in peaceful surroundings . there are places offering yoga and pilates classes in the vicinity and i can very much imagine the clients ( predominantly women ! ) heading over there after their classes . i 'm more a fan of creaky , charming places , so i would n't go there that often , but the food is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an update to my previous post . i received both a call and a replacement table to the one that had melted in the sun very soon after i posted the initial review . it was entirely my fault in the delay of update the posting . although i am happy to have received the replacement and feel that the service was entirely acceptable i will have to see what happens if vancouver has a hot and sunny summer next year .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great quality furniture , great delivery and great customer service . we are very happy with our generoso set , fits a lot of people and great for parties !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection , prices , and people . our deck has never looked better , and the wicker is extremely weather-resilient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently purchased the beliani crema outdoor seating set , and absolutely love it ! ! it 's beautiful . in addition , the customer service that i received from velago was outstanding . highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's about time i wrote about the awesome bricks theatre ! last friday i went to the show of `` that 's what she said '' located at the brink . i have gone to about 6 of their shows , and leave amazed at the performances every time ! each `` that 's what she said '' show have a theme to them . this last one was `` lie '' . there were 9 women who wrote personal stories about what they thought of when they heard the word lie . each woman had their own story . i 'm continually amazed of the courage these women have by talking about situations that make them very vulnerable . you can connect with a part of each of their stories . it 's a night full of laughter and tears . amazing ! the only downfall is that usually the brink has a performance or something going on in the bar area , therefore it can be a little distracting with the background noise of that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "many date nights on mill ave while trying to make the most of phoenix night life scene . located in tempe and close to the university . it 's a snippet of the kind of night life i 'm accustomed to . but if you happen to find yourself in phoenix and wondering what to do or where to go . start here . there 's a variety of restaurants and bars to try . it 's walkable and beats sitting in your hotel room watching t.v . you 'll be in college area territory so things can get interesting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to give mille avenue a positive up for the mere fact that they might be the only district in the valley that have adopted parking meters with an option to pay by credit card ! it 's great . i ca n't count the number of times that i need to park in a meter but lack the change needed . however , with these meters , all i had to do was swipe my card and poof ! i was able to put time on the meter .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mill is where we end up going when we ca n't think of anything else to do at night . it 's a college town main drag . expect bars , head shops , overpriced clothing stores ( urban outfitters , etc ) , chain restaurants , the occasional hole-in-the-wall , off beat eateries , and hordes of drunk 20 somethings shouting and vomiting on each other . it 's the small businesses like old town books that keep it interesting . they maintain a small selection of books outside , after hours , and you shop on the honor system by sliding a dollar under their door if you take one .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tempe has really developed the area , especially the last few years . depending on the time of the day , there is something to do for all age groups . it is a stones throw to tempe beach park , parking is plentiful , and there is a nice variety of food with few chain restaurants . at night , the bar scene is hopping full of asu kids , keeping the vibe electric . gammage is within walking distance too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mill ave was packed with local stores and had a quirky , fun college town feeling in the 1970s when we moved here . locals ( my family included ) went there all the time . then our city fathers decided to `` improve '' mill ave by `` yuppifying '' it and chasing out local business and pursuing national chains . the death knell was when they built tempe marketplace . fyi -- parking spots are metered and parking is very tight . the city of tempe also shuts down mill ave for events like the arts festival and for asu games , so you really never know if you can even drive through the district . our family avoids this area . the new plan for attracting customers to mill ave is to spend millions for a slow motion trolly that will block impede the right lane of mill ave in both directions from southern ave directly to and around michael monti 's restaurant . can you spell boondoggle ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the mills avenue district is located between 3rd street and mill avenue - 5 blocks from the arizona state university campus . it 's busy place that 's teeming with activity , lots of traffic and skateboarders . there 's a variety of restaurants and bars to please most anyone 's palate . outdoor seating is available at most restaurants to take advantage of the wonderful arizona springtime weather . boutique clothing stores cater to the university crowd . the police make their presence known by patrolling the area on bike or on horseback .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "too bad this mill ave. district reviewing is n't separated into different eras . i preferred the pre-millenial ave. days , such as the early 90 's right when the expansion started and it was `` the place '' with fresh shops that were all open , and fewer of those annoying homeless people asking for money or tampons . this was when the coffee plantation was locally owned , had coffee carts on campus at asu , and the coffee was actually somewhat good . mill had so much traffic of people cruising that the police had crude anti-cruising measures set up to reduce the traffic . even though i never ate at long wong 's and a few others that are gone , it is sad to see them not there . no ... slices and the library do n't cut it for me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this review is for daytime only . it 's probably a whole different animal at night . i 've been to mill ave several times over the last couple years . we always get on the light rail at christown mall to get there . it 's only $ 4 for a day pass to ride the light rail , which is a nice change of pace from driving to tempe . mill ave has a different feel then most places you go . it 's a nice area for a walk , lunch and window shopping . there 's a variety of places to eat and some offer patio seating . great way to relax and people watch . overall , it 's clean and there are usually security people on bikes . the only real negative that i 've found is the vagrants . they 've been worse the last couple times we went there . you just have to put them on ignore . if you really want to make it a fun day , head over to tempe town lake park and ride a pedal boat on the lake !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am just graduated from asu and i have avoided mill avenue like the plague , unless it was at night . why would i pay alot of money , just to park where my car is n't even watched , just to get hassled by homeless and begged for spare change by drug addicts . i feel like im in an episode of walking dead when i am on this street . not only are there homeless and pieces of trash lingering and begging , there is literally trash everywhere and everything is dirty . if you are a guy , the only store for you is urban outfitters so the shopping also sucks . i have no problem making the drive to scottsdale where you do n't pay to park , theres no homeless , and the only drugs users than affect you are the roid monkies .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what is with the noisy birds ? and the homeless ? ! ? it 's like berkeley in a rainforest .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place . my husband introduced me to this place . we come down here a lot to eat , drink , dance , and walk around . i enjoy fuzzy 's taco shop , slices , five guys , fat tuesdays , third thursdays , art festivals , new year 's eve block party , street performers on all the major corners , and night life . i highly recommend coming out here for new year 's eve block party , if you are 15 and up . it 's amazing . tons of people but did n't feel crowded at all . security could have been a little better . some teens like to light people on fire with fire crackers . come on peeps ! there are kids out there in the crowd . i do not recommend bringing out your young kids to the block party even though they had a kids corner . if you are a night owl , this is a great place to hang . during the week , places are open late , but kinda quiet . weekends are packed full of music and fun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came to mill ave in search of cigar and eats and in that it did n't disappoint . we came down around lunchtime in the middle of the week , so i did n't really notice a lot of the stuff people were complaining about ( i.e . homeless ) . there was a ton of construction going on but there was a good amount of parking . we paid , but as we were walking noted that there was a bunch of free ones around everywhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm 30 . that makes me at least five years too old to be on mill avenue to bar hop on a saturday night ( unless you 're a transient ) . although i have to admit that i enjoy stopping by every few months for the nostalgic value . it brings me back to my college days at asu even though most of the places i frequented back then are gone . mill is a great place to go get something to eat . maybe even hit up a bar or two after a football or basketball game . but if you 're no longer of college age . you may want to avoid it at all costs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you feel like drinking on arizona state university 's campus this is probably the epicenter of partying . one continuous street chock-full of bars , stores and restaurants is an accurate description . not exactly a classy affair , plastic cup central . lots of drunk college students looking for fights and plenty of cops to arrest them . overall it 's a good time but there are shady elements as with any college campus drinking area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did not stop at any of the bars or restaurants along this corridor , i just drove on mill ave to see what was out here . it was busy on a saturday night early sunday morning . it is worth visiting , if you are seeking something to do after the star sets !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mill avenue district is the place to be and be seen in tempe . the corollary is that it is a good place for people watching . . . if you like seeing drunk college students . yeah , it 's tempe , and it 's a college town . shopping , dinning , drinking , strolling , and froyo , mill district has it all in spades . the new family fav is canteen . the fam has also been known to stop in for pizza at mellow mushroom and la bocca . we 've tried the foyo and bought some shoes . the side walks are wide , the traffic slow , the decorations come out during the holidays , and the parking is n't bad if you know where to look . mill has a character and charm all of it own . and who knows , it might even have a light rail station one day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our experience with mill ave was a bite to eat and a stop at a store , so it was pretty limited . we went during the week , mid day and saw nothing but busy students and professional people getting breakfast and running errands . it seemed like a nice enough area with lots of eating options and shops . there are lots of meters to park , but also look on the side streets , there were open free spots everywhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this has to be the best entertainment area in arizona . lots of bars , restaurants and shops . there seems to be more offerings for anyone under 40 , if not under younger . fun day or night , but wy different late night . parking is easy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mill ave. has been through a lot of changes in the past decade . it 's constantly going through businesses ( no more ambercrombie or bath and body works ) but restaurants seems to stick around longer . i love walking from tempe beach park to mill ave. , eating lunch dinner at gordon biersch and picking up some froyo at mojo . if you 're looking for somewhere to eat , there 's something for everyone at mill . i 'm grateful for urban outfitters that 's still around but i miss the borders . that 's what mill needs , an awesome book store .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "downtown tempe now has free metered parking after 6 pm on weekdays . it gets crowded , but some spaces are usually available near the tempe beach park end of mill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoy going to mill ave . whether it 's for the nightlife or going to the different restaurants , there is always something to do to suit your different tastes . mill ave. is a place anyone should try especially on lazy days when you do n't know what to do . it 's a good place to hang out with your friends !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mill ave is alright . if i were a decade younger , i 'm sure i would love it . i do n't get to see the college-age nightlife very often now , so it 's a little entertaining to watch all the stumbling around , shouting , laughter and vomiting into bushes ( okay , that part is n't so entertaining ) . there are a few bars , restaurants and shops that i enjoy on mill , but it 's not a place i visit regularly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mill is a unique area and a great part of tempe . it has its own character , love it or hate it . some business plans thrive here , and some that seem like sure things fizzle and disappear . lots of good bars and shops . go here during the day to grab lunch or do your banking , or go for the nightlife , with thursday through saturday nights being the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the mill avenue district is the only place in arizona where you can actually walk from place to place . you can park your car and spend all day there ! it is also the only downtown area that is waterfront , so you can relax while walking along tempe town lake , or even rent a paddle boat from rio lago . there a several great restaurants in the mill avenue district , such as caffe boa , house of tricks , and la bocca urban pizzeria & wine bar . there are also several major events that are definetly worth going to , like the twice annual tempe festival of the arts ! downtown tempe encompasses the mill avenue district ( mill ave ) , the lake district ( tempe beach park ) , university district ( college ave ) , and the farmer arts district ( ash ave ) . there is lots to do .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "from what everyone tells me , mill was really cool in the 80 's and early 90 's . the music scene at long wong 's featured acts such as gin blossoms , the refreshments , jimmy eat world and meat puppets . now , well , watch the second video on this page and listen to the black guy : http : www.millaveinc.com trailer.htm i have some friends who live in a condo complex right off 5th and ash . every time i hang out with them , i feel like mill becomes less cool and inviting . just avoid this place , it 's full of ghetto and trashy types amid a corporate hodgepodge of mediocrity . the only reason the city puts so much money into it ( and the stupid `` lake '' ) is to keep out-of-state asu tuition flowing in and prop up the still-inflated housing bubble .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mill ave and i have had some fun ... back when it was two lanes and there was a cop sitting around recording license plate numbers to issue tickets for `` cruising '' ... it used to be busy . fun busy , not homeless busy . every storefront was occupied , and there were some awesome independent shops . these days it has a different feel , shops are empty and stores are opening and closing within a few months . nobody cruises mill anymore , there are even times i almost try to avoid it because i just do n't want to be asked for money again ... but i 'm biding my time ... waiting for the day i can update this with five stars . i know it 's coming ... i know it is , let 's just hope i do n't pull a harold camping here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place to hang out on thursday nights and saturdays . i come here with my friends when we want a change of scene from old town . the bars are cool and id check out gringo star and el hefe . mill is fun just be careful on the streets alone . also la boca is great along with z tejas and ra .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for about a year and it gets better every time ! i always feel like a princess ! very nice salon to relax in . they really care about your hair and have helped me find all the perfect products ! i get so many compliments on my hair and how it 's the perfect blonde ! they do amazing extensions as well ! ! a clean relaxed and friendly vibe ! your hair will be saved !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really really good burger great meat grilled on charcoal , smokey cheese and soft bun . and all the extra details that make it world class : bun grilled on the inside , salad below the meat , no ketchup ... excellent , best burger in town ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool concept . dined here at 8pm on a friday night . was greeted at door and shown to table . had concept explained to me . reviewed menu , ordered at counter , grabbed a carafe of water with lemon , lime and mint and enjoyed my burger and onion rings . convenient , inexpensive , good food . would definitely return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited on a wet saturday evening - restaurant was not busy , but the guy behind the counter seemed very stressed . had to wait for a waitress to make her way to the door from the back of the restaurant to show us to our table , as he seemed very reluctant to leave his counter . very odd . had 2 for 1 voucher , my camembert and aubergine was great , but my husbands lamb burger seemed very small . service was fast , but definitely not with a smile . is ice in mineral water an unreasonable request these days ? but i guess you go for the burgers rather than the staff , just do n't have the lamb burger - and look out for the guy behind his counter .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is not bad to pop in for a kunch , i would recommend it only for lunch rather than dinner though . a burger no matter how filling without fries or any accompliments seems a tad dull to me for dinner . it is also not very competitively priced as you literally just get a burger on a plate for 8 or 9 pounds , the only good thing is that you do get enough to share a portion of chips .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok. not any better than wannaburger but considerably more expensive . not worth the extra . having said that , the surroundings are more agreeable here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to visit this place once . i found it overpriced and the portions tiny the food did n't taste that good either . the service was reasonable in spite of this , and the d\u00e9cor is modern and clean looking , so it 's not all bad . i just would n't recommend it to anyone else personally .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i go here when i have classes at the loyola campus . there really are n't that many options around and this place is really nice . the staff is really friendly . nice variety of food for fair prices . if it 's between gross cafeteria food and this , pick this .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ndg hotdog opened up in the summer of 2014 in the space left behind by `` new moon pizza '' . i consider this a major upgrade ! the ower is a very nice guy and the cook is also friendly and funny . hot dogs on par with the usual places like belle province and the pountine is exactly the way it should be - crispy fries and piping hit gravy that melts the cheese curds - yum ! ndg hotdog also offers some yero pitas , and some other items that i have n't had a chance to sample yet . the # 3 ( hotdog & poutine ) is my `` go to '' order . ndg hotdog is a great and needed addition to the border between ndg and montreal west .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think this is a new go to place for me ! they have super good fries , and have a selection of burgers , hot dogs , panini , and poutine . they even have veggie burgers , which is what i had , and it was really good ! staff are friendly and service was pretty good , a bit slow but nothing unreasonable . nice building , only complaint is that it is n't wheel chair accessible because there 's a big step up at the end of the ramp .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "poutine is super good , as well as the gyros . used to go there often when i had classes at loyola !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so not worth the money . we ate in the `` formal '' dining room and there was no charm or even real ambience . no decorations except a giant chandelier thing and glass wall . the waiter was snooty and kept trying to size us up ... and he took forever . we were trying to get to a show and had to flag him down ... twice . my cheese plate was mediocre and the spaghetti seafood did n't have any flavor . my veal carpaccio was the star of the meal ( but still not the best i 've ever had ) . and the drink prices ? outrageous ! my prosecco was $ 14 a glass ... and that is how much one bottle of the stuff costs at a liquor store . definitely would n't come back here - there is too much cooler stuff in vegas .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't know yelpers , $ 550 for 8 of us with tax & tip . i 'm serious . half of us had soft drinks , half had one glass wine , a few two . we shared apps . i mean come on , it 's just spaghetti and pizza and salad . nothing at all spectacular about the food or place except the prices . you are certainly not paying for a view of the convention area hallway off the buffet . our main server ( marie ? maria ? ) was absolutely excellent ... friendly and professional . my brother and i split the $ 10 side of caesar salad . it could have fit in a double shot glass .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am really surprised by some of the reviews on here talking about a bad experience at this place ... .we had one of the best dinners i 've ever had here ! so amazingly flavorful and delicious . we each had the sirio tasting menu and each picked a different item for each course to be able to try more dishes . i would say two of the six were good and the other four were fantastic ! ! ! oh and do n't forget the dessert ... chef 's selection and he did n't disappoint : one was small sugar coated donuts with vanilla , caramel , and chocolate dipping sauces and the other was panacotta with melon and lime sorbet ... something i would never pick out for myself but it was delicious ! my favorite was probably the veal carpaccio and the pistachio-encrusted lamb was pretty tasty . overall a great meal experience that i would recommend to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best $ 200 i 've spent on a dinner ! amazing drinks , great carpaccio that was split two without us asking , pork 4 ways ( porkgasm ) , and lamb shanks that were perfectly cooked . to top off the evening , we had two desserts , which were both friggin awesome . fried fondant , which practically exploded in our mouth with chocolately goodness , and was complimented by the citric fruits and sorbet . and last but not least , a chocolate souffle ... o..m ... g. words can not describe the awesomeness of this dinner ! the service was friendly , informative , and well paced . definitely will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sirio give off the feel of being a chain restaurant with dishes that are in almost every italian restaurant . they dont even offer real balsamic vinegar with the bread . my choice of entree was a new york steak that was well over done when i requested it medium rare . the servers where way under staffed to even ask if i could get a new one at proper temp . i would suggest passing on this one .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a great spot ! i 'm surprised they are only rated 3.5 stars . wonderful service ... . awesome food ... .. and a beautiful restaurant . the food was amazing but we ordered too much ! we had the clams ... . wow i could have just had that ! so delicious ! ! my husband ordered the parpadelle and i had the fettucini carbanara . i loved both ! all pastas are made in house . and then we shared the sea bass which was good but again way too much . we should have stopped at the pasta . or shared a pasta and then the sea bass . we paired all this yummy food with a nice bottle of italian red wine by bussola . i would definitely return for a nice fine dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had been golfing all day and needed a late bite , and sirio was the call . the service was good and the food followed , good . i had the gnocchi , which has a very creamy topping , but it was tasty . i stayed in the bar area versus the dinning room as the bar had televisions ( lakers ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have dined at almost all of the high-end italian restaurants on the strip and sirio is the best . the salad dressing was fantastic , the homemade pasta is better then some of the pasta 's i have had in tuscany , and the bombolin ( italian doughnuts ) for dessert was amazing ! if you want traditional italian food in a nice environment , this is definitely a good bet . i will be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sirio was the only component that i truly enjoyed at the aria , as the hotel itself was not to my liking . sirio is , in a nutshell , fine italian dining with great food and great service . the drinks were wonderful and the ambiance was just the same . i would definitely go back to visit aria just to eat at sirio .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unlike jean george steakhouse , sirio was a great dining experience . beautiful table and excellent service paired with interesting menu made for a great night with friends . thanks ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came by here because american fish , across the way , was closed down for something . originally disappointed due to all the time i spent researching af . but , luckily , sirio was a great alternative . hh was very comparable to what af had . mama ordered the house white and i got the blue moon . service was great and the environment was very elegant . got a couple rounds and we headed off . we 'll definitely come back if were in the area again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "to start on a positive note , ambiance and space was beautiful . but that can only get you so far . with a large group , we made it a point to make a reservation , and were guaranteed numerous times ( over the phone and face to face ) to be out of the restaurant in time for a show held in the same hotel only footsteps away . even with reiterating the fact that we had to be out of the restaurant in a timely fashion , the service was atrocious , from hostess to manager . we were unable to eat our dinner before the show . when we had to leave before finishing ( or really even starting ! ) our meals , the manager was suddenly no where to be found , causing a few to miss the beginning of the show . therefore , i would not recommend trying this out as a pre-show dinner spot , and do n't plan on going back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very nice restaurant at the aria ! the decor is nice , but not overdone , the service was good and the food was very tasty ! i went here for dinner tonight with 2 coworkers and we enjoyed the prix fixe menu offered from 5-7pm ... but we had to ask for that menu even though it is offered on their website . i started with the ravioli , followed by the chicken milanese and finished with the tiramisu ... all was delicious , just too much food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just celebrated my birthday at sirio and everything was top notch ! since we had a party of 28 , we were able to reserve a private dining area which was truly wonderful . the staff was very attentive and the food delicious ! they were great about keeping us on time so that we could leave in time to attend a show . i highly recommend celebrating a special occasion at sirio !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here last weekend and enjoyed myself but probably wo n't be back . i enjoyed the atmosphere ( sitting by the glass-enclosed prep station ) , marinated artichoke hearts , and house-made lemoncello and that 's about it . i ordered an antipasti platter and they added a huge bowl of olives - it was so much food that it was unappetizing . after my husband ordered a pasta dish and a chicken dish , the waiter asked him if he wanted to add a rack of lamb - what ? ! who adds a rack of lamb to an already large order ? overall , the food and service are little better than your local buca di beppo 's , just in a nicer setting .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "buono il cibo e la compagnia e le dritte del cameriere luca grande conoscitore di cucina e dei posti turistici da visitare . location molto carina", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we ate at sirio during a recent trip to las vegas . we were unsure after reading the reviews but decided to try anyway . the service was exceptional . we started with the beef carpaccio which was delicious . my husband had the fettuccine alfredo with chicken and really enjoyed it . i had the lobster ravioli with brown butter sauce and it was amazing . we ended with the creme brule trio which was excellent . our bill was $ 130 for this meal with taxes and we each had one cocktail ( not wine ) very reasonable for a nice meal on the strip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and wonderful service . try the octopus , ricotta dumplings , parpadelle pasta with truffle , and scallops with crispy proscuitto . will definitely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not worth the money or time . i do n't even like olive garden much but og definitely beats this place . i do n't even remember what i ordered but it looked & tasted like chef boyardee .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we found seats at the bar and asked our very hospitable bartender for the happy hour menu . though the online menu shows a choice of 2 red wines and 2 white , he informed us that they now only serve a house white and a red only . my wife sampled the white and opted to join me by ordering the red bend . appetizers are priced at $ 7 each or 3 for $ 18 . we ordered 3 - braised veal stuffed crispy ravioli with an asparagus coulis , chicken meatballs with tomato-gorgonzola fonduta and spinach and ricotta cheese ravioli in sage butter sauce . portion size was small , but the flavors were big with our favorite being the ravioli in sage butter sauce . a rating of 3.5 would be more appropriate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the early dinner special . good appetizers , underseasoned main , good desserts . expensive as compared to the quality of the food . would not come back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm surprised this restaurant has such little stars ! ! ! their complimentary bread was tasty and the olive oil for dipping was spectacular ! i love me some very good olive oil ! i ordered the pomodoro and husband ordered the butternut squash ravioli , both were phenomenal . the only problem i had was that no one offered us a high chair for our infant -- strange .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we visited this restaurant a year ago and gave it 5 stars . recommended it to so many people . so we were looking forward to another spectacular evening . unfortunately , something has slipped there . we once again shared a black truffle risotto and white truffle tagliatelle `` tasting '' ( $ 69 ) . it was spectacular , as we had remembered . and our antipasti was wonderful again . but the entrees were disappointing . i had the dover sole , finished table side . it was very dry , and boring . my husband 's pork was uneventful . we since found out that the gm who was there a year ago is no longer there . so maybe that has something to do with it ? the wines were very good , however , recommended by the sommelier . next time , we 'll most likely try another italian restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bathrooms are awesome . the food was better . service excellent . all three components make a great restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we enjoyed a lovely meal here on the 4th of july a couple of weeks ago . the service was a little odd , as we had two waiters who both worked our table but did not communicate with each other . we figured this was just an initial confusion , but to our amusement , it continued throughout the meal . we started with the ricotta balls and that might be my new favorite appetizer , and we also had the meatballs - very good . i had the cappelini dish and hubby had the veal . both were terrific ! prices were exceptionally good for the value and the ambiance experience . i would go back without hesitation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was expecting alot better for the high prices . the frito misto was badly overcooked . the calamari rings themselves were so tiny it would be almost impossible for it not to be overcooked . the bread arrived chilled ... not room temperature ... chilled as in straight out of the fridge and it was focaccia ! i asked the waiter if this bread was meant to be chilled and he curtly replied yes and walked away ... really ? ? i ordered another appetizer special as a mail course which was fine but my guy ordered pasta , the carbonara and it was very sub par . it was oily ... oily in the way that a cream based sauce gets when it is re heated which made me question the freshness . so two appetizers and and a pasta , no drinks no dessert= $ 75 . very steep in my opinion for what we got . we would not go back even though we frequently stay at the aria resort", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's is all about the house made pasta here . the bolognese and pesto are amazing . the entrees and apps were very good too but when i think of sirio my mouth waters for their pasta . not a cheap date and after an app or two , their amazing olive bread and some pasta , you can easily share an entree . the scallops were great and the veal was outstanding . my friend that always order veal says it melts in your mouth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sirio in the aria hotel was an amazing experience . their wine selection is very impressive . the home made paste was so yummy and staff super accommodating . worth ever penny ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "make sure you have a reservation and are dressed nice otherwise you will be seated in the bar area to be ignored by the wait staff . oh and you only get menus if you ask for one instead of being provided with one when seated . it takes 20 minutes from getting seated to getting some water . wait staff has serious attitude problem . when i ordered an ice tea out waiter let out a sigh and rolled his eyes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the only reason i came here was to use my dining credit . the food here is mediocre and prices are definitely higher than what the food and place is worth . my girlfriend and i got the lasagna and the new york steak , both of which were bizarrely cooked . the new york steak had spicy fries and the lasagna had this weird beef with it . overall , just use your dining credit here , no point in spending real $ $", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was excited about fine dining in vegas and after i tried this , i feel dallas restaurants are way better than this . i asked for a blackened salmon and it was not very well done . the cocktail was bad . my wife wanted something vegetarian and they did n't have any . they said they could make anything vegetarian but messed it up big time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this restaurant is located in the complex of the aria hotel in las vegas . it is a typical italian restaurant , with dishes from different parts of italy . the ambient is very nice . the service is very attentive and efficient . the food is very good , and tastefully presented . the wine list is available only in a digital form on a tablet , which somehow does not provide a nice feeling for guests . the wine list is not very extensive ; however , the pricing of wine is very favourable ( for european fine dining practices ) . the prices for food of this type and this quality are relatively high ( but that comes with the hotel and las vegas , i assume ) . a very nice restaurant for a calm dinner within a humangeous aria complex !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite italian restaurant of las vegas . classic delicious italian taste in contemporary look.food reviews are different because understanding food and dining experience is very personal . not everybody would appreciate creativity , so that 's why there are some bad reviews here . ; ) degustazione `` sirio '' try the sirio tasting menu , it 's perfect , simply perfect . pici toscani was excellent . if you are in las vegas make sure stop by there.i enjoy it every time . professional staff and elegant ambiance..bravo chef vincenzo , grazie mille .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3 and one half stars really . for the strip the place is a value . the food was good . great sea scallop appetizer . very good risotto and sea food pros-1-professional waiter-2-good food-3 good presentation-4-value . cons-1-even for vegas outrageous wine prices . no beaujolais or other good `` low priced '' wines . 2-no sommelier , a lady with little wine knowledge excuses the lack of beaujolais to the fact thatr sirio is an italian restaurant.. meanwhile there are pages of french wines . 3- no proactive service . want bread water , pepper mill , etc . have to ask for it . 4-the i pad gimmick a lot of `` upscale '' restaurants use was not working . in gourmet places in london , ny , paris or sf this would be a 2 star restaurant . however , that is true of all the lv restaurants i have been to .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "shady and co. rolled in to sirio at the halfway point of his 4 restaurants in 1 evening jaunt . starting with sage , then serrano , sirio was complete surprise to shady as the star of the evening . eric , our barkeep , was outstanding and kept the pace moving along nicely along with great banter . first up paired with a nice red was the riccota dumplings in sage brown butter sauce . first off , anything in sage brown butter sauce is going to be good , but this really was a treat . one of the food highlights of shady 's 8 day destruction of vegas eateries . shady and oh-so -- lucky guest followed that with the veal polpette . outstanding . just outstanding . after sage and serrano , a little down home italian hit the mark . shady and co left a big fan of sirio , and look forward to a full dinner return . next up on the shady food death march-jean george steakhouse", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful room and very good service . the down side : very noisy , very few value wines ( $ 50 range ) , parmesan crackers that were stale , supermarket quality antipasto meats , supermarket quality lasagna , and a dry veal chip that tasted as if if were burnt .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to this place a few years ago and it did not impress me at all . when i went back to vegas last month , my friends asked me to go to dinner there and wow ! what an improvement ! ! ! they have a new chef , and it shows . beef carpaccio was amazing , the best i 've ever had . we shared the charcuterie , and i split a fish with my husband . it was so light and totally delicious ( we told the server we wanted healthy , and he steered us in the right direction . ) the room is really beautiful and the service was great . i ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an unbelievable experience . great food and exceptional service ! we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service . terrible food . i ordered wine . very good pinot noir . also ordered calamari . it was deep fried and seasoned way too much and was overall terrible . the service was horrendous . it was not busy at all and it took us an hour to get our food . not one of las vegas ' better restaraunts .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service beautiful place bad : lasagna & veal great : yellowtail tartar & eggplant & ravioli", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i started with insalata caprese con peperoni..beef carpaccio..risotto with truffle..5 tasting of ravioli..and salmon steak..amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm surprised to see all the poor reviews of this place , as i was a big fan . my friend and i ate here last minute before the viva elvis show . we informed the waiter we were on a time crunch and he said it would not be a problem . the waiter in general was fantastic . we both had wine . my friend ordered a steak dish and i ordered the grilled vegetables dish . here 's the thing , i do n't really eat meat besides chicken and turkey , but i always try a bite of the other person 's meal , regardless of the meat . when i do that , i always ( yes , always ) shrug and think `` not missing much . '' but that was not the case with my friend 's steak . it was delicious . the kind of steak i heard people talk about , but i never really understood . until that moment . and that , my friends , makes me believe this is an amazing restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a larger party than usual , so we sat at a round table ( no bar dining for us this night ) . the d\u00e9cor is fabulous . best ceiling ever . we really liked the dramatic table in the center . equally impressive was the full-length , glassed-in station with market items on display . the bathrooms are starkly white , whereas the resto is very dark . the menu is large enough to please all . everyone in our party found something that suited . prices are commensurate with an establishment of this sort on the strip , although the resto week menu seemed very reasonable considering the options . one of our party selected from that menu , while the rest chose individual dishes . service was great - not too intrusive , not too negligent . not the best italian food we 've ever enjoyed , but perfectly fine . it was as i had anticipated it would be .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sat in the cafe ( front portion of restaurant ) and ordered off the cafe menu . we knew portions would be smaller , but a side dish of pasta for $ 22 is a little steep . i asked if the $ 16 caesar was a main course and was told it was a side dish for $ 16 . again , very steep for romaine and a little dressing . i saw the salad at the table next to us and it was nothing special . our drinks were never refilled and a different server came to the table for drinks , ordering , food delivery , and check . quite bizarre . two small orders of spaghetti and 1 iced tea for $ 50 without tip .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "crap , bad food , overpriced , and the worst service . did n't know such a mediocre restaurant could even exist at a 5 star property on the strip ? ! ugh ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "overall , it is overpriced but what can i expect for vegas . this is not someplace i would put on my return list . food service overview : the bread was delicious . the oysters smallest i 've seen . the milanese chicken over fried in my opinion . the ravioli was good . sat at bar because table wait too long . service slow but bartender nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i hate to say it , but i 'm a regular at this location . they finally did the remodel and now it looks like all of the snazzy new stores ! i love it ! this location is always stocked with a ton of merchandise so you 're sure to find the size that you want , unlike some of the other stores that seem to always be picked over . i 've mentioned it in another review but even if you shop here once a month , their credit card is so worth it ! they have a ton of great offers and rewards . you can also use it at their sister stores like gap , banana republic , and more . recently my friends have started having babies and they have so many cute baby clothes , clothes for men , women , workout - everything that you could need ! i love their basics too - like solid t-shirts , dresses , shorts , etc . i 've been coming to this location since i was a kid and do n't foresee stopping any time soon ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meh . as far as old navys go , this one has only the basics . the more trendy and interesting items seem to bypass this location . if you need jeans or a basic t-shirt , then stop by . if you want some of the cooler items they 've come out with in recent years , you 'll have to go to the arizona mills location or the one in mesa by the 101 and country club . also , sales selection is often pick over ... you should just go to the mills , honestly", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am ok with being treated like i am trash when i shop at thrift stores , but not when i am spending almost 100 on clothing and accessories from a `` brand name '' store . i purchased a pair of pants and the security tag was left on them . i returned to the store with the original receipt and all the tags on the pants . the women saw me as the alarm went off when i walked in , then watched me go stand in line . when i got to the counter it was as if i had executed the most well planned heist of 20 dollar pants ever . after examining the receipt as though it was a fraud and checking the computer countless times , she reluctantly removed the security tag folded the pants and told me to have a good day . not once acknowledging the fact that their associate had failed to do her job resulting in my disgruntled return . do n't worry old navy store associate i will not be back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was packed with people . i still was able to get in and get all my items in a relatively quick time . just about 30 min ! the line was so long but i got through quick ! the jeans table placed right next to the line enthused me to buy a pair ! at the checkout one on my sweaters rang up only $ 10 and the lady let me run back and grab a second one ! for that price ca n't be beat ! love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will admit that i only shop at old navy around the christmas holiday . the reason why is because the prices are amazing on there staff are very helpful around that time of year . the two things that i always buy at old navy are coats , jeans and sometimes i will buy a shirt or two if it is a good price . thank you old navy for always having great deals around the christmas holiday ,", "score": "4"}
{"review": "today i happened to stop by at this old navy location looking to purchase last clothes and shoes for my little sisters who are going away for summer break abroad with their father . after deciding what shoes i was happy with i remembered i did not recall my sisters shoe size . as i searched for my phone i realized i had forgotten it at home . ( oh bummer ) i politely asked to use store phone and was declined the service . `` but i drove here from a fair distance can i just use it to call and verify the shoe size of the six year old and ten year old '' . `` can you just make a guess and if they do n't fit , you can come back tomorrow '' i was very very upset with the level of and lack of service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oddly this location is rather bare . not as much inventory as other old navy 's . this is strange as it is located in a busy shopping center . they do have a variety of sizes in the items they carry the only issue is the service . you rarely find someone to help you on the floor . most are behind the main customer service register talking or training . i can say old navy is not pricy and always affordable . great sales in the back on clearance . you will find mens , women 's , children 's and infants .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "alyssa did a great job with customer service , a+ ! also , kudos to these guys for staying cool under the pressure of black friday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to this location several times and each time was a very positive experience ! the staff are always super friendly and helpful . this location has jewelry which is a plus since not all old navy stores carry jewelry . there is always a great variety of clothes and multiple sales going on as well . i will absolutely continue to shop at this store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i find my old navy experiences to be hit or miss but today was a hit . a good shopping experience with very nice ladies managing the fitting rooms and a friendly checkout person . we were able to shop without being hounded ( which is always nice ) and take our time making our decisions . when we needed help someone was there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seems like old navy caters more and more to kids and women . men 's selection gets smaller and smaller each time i visit . i think i 've had enough .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "such poor customer service ! i wish there was a no star option . my 4 friends ( who all had multiple items there were looking to purchase ) were given a 5 minute notice and when we went to try on our clothes so we could decide our final purchases and leave quickly as possible , we were denied access to the fitting rooms due to the rooms `` being closed two minutes ago '' . i alone easily had over $ 60 of clothes i was willing to purchase , let alone the others with me . we put our clothes on the rack and left . now the associates have more work to do putting by 4 people 's clothes back rather than making a sale . wo n't be back to old navy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "employees were not helpful . it was hard to find the right sizes because everything was crammed into a tiny space . i definitely wo n't be going back to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do love old navy . i have to say though , their quality has definitely slipped over the years . but for the most part , i can generally find something i like no matter when i go in . the upside of old navy is that they always give out coupons . if you sign up for their email service , you 'll get coupons all the time . literally all the time . during the holidays i was getting four a day . needless to say , i did have to turn off that service . but i went in the other day to grab a couple things and was given a $ 10 off a $ 25 purchase coupon . ca n't beat that ! parking at this location is awful though . it 's next to michael 's , a best buy , at bed , bath and beyond and all kinds of other shopping . getting in and out of the parking spot is hectic . best to park as far back as possible and just walk up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they serve great food ! they talk about their food with passion in the eye , so that say a lot about the quality !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lors d'un yelp elite event `` 90s karaoke party '' @ la p'tite place , je suis tomb\u00e9e sous le charme de l'exp\u00e9rience offerte par casa munayco . en premier lieu , j'ai \u00e9t\u00e9 touch\u00e9e par le personnel : leur passion se ressent autant dans l'explication des plats que dans leur r\u00e9alisation . ils sont pr\u00e9cis sur la pr\u00e9sentation d'assiettes \u00e9l\u00e9gantes et \u00e9lanc\u00e9es . les ingr\u00e9dients , formant une belle palette de couleurs , sont habilement mis en sc\u00e8ne . le contraste des textures apporte dynamisme et divertissement . avec des assaisonnements justes et relev\u00e9s , l'ensemble p\u00e9chu p\u00e8te en bouche . l'\u00e9quilibre est respect\u00e9 , rendant le tout d\u00e9licieux . dans ma to do list : je compte me rendre dans ce restaurant d\u00e8s que possible . mon coup de coeur : la brochette de coeur de boeuf servie avec patates mon astuce : un service traiteur id\u00e9al pour tes r\u00e9ceptions , qui fera voyager tes convives . avis initialement publi\u00e9 dans mon blog culinaire `` d\u00e9lice ou supplice '' ( lien dans ma bio )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a group of 5 of us came here for a final late lunch before heading to the airport after a long bachelor party weekend . and we all had our fill . i mean , our fill . we started with complimentary plantain chips and salsas - yummy . we got appetizers of sausage and chicken fries , as well as a tamale . both were pretty good . for my entree i had the tallarin saltado ( spaghetti sauteed with chicken and vegetables ) . the plate was e-normous ! ! i finished about half of it . it was just huge , almost too big . and i was so upset that i had to leave some on the plate to throw away . it would have been perfect for drunken leftovers the night before . but this was our last meal before leaving . so alas , i had to leave a heaping pile of goodness on the table . oh ! i should mention it tasted pretty damn good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellente bouffe et service impeccable et tr\u00e8s chaleureux ! je recommande ce resto \u00e0 tous : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is excellent , if you 're a ceviche fan then you must try this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bon resto p\u00e9ruvien . j'ai aim\u00e9 leur boeuf grillade c'est tr\u00e8s tendre !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best lomo saltado in montreal in my opinion . their specialty is grilling , so makes sense ! i wan na come back to taste their `` parrillada '' for two . my recommendation is to order a la carte and not go during the lunch hour menu , it is more expensive for sure , but the portions are enormous and it 's really worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food . alright service . horrible coffee . how is this place named coffee pub and the coffee tastes like water ? with the exception of the adorable and incredibly sweet busser the service was n't very good . we waited over 15 minutes for our check until finally we went to the hostess stand to ask for it . the server was kind of pushy and seemed annoyed when we asked for a couple of more minutes , the menu is huge though ! and the place was n't super packed . the food however was pretty good . we ordered the eggs benedict and the pub dip sandwich . both very good and would recommend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a favorite of mine since i was a little girl , the coffee pub is still going strong . one of the best spots in vegas for breakfast . do n't miss the smoothies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with my friends after a long night of drinking , and thank goodness we did . the coffee pub brought me back to life . we were quick to be seated ( as a party of 6 ) + the service was fast & friendly + a cozy , home-y feeling overall : the makings of my kind of breakfast brunch joint . we ordered a little bit of everything , as we were surprised by how large the menu was . classic steak & eggs , lobster omelet , boca burger , etc . all of which were tasty as heck . i could definitely see myself coming back here sometime soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the coffee pub has been here forever which is always a good sign . do n't be fooled by its appearance it is definitely a hidden gem of the city . the lobster omelette is delicious with their josefina cheese and their house potatoes never fail me either . the staff is super friendly and personable and makes you feel at home . the steak and potatoes is reasonably priced for a thin cut ribeye and is tasty but it 's not a steak from the steak house .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "coffee pub is one of our favorite places to grab breakfast in town . we almost always get seated immediately upon arrival . the coffee and coffee refills comes quick and is always hot . as a coffee drinker , i appreciate that they offer complimentary almond or soy milk as an alternative to creamer , and also stevia as an alternative to splenda or sugar . i usually get the veggie omelette with josephina cheese substituted for whatever the menu says . their housemade josephina cheese is bomb dot com . each of their servers as well as kyle the manager is very warm and hospitable . it has a very bed and breakfasty vibe from the decor but also from the extremely friendly and attentive staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . it 's small and always packed and very lively . it 's what you expect when you go to a cafe . service is excellent and the staff is really friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "both the chicken apple scramble and the southwestern chicken omelette were absolutely dry as hell . this was our first breakfast here , first time here . last time here . we wo n't be back . the service was just terrible . drinks never refilled . we had to go hunt down the check . my husband left half his breakfast on the plate . i have no idea where all the good reviews come from . it was not good . we will never go back . we always tip , and tip well . we know and understand what tips mean for servers in our city . they are easily half your income . we left $ 0.00 today . that 's how truly awful it was .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service by lauren was fantastic . food was good and at a much better and affordable price point compared to the super expensive choices in the hotels and on the strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a really good breakfast here . service was super friendly and it was off the busy touristic atmosphere . so we could enjoy our fresh meals in a relaxed surrounding . met a lot of locals here - you know what that means - place to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place . for a period of time this place became a daily lunch spot for me and the co-workers . from my understanding they changed management , and with that all the riff-raff left . so now you get nice waitresses who treat every customer like they have been going their for years . like cheers ! and if you ask if something is good , they will even give you their opinion . nice.. i 've only had 1 probably with the food . and all that was , was a mayo issue . mayo is the horrible step-child of the devil . thats what i think at least . but other then that no problems . oh . smoothies are n't too nice , i do n't drink coffee , and the chai teas are okay . if you hang out at starbucks , do n't bother . you are spoiled . : (", "score": "4"}
{"review": "edible . overcooked poached eggs , not a lot of flavor . tough pancakes , definitely not pure maple syrup . takes a while to get your food from the time you order . nice staff . potato cakes were good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've heard all the rumors of this historic breakfast brunch spot . we had sometime between events at work so we stopped in for lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! ! ! 5 stars ! ! ! great service ! nice atmosphere ! josephina omelette & sw omlette are great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very lowkey spot , you will miss it if you 're driving too fast . came with a group of 5 on easter sunday , seated right away which was nice considering all of the other places in town had hour wait times . ordered a short stack pancakes and potatoes . now let me tell you , these pancakes are n't so good without syrup . however , this magical syrup will make anything taste like gold . potatoes were greasy ( not at all a bad thing for me , i am a grease queen ) , but some were not fully cooked . still overall delicious & worth a try ! ! will be coming back to try other menu items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great breakfast place . very quiet off the strip but well worth it . food was fresh and delicious ! this will be a regular stop for us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hugh portions ! ! ! ! server very good and kind ! nice breakfast place away from the strip . wow parking ! price reasonable for the amount of food . check it out . signed celebrities photos on the walls .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i checked out the coffee pub last weekend with the b f and was pleasantly surprised . my directv installer guy recommended this place to me - who knew he was such a foodie ? ! i had an omelet and the b f had ... something i do n't recall exactly . all i remember is that both meals were great . the ambience was n't exactly an ideal brunch scene , but there was no wait to get in and the service was good . i 'm sure if the location was better , this place would be hopping all the time . ( weird , weird location ... )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had moved out of state and had n't been to coffee pub for years , and was wondering if it was still there . much to my delight , it is still going strong ! my daughter went on a beautiful monday afternoon and sat on the patio . just as i remembered , the service was excellent while being friendly and casual and the food was delicious ! we both had the lobster salad sandwich ( because i 'm gf and they have gf bread ! ! ! ) , and it was excellent . neither of us had a smoothie but i 'm guessing those are as delicious as always too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with my family to have brunch and we were surprised not only with the great food we had for a very decent price and how excellent the service was . very very recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an awesome place to visit for breakfast brunch lunch . good food . good prices . good staff attending . a comfy and welcoming place . i will come back here again definitely . good job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here sporadically for years and want to express how great this place is . the staff is always friendly and the food is always great . they make some great eggs benedict whether it 's with salmon , lobster , or any way else , it 's always fresh and delicious . this place is a gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a very quant little place and the food was excellent . i 'm going to come here every vegas trip for a solid breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had 2 versions of eggs benedict , and both were amazing . the chai tea late and `` chai this '' smoothie were also delicious , but the smoothie is a meal in itself . good location and friendly staff . i will definitely be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my in-laws and i ate here a few weeks back . this place is so delicious . it was our first time . i had the steak and eggs ( over easy ) . it was perfectly cooked . the side bread that came with it was soft and crispy . my in laws both had sandwiches . our waitress n staff was super friendly and knowledgeable with the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "servers were wonderful , full of life , boisterous and fun . food was good and at a good price . the meat quality was average which is why i say the food was good but not great . blended coffee looked like it would be too sweet but was just right . you could taste the coffee , and got the flavor of the chocolate , vanilla and caramel or whatever you ordered . the atmosphere was charming and comfortable , good for small groups .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soooo good ! must try waffle with fresh whip cream ! service was incredible , great workers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had the pleasure of coming to this establishment since back in the days and it has never disappointed . some of my favorites have always being the boca burger w a powerlift smoothie that always hits that special spot . make sure to come by and give this little coffee pub a try because for me is being always a great treat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "open from 8 am to 3 pm . nice outdoor seat and dog friendly . love the food and our waitress lauren rocks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great waffles ! ! ! fluffy , delectable , ample ! ! ! will come back on my next trip to las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place for just coffee but even better with coffee and breakfast . service is down to earth and laid back . nice little hole in the wall breakfast spot", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the great food and coffee here are only the beginning of the experience . they almost seem like a given . the awesome , friendly staff really put it over the top . i ate here for breakfast , and was so impressed that i took my wife in to try it the very next day . make sure to check the board out front for specials , they rotate and are really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "old town fashioned mom & pops restaurant type . greeted welcome upon entering . good customer service . much recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an hour to kill so i stopped in for a quick coffee and some wifi . the staff was friendly and my chai latte with espresso was as good as it gets . would definitely stop in here again . i did n't eat , but the food that passed by looked and smelled great . will definitely come back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice atmosphere and people . really enjoyed the big wally omelette ! it is an interesting combination of cream cheese sun dried tomatoes & scallions . the choices of sides are nice . the standard brew coffee does not stand out here as one might expect . an improvement perhaps that would be appropriate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we originally went to egg & i and line was long so yelp and found this place . hole in the wall but the best service and delicious food . not sure if it was the manager or owner but he constantly checked on us . cup of coffee was never empty . alot of healthy selections without the extra cost . love it . highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "again , wonderful service provided by a young nice man . he greeted us immediately and got us something to drink and our dog a water bowl . i opted for the # 1 sand which , it was so big i could only eat half . and i got a small cup of the soup of the day : chicken tortilla ; it was sooo good . perfect to help cure a st paddys night . my boyfriend got the scramble which he enjoyed . service here is the best and the prices and quality of food is top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "off the strip a bit but best waffle we ever had ! ! it 's a hole in a wall for sure with crappy pictures on the wall and a old building feel but that did n't matter , the food was really good except the hash browns that were not cooked all the way . the service was great though , friendly happy staff that was efficient . it was a great option for us being vegetarian vegan . it 's worth the uber if your on the strip to eat there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places for breakfast & brunch in town . whether your looking for a great spot for a power business brunch or a causal way to start the day with friends , this is the spot . great service & delicious food . a little tucked away on sahara mostly surrounded by office buildings . for those that want more than denny 's to start the day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this little place is amazing ! ! ! huge portions and great service . i ordered the stuffed french toast and it was delish ... if you 're in the area , it 's a must . ohhh and hot chocolate is also a must .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service . i got the la jolla sandwhich which was to die for ! ! ! my friend got the lobster sandwhich , it looked great . lauren is wonderful , down to earth and friendly . she gave us free soup to try , since it was our first visit . upbeat atmosphere . pasta salad was very good . definitely coming back soon . maybe tomorrow", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to say three visits if three great experiences . i myself am a health nut so i debra ask if their food is organic and i could n't sit there and tell you . but what i 'm in a rush and i 'm close by i stop in and i always take care me . i tell them i 'm in a rush there for me would you can cook quickly what they can not . i 'll let you know what i 'm interested in eating and how i like it prepared . they explain to me what category of breakfast meal my request falls under . save me some money and some time . i also get him a huge bonus for serving grits ! ! ! do n't eat fast food stop in here and have a great breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is excellent they have great service and my food was cooked to perfection i ordered the reuben sandwich and it was fantastic my wife ordered a gargantuan chicken salad and it was excellent she stated my cousin ordered the lobster omlet and have no complaints well worth the time and money . price was not that expensive only costed about $ 25 for me and my wife", "score": "5"}
{"review": "standard breakfast fare , well prepared and fresh . no fanfare , no pretense . a place so good and confident that they open for breakfast at 8am ! the potatoes were excellent", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wanted to get a quick breakfast before leaving vegas after a fun weekend . looked on yelp and this was very close to our hotel ... i 'm glad i looked on yelp first , this place did not disappoint . great menu with a little bit of everything - and some vegetarian choices as well . husband and i had california eggs benedict with potatoes . yum ! we will definitely go back and try other things because everything looked delicious . super friendly waitress and fast service - it was 9:30 on a sunday , so not super busy ... but by the time we left it was getting busy . easy parking and easy access to i-15 if you want a place to hit right before heading `` home '' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was a 3 the service gave it an extra star . the waffle was good , the omelette was over cooked . they allow you to swap the breakfast potatoes for fruit at no up charge which is rare . the waitress was very friendly and took good care of us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great coffee and breakfast ! very friendly staff ! highly recommended ! coffee pub rocks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ! ! ! well worth the walk from circus circus hotel . delicious eggs florentine and my honey got steak and eggs . outdoor seating ! lovely atmosphere , great food and great prices . glad we visited !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we each got an item and split the tall stack of pumpkin pancakes . the pancake was amazing ! ! ! ! i wish i could take them home with me . taste like fall in the midst of this blistering heat ! the potatoes were good too and the croissant was on point . will def be coming back here . great service too . kind and friendly ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another winner at this adorable place . it is like even new customers feel like they are regulars , that 's how much this place gives a home feel . lauren is always welcoming you with open arms , she 's an amazing server . this time i had the redondo sandwich with a side of fruit . the bread is warm and crispy , there is a lot of turkey on the perfect amount of cheese , and then there 's tomato lettuce and avocado . delicious ! the sandwich is wrapped perfectly , it is thickly stuffed yet does not fall apart at all while eating until the last bite . fruit was cool and fresh . our favorite breakfast spot in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its exactly what vegas lacks , in a good way ; small , cozy , breakfast sandwich shop . their service can be slow at times , so i would n't recommend going when you 're in a hurry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we tried the coffee pub for the first time today . what a nice change from franchise restaurants . we came in at closing time , 3pm . they 're only open for breakfast and lunch . the owners were so polite and served us quickly . they came by often to see if we needed more iced tea and even offered to give us carry out cups with more iced tea . the sandwiches were fresh and tasty . i thought the prices were reasonable . we plan to go back again soon as the menu looks interesting for breakfast as well as appetizers and main course dishes . i like it when the owners chat with you and make you feel welcome . they appreciate your business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this one of my favorite hole in the wall breakfast places in las vegas . friendly personable staff . even though i only come once every few months they always recognize me . great portions great quality . i always leave the hotel for breakfast at this place . drop in i highly recommend this coffee pub .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spanish omlet is excellent ! waitress was the best service we have had in vegas so far !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the coffee pub . a great place for locals to hang out and we 'll let the tourists stop by as well . always great service and great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hometown breakfast done right . the salsa on the huevos rancheros was not for the meek but i loved it . my son had the salmon benedict and his teammate had the stuffed french toast . all were amazing . get off the strip and enjoy a great and inexpensive breakfast in the real world .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we dropped by for brunch around 11am on a sunday and were pleasantly surprised to find no wait for a table . you can bet many other breakfast brunch places around this time to have at least a 10 to 20 minute wait . the service was very friendly and prompt . the decor was casual and comfortable . there is a patio with some tables , but they probably get little use during the summer . we ordered eggs , pancakes and a chili omelet with potato cakes . just a note , the potato cakes are not latkes . they are hash browns . that being said , the food was very good and satisfying . the pancakes were fluffy and tasty . the chili in the omelet tasted meaty and fresh . definitely a good place for breakfast , brunch or lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place , this is my new place to go . it 's loud but the food is good and the staff is so nice and they are just the happiest people on earth . the portion sizes of the sandwiches r crazy u can share . best place ever for s good sandwich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . one of the best breakfast places in vegas ? nothing special here : ambiance is dull - celebrity photos of `` d '' listers ; regular diner food which was ok and coffee not notable . i do n't get it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this little gem was awesome ... i came here by myself on a last minute whim while in the area . i felt very comfortable eating by myself , as there were other `` table for ones . '' staff were very welcoming and there were regulars that would come in and out . very accommodating vegetarian options ... i had the josephina omelette with spinach and avocado ... . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was fresh and delicious ... the service was excellent and very quick ... highly recommend their omelets . if you ate here before and did n't like it , i would give it another chance ... we did and were very pleasantly surprised ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the dog roommates to tag along so the host seated us away from the entrance because it was a hazard to have the dogs by the door . party of four sat by the side walk tables and the wind was pretty chilly out , thank god i had a jacket . i ordered a veggie burger which was roughly $ 7 . enjoyed my meal but at the end our hostess wanted us to pay already and apologised for asking because she explained how it was getting busy inside . if youre in the service industry youre not suppose to rush your guests whatsoever to pay its common sense . i mindfully did n't roll my eyes but understood where she was coming from but was hoping she could keep her queue on the down low for future reference .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awsome food , lots of breakfast varieties very nice service . great coffee as well . we had a great time : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "literally the best breakfast and service i have received in quite sometime . the veggie omlette and pumpkin pancakes were great . they keep your coffee cup full . the prices are excellent ! definitely a must try . just a short drive from the strip . also , the ambiance is nice and calm . cute cafe feel . strongly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are thinking of having a great time while having good food and great coffee , then stop by this beautiful place . everyone seems happy and that they actually enjoy their job . you get that from their smiles and jokes to the food you are served . we had lauren help us and she was the best ... from telling us jokes and being a real person , to laughing and enjoying all her customers . i 've been in the service industry for awhile and i appreciate when someone give great customer service . so thank you to everyone that works here and a big thank you to lauren for making our morning amazing . 5 stars all around and more if i had them . please stop by and check them out , you wo n't regret it ... ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the lobster omelet and pumpkin pancakes . both were delicious ! their toast was perfectly toasted . the regular coffee i ordered was just ok , and i was n't a fan of their potatoes that came with the omelet . other than that i would have given it 5 stars and i will definitely come back . the decor of the place is really old but i did n't mind it . the waitress was really friendly so that 's another plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "with all my travels and dining experiences hands down the best service ever wow fantastic and the best eggs florentine i 've ever had so far homemade hollandaise thank you hairdoc tk", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a hidden gem off the strip . the moment we walked in we were greeted in the friendliest way . service was amazing , all the staff looked happy to be there . food portions were large , perfect for sharing . our server was always smiling and went above and beyond . she even offered coffee to go . will be back when we are in vegas . love these small mom and pop places !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to check this place out before church on sunday . upon entering the place , it was immediately recognizable as a california style bistro pub that serves breakfast and sandwiches . i opted for the veggie omelet and had fruit with sliced tomatoes . the omelet was large with 4 eggs and needed some cholula for seasoning . coffee was good and service was friendly . overall i would say this is just a decent little breakfast joint . i may come back and get a sandwich and update the review with lunch recommendations . we shall see .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great little find we made on our trip to the city of sin . the food was great , service had personality , very timely . we are putting this on our list of go to places when we come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've lived at zazu for about three years now and could not be happier with their service ! not only is it an enjoyable place to live but any time i 've had a question concern issue it has always been addressed and taken care of within a couple days ( if not hours ) . the staff here are great and i would highly recommend living here to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is about as gross as you can get ... . it smells horrible and utterly flithy . avoid this hotel ! but seriously , it smells disgusting and it 's nauseating . another tragic feature or lack of feature is that there are no curtains to close when you want to sleep or undress . the entire parking lot can see into your room . sadly , there was a street light right outside of my window that was shining in my room and it was really hard to sleep ( see pic ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "place was disgusting ! room was dirty and the maid forgot to clean it before i got in . this made me so uncomfortable ! ! ! not recommended", "score": "1"}
{"review": "would get one star if it was n't for tim , the most enthusiastic and positively minded shuttle driver in america . the front desk ( yes , you robert ) was terse , rude , and eye-stabbingly slow during a checkin of several stranded flyers . it was like he was deliberately moving slow just to punish us . check in with 4 people in line took over 35 minutes even though we all had the same airline voucher for our stay . i slept on top of the comforter at night after reading other reviews .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do not stay here . all the bad reviews are true . do not stay here . sleep in a rental car . sleep at the airport . do not stay here . stains everywhere . the smell was god-awful . do not stay here . nothing works . the ac would n't stay on . do not stay here . the refrigerator sounded like a freight train and had to be unplugged . do not stay here . furniture ? hairdryer ? coffee machine ? toilet seat ? broken . the good news ... sign in the lobby said that they no longer accept cash and only accept payment with credit cards now . i guess the strip joint next door was n't turning out clientele that was aligned to their brand .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my flight got cancelled until the next morning . hotel seemed fine until i woke up and saw two roaches in my room .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was placed at this property because of a missed flight connection and had to stay in charlotte overnight . i had stayed at this property two years previously due to a similar flight issue and was pleased to be sent to this location again - until i arrived ! the property has clearly undergone a change in management since my last `` visit . '' the quality of the property has seriously deteriorated . the property is warn and unclean . after checking in , i requested a wake-up call and was told that the telephone and email service of the property were down `` because of the flood . '' it was suggested i use the alarm clock in the room - which turned out to be broken . the next morning when i asked what time the shuttle to the airport would be leaving , i was told that it would be delayed because `` you know how the airport traffic is ! '' how am i supposed to know charlotte airport traffic when i live in los angeles ? !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "avoid this hotel . the rooms and hallways felt somewhere between cheap dormitory and prison . walls are not very soundproof , i heard yelling in the next room until 4 am . the overall feel is dirty , in spite of the sanitation score listed in the lobby . did not feel safe trying the free breakfast , so i have no idea how it was .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fucking place . do n't stay there . they were so rude and fucking duty on the bed . plz trust me they do n't do cancelation when i just cancel my trip", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hotel was like others said old and ran down feeling . smelled like an old building that had n't been used in a long time . wall socket had a short in it , had to wiggle the cords in the socket to get it to work . fire hazard ? i think so ! on a very positive note , the bed was exceptionally good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we waited for an hour for the shuttle and ended up taking a cab because it never showed up , even when we called the front desk and she said it was `` on it 's way . '' the hotel is run down and has a funny smell . room was not very clean , bed was made with new sheets but it was tough falling asleep on 30 thread count sheet . would not recommend it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after my flight was cancelled , this is the hotel that i was provided with by the airline . after a 50 minute wait for a shuttle to the hotel , i arrived at the front desk and then waited 20 minutes because the computer was down . finally got to the room , and the tv had no remote and would not turn on at the switch . then i noticed a piece of what looked like a broken grounding post off of a cord to a hair dryer stuck in the bathroom outlet . this is the worst hotel that i 've ever stayed in , negative star rating .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give it zero stars i would . do not stay here unless there is no other option . rooms are filthy and the managers make you feel slightly uncomfortable . we saw the room and left . kind of the scene for a thriller movie .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sadly i did not know any of these reviews before getting my so called discounted rate . i thought aa would set me up with something a little nicer ; and please note i payed the same as i would have if i went online . there was no real discount . if i knew this or any other review i would have gladly payed and took my business elsewhere . room is pretty dirty and since reading other reviews i 'm sleeping clothed on top of the bed . i will not make this mistake again . i have stayed in better hostels overseas then this place . staff was friendly but i will never stay at this hotel chan again and will gladly pay another $ 40 elsewhere so i can at least live comfortably and not worry about bed bugs or cockroaches . i wish i could be refunded and i would gladly go somewhere worth while even if i 'm only in my hotel room for 6-7 hrs", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yuck ! ! a missed flight and a coupon from us airways got me stuck in this pit . it 's by far the worst hotel i have ever stayed in . like a previous reviewer stated , i would rather sleep on the airport floor . i ca n't believe us airways sends people here . i plan to avoid us airways in the future if this is considered acceptable to them . dirty scary hotel . lots of sketchy looking young men hanging around the lobby .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dated looking hallways and carpet . up to date decor in the rooms . beds are comfortable and the things that matter in the bathroom are clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "us air bungled my connection at charlotte international airport and put me up at this motel for the night . + only 1.8 miles away from airport + front desk checked me in under two minutes - i found the alarm clock unplugged , the phone does n't work at all and the tv remote control can mute but it does n't change channels - the shuttle only goes to the airport once an hour - the parking lot is partially flooded when it rains . there appears to be drainage issues - the hotel decor is outdated by 25 or 30 years and looks very rundown , dirty - hallway lighting is insufficient - the electricity outlets are so beat up that my chargers for my phone and mac wo n't even stay in them so i ca n't even get any work done - $ 59 night ( paid by us air ) seems expensive for the quality of this property . on a side note , u.s. air should be embarrassed for putting passengers in this motel to suffer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst experience i have ever had was staying here . after missing a connecting flight on us airway due to an engine problem they had offered us to stay at this place . all the reviews here are so true . if only i had read the reviews before i would have preferred to stay in the airport floor or book a hotel and pay for it instead . the carbon monoxide alarm went off and the flash strobe light went off for the rest of the night . there was no phone to even call the front desk and tell them of the incident . we were so tired but did n't sleep all night . in the morning we told the person at the front desk and he did n't even seem to care..just asked what room number we were in.. did n't say sorry or anything . if i could leave a -5 rating i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nasty would be an understatement . dead roach when we walked in the room . american airline placed us with this hotel . i would never book a 1 star hotel . needless to say slept 2 hours , in clothes with towels on top of the bed . could n't leave quick enough . first shuttle to airport we got on would much rather sleep in a airport chair .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hotel was disgusting . there were stains on sheets and had dirty towels . asked for clean towels and an hour later they only brought one , had to wait another 20 minutes for them to bring again . i wish i read these reviews prior to staying here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was put here after i missed my connection . clearly , as my mom always reminds me , you get what you pay for . after sitting at the airport last night for about half an hour waiting for the shuttle , now told that the shuttle will be 10 minutes late this morning . that was 20 minutes ago . not a surprise given other comments on this place . unpleasant stale odor ? check . seedy feel ? check . owner clearly milking this place for every dime . the only partially redeeming quality ? front desk associate was friendly and courteous . thankfully , i do n't plan on missing a lot of flights at clt ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am commenting regarding this hotel 's denial to provide a room to a us military serviceman . wtf are you people thinking ? to deny service for a person who may , god forbid , put his life in peril for our country ! the sacrifices that this young person has made to ensure that our way of life continues , and yet to turn him out into the streets ? the apology emails were , although seemingly sincere , are too late . your establishment had committed a foul and i hope others will spread the word of your company 's position regarding service members . do not stay at this hotel ! ! ! ! ! ... ... .sgt . usmc", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had reservations for 5 rooms for one night due to an over-night layover at the charlotte airport . my group of 9 people got stuck stuck in port au prince , haiti and were delayed and missed their connection in miami to get to charlotte . the second i learned they would n't make it to charlotte for the night i called the hotel to cancel the reservation . i realize it puts the hotel in a tough spot but it was something we had no control of . i would have been happy if they had reduced the charge just a little bit but no , $ 115.00 x 5 = $ 575.00 straight to them for no services rendered . will not use them again . i did , however find a hotel near the charlotte airport that has great services , prices , and are more helpful - it 's the comfort suites airport . their address and phone number are : 3425 mulberry church rd , charlotte , nc 28208 phone : ( 704 ) 971-4400 . they charged less by $ 15 a night and had nicer rooms .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one star because the bed was decent and yelp does n't low anything lower . everything else was absolutely awful . bad breakfast . bad carpet . small outdated bathroom . broken coffee pot . loud halls . i did n't book this hotel . it was the only thing available when i got in a travel pinch and now i know why .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had to stay here last night because my flight was cancelled . my goodness i did not sleep well at all . the hallways are sketchy and dark plus too wide . there was a gross stain on the floor in the room . the room smelled like a mixture of urine and coffee . stains on the bed sheets . worst of all the ceiling vent in the bathroom randomly started leaking for about 30 minutes . does n't seem like a safe hotel but offers shuttle bus to the airport which is nice . there was no shampoo bottle . just 2 conditioner bottles ... overall the hotel seems like it does n't fix anything or clean anything . it 's not difficult to do ... learned my lesson and next time will stay at an upscale hotel", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stranded in charlotte by an airline and gifted a `` discount '' voucher only to be reminded how much it pays to read reviews ! the first room i was placed in was a previous smoking room that has been converted , unsuccessfully and the bed was missing a mattress pad , half the lights were n't working and i could hear every thing the people in the next room were doing . the front desk granted me with a new room which was delightful-at first ... until the night club fired up the bass . seriously , it 's 3:01 and the bass is vibrating my bed ! i need to be up in 3 hours and ca n't believe i paid for this ! bad made worse !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst hotel ever ! ! ! completely disgusting and the staff was rude ! ! ! the hotel reeked of cigarettes and our room looked like a homeless person was living in it . also , it appeared that there were `` transactions '' being made in the lobby . i would rather sleep on the floor of the airport then ever return to this repulsive hotel .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had our business renovated by thistle dki , they turned it from a restaurant to an office building . we had a quick turnaround time and they worked with us to make sure we met the move in date . joe was the project manager and he made sure to keep us informed and up to date with the progress of the building . he kept us involved and made sure we did n't have any surprise costs . we had quite a few changes during the process too and he was more than happy to help us with any last minute changes . the end result was wonderful and our building looks great . their team was very professional and i would highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had an extension renovation due to a water leak and dki handled it all . the employees were always very professional and accommodating ! despite wanting several upgrades and texting our project manager often , everything came out perfectly . one of the owners , danny , was even very upfront about what the costs were and if certain services could be obtained cheaper by another company . i loved his honesty . i would definitely use them again . but , hoping to never have leaks and needs to ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this cabinet guy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! also every aspect of this company is wonderful . they have done everything in a very timely manner . i would recommend thistle dki for all your cabinet or remodel needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had water damage to laundry room , bathroom and living room . thistle construction came out right away with a reasonable estimate . they started work that week and was done within a few days . mark did an awesome job with the drywall , paint , and floorboards ... bobby , from quality assurance and richard my project manager were there the whole way making sure everything was done to my satisfaction and done in a timely manner..i would highly recommend this company . review by kim wood", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thistle dki renovated my home for me and did such an amazing job ! truly impressed with how quick the turnaround was and how amazing they were to work with . great customer service and work . i would definitely recommend them to anyone in need !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great company . they did everything they said they were going to do in a timely matter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my home was flooded a few days before christmas ! humberto and jesse came out fast and were able to remove the water . i wish i were the home owner other wise i would have let thistle continue to fix the damage ! we 've been waiting for over 3 weeks for the landlords insurance choice to come out and fix the home . its been a nightmare but through it all the guys at thistle were amazing to work with and even found existing mold in the home that the owners either did n't know about or knew and did n't disclose it . bobby was very helpful and kept us up to date with everything they were doing and kept our insurance company up to date . as an insurance agent myself i will gladly recommend their services to my clients and know my clients will be treated with amazing services ! thanks guys ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have used thistle dki twice this past year for water leak issues . both times they were very professional , courteous and always arrived when they said they would be there . i would recommend them to anyone needing water restoration as well as for their repairs , we were very pleased with the outcome both times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "top class job done by bobby and our project manager joe ! made sure everything was finalized before he left . triple checked all work done . really wanted to make sure we were satisfied with the job . huge thank you to dki for all your help ! honesty and quality was superb ! i would definitely recommend calling them before anyone else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after dealing with other companies that kept flaking on me , my insurance recommended i contact thistle . i could n't be happier with their service . alex called me right away to schedule an appointment and came out the following day to assess the damage . he explained that the other companies were charging me for items that were not needed in the restoration . this ended up saving me a lot of money . we were able to schedule the repairs right away . bobby did the repairs for the water damage from the water heater leak in the garage . bobby is excellent at answering questions and did not mind taking the time to explain the process to me . the repairs came out looking better than the house when we bought it . thanks bobby !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had some damage to my home due to flooding in an adjacent townhouse and thistle dki was very quick to come to my aid . they dealt with the insurance company , handled the scheduling and handling of the contractors performing the repairs and communicated with me throughout the entire process . they made a horrible situation a great deal easier to deal with and were kind and curious throughout the time i worked with them . if i should ever need assistance again when dealing with a home or business disaster , i will no doubt call thistle dki .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a house fire and lost everything i owned . during this tragic time , i was lucky to find thistle dki ! i was lost and did n't know what to do ! i needed someone to guide me through the process and danny did just that ! nothing was too much for him ! he was the most compassionate , professional and experienced person for the job ! he always took my calls and answered all of my questions ( and i had so many ) ! i asked him to please rebuild my house exactly the way it was prior to the fire and he did just that ! i was so thankful to find danny ! he is a superstar !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had major water damage over thanksgiving throughout our home and enlisted thistle dki 's services . after interviewing several companies , i was sold on danny thistle and his team . danny has assembled an amazing team that is not only easy to work with but is filled with true craftsmen delivering quality results . danny was knowledgeable and communicated well answering all questions patiently while estimating the work . richard was a fantastic project manager throughout with excellent follow up . miguel and his team did an excellent job with drywall , crown molding , baseboards and paint . clay was a top notch electrician who also found and resolved issues discovered from the previous owner hidden in the walls . last but not least was the amazing cabinet work lance performed . he came recommended as the best in the valley and did not disappoint and was able to match stain and wood throughout the house seamlessly . our project was large affecting nearly every room in the home and thistle handled it with skill . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an amazing and compassionate company . thank you so much for helping in restoring our sign at dsosn .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to this place for a nice saturday happy hour ... . saturday happy hour made it all worthwhile . and yes the happy hour was nicely priced . my server seemed a little forgetful , not bringing my beer glass , forgetting my sake , etc. , but she was sweet . sitting at the sushi bar was nice because i got to chat to the young japanese sushi chefs . very pleasant conversation as i caught my buzz , i must say . i had just a basic albacore nigiri and a philly roll , nothing to write home about . place seemed a bit crowded , probably for the football game , but after my bomber i was enjoying myself . overall , the sushi ai n't that wonderful , but its a fun place to catch a buzz and get some basics .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent happy hour ! great selection of vegetarian items ! i recommend the krisp greens roll , it has lettuce along with asparagus , avocado and carrot . they top it with a vinaigrette that makes the roll taste like salad sushi . it 's light and delicious . i was also impressed with the amount of avocado they put in my roll , no skimping on the fillings ! cheap , yummy vegetarian sushi !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice server and cooks but the food was just awful . the crab puffs had large chunks of raw onion and overpowering taste of garlic . sushi was made like large burritos which was just not right . definitely not going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sushi 101 has spoiled me . i ate my first roll here and can not find another place that is better or even equal to the taste and quality of sushi 101 . i 've been going to sushi 101 on a regular basis for almost two years now and it never disappoints . the rolls are made with the utmost care and the staff is outstanding , friendly , and share the same enthusiasm for sushi as the customers . this place is amazing . try some other sushi places in the valley if you want , but sushi 101 will always be on the top of your list !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good sushi ! the vegas roll and golden state roll were the best ! i would recommend this place , just be careful what sushi you order because a few roles come with only 5 pieces and are sorta expensive . oh and if you want a tasty spicy roll get the tiger 's eye roll . i could keep naming rolls but you get the idea !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i eat here from time to time when i am in phoenix for business . the sushi is ok . i tend to be attracted to all-you-can-eat sushi and sushi 101 is adequate for this specialty cuisine . i usually sit at the bar . the speed of service could be better as it always seems either the sushi chefs or the servers are complaining about working too many hours . the variety on the all-you-can-eat menu is extensive enough for most nominal sushi-lovers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came here tonight , waited 20 minutes for a server and left . they were not busy . no one even looked at us . no one brought water . the only plus was that they thanked us on the way out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sushi can get really expensive so i was excited to find a place with a great happy hour . i think it 's from 4-7 and then 9-close everyday . sushi is half off ! try the las vegas roll , it 's one of my favorites . i would n't suggest going any other time beside happy hour because the sushi is never consistent . i think there are different sushi chefs . it 's all good just some are better than others .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great time at sushi101 . leant how to make sushi rolls . awesome fun highly recommend as fun sunday . thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have n't been here for a while . love this place ! has a great menu of rolls you do n't see other places . the staff is super friendly , the manager actually engaged in conversation with us . the sushi chefs make great food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was driving by and decided to stop in for a quick happy hour dinner . service was typical college girls ( um ... like duh ... ) ambiance is nice , besides the fact that i was surrounded by less then average intelligence college kids . sushi sucked . i ordered the spider roll ( really bad ) , alaska ( tasteless ) and a glass of house chardonnay . if it were not for the ok wine and ambiance , this place would have received 1 star . oh , and the parking sucks too . the spots were pretty small , i was totally expecting a ding on my door . thank goodness i beat both lot neighbors out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a friend suggested this little hideaway for lunch today and from reading previous yelp reviews , i did not expect to see much . there were n't a lot of people there so we were seated promptly and our waitress , arielle , was very attentive . the sushi was fresh and the price was quite affordable . this is not a place for those seeking ambiance or romance . it 's a just a place for okay sushi and cheap drinks . based on the location , it seems to appeal more to the college crowd . i probably wo n't be back even if my friend suggests it again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "every roll i ordered was delicious ! i especially enjoyed the lemon head roll and cheetah roll . i was also pleasantly surprised to see vegan options ( while i am not a vegan , your girl does like eating vegan at times ! ) i ordered the vegan tuna and it was really good , i believe it was a seasoned red pepper on rice but delicious none the less . we were there celebrating a birthday and service was awesome , for your birthday you have the option of $ 10 gift card or a free dessert . i will definitely be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in on a friday night , place was n't packed but was pretty busy . did n't have to wait to be seated . everyone was very friendly and attentive . when our waitress was busy with other tables , the guy who was working the bar came over and made sure our table was doing well and that our beverages were kept full throughout our time there . i ordered the lotus roll , baked tofu roll and the gardenfire roll . the lotus roll was the best of them all in my opinion , the mango is a fantastic addition . the gardenfire roll was good , packed some good heat . the baked tofu roll was very bland compared to the other . still good , but i love avocados and they make everything better to me anyways . a bit pricey , but most places like this are . would eat here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not the greatest sushi place in town , but the happy hour makes it all worthwhile . the food is good . nothing mindblowing , but you can get a nice meal here . cheap beers , reasonable rolls , just okay service . it is practically on campus , so if you are a grown up , it might not be the place for you . i like it well enough to have eaten here a dozen or so times in the past five years . i always visited at happy hour , and have never had a bad experience like other reviews mention . at a middle of the road place like this , i stick to standards : yellowtail rolls ( spicy or not , you pick ) salmon rolls shrimp tempura rolls why mess around with anything more complicated than that ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "eaten here a few times with groups and have never been real happy with it . service has been terrible every time -- they forget to bring things out that i 've asked for , fill my green tea up with black tea when it 's halfway down , and pick the tip up while i 'm still at the table . all that has happened to me multiple times there . just negligence . none of it is that awful , but there are so many better places for sushi , so why bother with this place ? also , their rice is almost always too dry . they never taste fresh , do n't have anything original , and the service is bad . seriously -- why bother . go to kabuki , sushi time , or sakana . just a few options that are worlds better than this place and within 5 miles .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was new to the city and found her through google while searching for cat groomers since my cat is a senior domestic long-hair . i was desperate to get her shaved as it was getting hotter and more humid . i was very intrigued by the positive reviews and her friendly personality over the phone when setting the appointment . she also generously offered to come in on a day when she was not actually open , but i was just thankful she called me as soon as she got my message . kat was really kind and personable on top of being professional . she was very friendly and knowledgeable about how to handle my cat , even though she did n't enjoy getting shaved ! she calmed my cat down , taught me and my boyfriend a bit about how to handle her , and was very quick as well . the facility is really nice and organized , and payment was fair and easy to complete . if you need a groomer , she 's excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kat takes such good care of charley the pug ! she has a sincere appreciation of his needs . there is always a cast of characters at pets on point ! convenient to regent square and the east end . competitively priced , great customer service ! really nice decor and comfortable waiting room . and a nice thai place next door if you have time during your pet 's appointments . she does groom cats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "waited for this new groomer because its really convenient to me . overall very happy with the service- they have a clean comfortable facility and the grooming was done right . price was comparable to what i have seen around pittsburgh so i plan to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visiting family for 4th of july . took my favorite pet lika to this place . the groomer did a really good job i had fun talking to her . she was really friendly and i could tell she had a connection with lika . lika is an older dog so i am glad she handled her with care . no complaints !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful & relaxing cruise along loch ness - if you 're looking for a nice , enjoyable morning along the loch , look no further planned a relaxing voyage along the black & mysterious loch ness for my parents who love these things & we all had an enjoyable time ! our package included a stop at urquhart castle & while it was nice , we 'd have been just as pleased had we only done the boat ride they are n't even kidding when they talk about how black the water in the loch is ... .. it comes from the high peet content in the water ... .. but it also adds an air of mystery no nessie sightings while we were out but we did see lovely estate homes including the huge greenhouse that provided fresh strawberries to the area cute little guy bicycled all along the shore w our boat & kept perfect time - seemed to be his regular daily routine ... .very sweet !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was really excited to find out that we were going on a cruise on loch ness . our contiki tour included this as one of our included excursions so it was already part of our package . the cruise started at 10 am which was a bit early for us but we definitely beat the rush . we boarded the jacobite warrior . it was overcast but the water was calm . we enjoyed the beautiful scenery which included views of urquhart castle and the surrounding highlands . there was a prerecorded audio tour coming from the speakers inside the covered cabin . if you do n't want to be out in the cold wind , the covered cabin is heated with plenty of comfortable seating . they also had a cool menu of snacks and drinks on board . prices vary depending on time on the water but it 's worth it if you 're already visiting in the area . call ahead for group rates or book online .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on a quick first trip to the highlands , i decided to try a jacobite tour . i 'm not usually one for name tags and big groups with strict itineraries but in this case i was without a car and desperate to get out of the city . for 25 pounds we got a great tour guide bursting with local history and knowledge , a nice cruise up loch ness and an hour to roam around urquhart castle with a nice country ride back to town . in all it took just over 3 hours and we really enjoyed ourselves . i recommend this tour group , and our tour which was temptation , to other first time visitors !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a fun cruise around loch ness , a quick little hike around urquhart castle , and a visit to a humble little museum about `` nessie , the monster '' . charming and exactly what we wanted . alan , the driver , was charming and had great whiskey advice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "normally , i 'm not a cruise kind of person but when i was a kid it was a dream of mine to see the loch ness monster ( normal childhood right ? ) now that i 'm all grown up ( or so i tell myself ) it seems sort of corny ( but secretly i was still interested ) so i decided the best way to hunt the monster was to camp it up a bit ( do it right , go all out ) and jacobite seemed the way to go my intuition was n't wrong it was a fun trip ( it was wrong about little nessie though i did n't get to see the monster : - (", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a boat cruise on the lochness river to find nessie and tour a castle afterwards ? ? great great great entertainment . lots of choices to choose from depending on how much time you have during the day ! rain 's alot so do n't forget your umbrella !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir haben die freedom tour gebucht , was bedeutet : wenn man nicht in inverness startet , sondern etwas weiter unten am loch ness ( clansman hotel ) startet f\u00e4hrt man eine halbe stunde lang auf dem see zum urquart castle und kann sich dort eine stunde lang die schlossruine und das besuchercenter anschauen und wird wieder zur\u00fcckgebracht . optional kann man sich auch von inverness aus mit dem bus runterfahren lassen oder von dort aus mit dem boot zu einer dreist\u00fcndigen tour starten , die allerdings den besuch von urquart castle nicht beinhaltet . die freedom tour kostet 17 gbp , wovon allein schon 7 pfund auf urquart castle entfallen . insgesamt eine sch\u00f6ne m\u00f6glichkeit den besuch von loch ness und urquart castle zu kombinieren , wo eine besuchszeit von einer stunde wirklich mehr als ausreichend ist ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was very happy with the recent cruise i took with jacobite to see loch ness . the boats do end up rather packed though . another slight negative to the cruise is that most of it is spent slowly moving along the caledonian canal , while still cruising i was hoping for a bit more time on the loch and maybe 1 or 2 more knots . nice options of trips though , and good options on where they drop you off at the end , all for a reasonable price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the jacobite cruisers are a great way to see loch ness . there are a variety of different boats with varying lengths of cruise and therefore different prices to suit your budget or time constraints . the majority of the boats also have a small bar selling tea , coffee , beer etc . the cruise is also a great way to find out a bit more about the loch and it 's geology and history .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the jacobite cruises are a good way to see loch ness and the caledonian canal . there are various cruises to choose from and various boats . you can even hire a cruiser for a function or corporate event . the cruises are relaxing and the boats are well kitted out . i went on a cruise to urquhart castle which was very relaxing and scenic . there is a bar on board if you would like a refreshment . you can sit inside or outside depending on the weather and which you would prefer . the staff on board were very helpful and entertaining . the boat i was on was comfortable and provided everything you needed for a short trip . i went with a group of friends and it was a great trip for being able to chat and relax and enjoy each others company in the nice surroundings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very disappointing - boat was too big , too crowded , too noisy ! could n't hear any of the commentary . nothing special - it could have been any other lake in any country .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i took the freedom tour which was an hour cruise and an hour wandering about the urquhart castle . the cruise had an audio playback which talked about loch ness , the monster that supposedly haunts the lake , the castle , a big of scottish history and local legends and stories . their staff were all bubbly , courteous , ready to help and very pleasant . the one hour that was allowed on to the castle ground was enough , not too rushed but we did n't need to wait in boredom until the boat comes round again . i would definitely recommend them !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for any of you who are heading to scotland and will be making the trek up to inverness , consider signing up for one of these day cruises . jacobite offers several different touring packages that vary in length and type of transportation ( want to take a boat ? a motor coach ? both ? guess what -- you can ! ) we took the `` sensation '' tour ; it was a 3-hour boat cruise up loch ness with a stop at urquhart castle and then a bus ride back to town . the boat ride itself was fun -- a few hours in we were treated to an impromptu whiskey tasting ( yeah , try downing 3 reserve 's and a single malt before touring around the castle ... . ) by one of the chivas regal distributors , which was an excellent surprise . if you 're a student , the bonuses get even better as they offer a decent discount . sadly , no nessie sightings ; ) maybe next time ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great way to travel and see the banks of lochness from the comfort of the boat . there is a cabin area on the boat so if the weather is bad you can sit inside and enjoy the trip without getting wet . the staff on the boat are knowlegeable and friendly . urquhart castle looks great from the loch and who knows you may even see nessy : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff has really gone out of their way to improve the classes and i am very happy with the progress . still has room to grow but my kids love their instructors and i am seeing some great progress .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst customer experience . after you stop classes they bill you for an additional month , per contract . then they overbill you that additional month , adding on a bogus late fee , then you have to talk with their terribly rude staff when they call threatening you with putting you in collections . then they finally settle for more than you think is fair . hassle hassle hassle . beware ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my daughter loves this place . amazing coaches , great activities such as parents night out and also camps during school breaks . its a huge facility . lots of kids and all of the kids have a great time while learning some excellent gymnastics skills . i will always recommend brown 's gymnastics to anyone that asks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bubala , you looking for a new york-style deli in las vegas ? look no further than woods family ! oy ! the pastrami is just like back home . almost kosher ! as kosher as you 're going to get on the west coast ! try their daily soup special ( or their daily `` tomato bisque '' ) . order a whole pickle and ask for it cut ! it 's hard to run a deli right but woods family does it right and makes it look easy ( which believe you me it is far from easy , let me tell ya ! ) at a price that will keep you coming back for more . ask for a punch card . catering available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely a 5 star sandwich joint ! had the classic italian and wow , was it delicious ! also sampled the pastrami and the flavor was amazing . i really love how soft the bread is as well . the service was as good as it gets , and they even asked how we liked it . we felt really `` at home . '' i really hope this place blows up big time . and i will definitely return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a fan of supporting local businesses , especially restaurants so when i heard there was a family run sandwich spot near me , i had to try it . it 's situated away in a more industrialized area which i like because it does n't get lost being around a bunch of other restaurants . i had a roast beef sandwich and potato salad and both were pretty good . i am a big eater and i thought the size would be a problem , as a 9 '' sandwich is their biggest but as a combo , it definitely was enough food . the bread was soft and the meat was flavorful . when i first tried the sandwich , and the potato salad , i was n't really expecting what i tasted . it was good but different from any that i have had before even though it was comprised of the same items . the flavor actually seemed to taste more homemade , which actually caught me off-guard at first but really enjoyed it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am telling you this place rocks . i drive across town to get my sandwich fix . staff is great and the owner really cares..i am a weekly customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i were visiting my dad in henderson recently and had the pleasure of eating lunch here ... .and we were not disappointed . my husband had the french dip and his comment was `` the best french dip i have ever had '' . i had the black forest ham . it was packed with ham and veggies and was so good ( loved the rolls so fresh and delicious ! ! ) my dad wanted a salad and he was served a huge salad and i believe it was under $ 5 - he could n't even finish it because it was so big . the staff was so friendly and helpful - they obviously get a lot of return business because the staff knew a lot of their customers by name ... ..always a good sign when people keep returning ! we definitely will come here anytime we are in the henderson area and will try some of the other items . wish they had one located in california !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local sandwich shop . i had the italian and husband had the pastrami . both delicious . also very good potato salad . will be back to try the french dip next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a french dip which was a phenomenal ! probably the best one i had at a long time . i like this place also because its conveniently close to where i go shooting . if you in the area i would try this place it 's good . it 's seems very welcoming and family owned which is pretty cool . i definitely recommend coming here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was great ! the pastrami was delicious ! ca n't wait to try the others ! this could end up being my favorite place for sandwiches ! definitely agree with the other reviews !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the sandwiches here . delivery is insanely fast , they use great meats and breads and even their potato salad is amazing . their menu is extremely diverse and makes it really easy for everyone to find something they like . ca n't say enough good things about this place . i hope they stay around . if i had one tip to give the management , i would redo the menus to include photos of your most popular sandwiches . i was very surprised at how the sandwich was presented ( in a good way ) when i received it . i was turned off by the prices at first but once i got the sandwich i understood why they were priced that way . i recommend the pastrami sandwich with the potato salad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the italian sandwich , it was excellent . staff was friendly and service was quick . also ordered a french dip sandwich for my wife . she said it was the best french dip.sandwich she had ever had . overall excellent . i will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i just came here for lunch , and were quite satisfied . i got the cold turkey sandwich , and he got the hot pastrami - both were tasty . for our sides , i enjoyed the whole pickle ( quartered ) , and my boyfriend was pleasantly surprised by the cole slaw . all of the ingredients were very fresh , and the service was quick and very friendly . seating is a bit limited , but when we went , around 12:45 , it was n't crowded , so there was no issue . though i would 've liked more bread options ( and something for dessert ) , we will definitely be back . plus , they gave us a loyalty card ( buy 9 9 '' subs , get the 10th free ) , even though we just got 6 '' subs ( which was plenty of food ) ! the only downside is that it is a bit on the pricy side , but we were happy to support a new business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by for lunch while having my car serviced at an auto shop nearby . the sandwich was one of the best i 've ever had ! everything was very fresh and amazing ! it is a tiny bit pricey ( which is the only reason it 's 4 stars instead of 5 ) , but still worth it . i would definitely recommend to anyone in the area to stop by .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best sandwich shop in town ! all boars head meats and cheeses and even pickles ! the breads are delicious ! they have soup and turkey chili too ! the shop is clean and has a great atmosphere where you can dine in or take out . and lastly one of the best parts is it 's a small business that 's owned by a family like you and me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really excited they added to their menu and are now offering hot sandwiches ! ! i recently tried the meatball parm- yum ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "locally owned , it is the `` mom & pop '' place which is very rare here in vegas . you really feel at home in there . one of the employees makes bags and crafts and sells them , they have a table for local businesses to leave their card or flyer . they have a baby table with a few toys to keep your toddler entertained while you wait for your food . i love this place . the only opportunity they have is how much meat they put on the pastrami for the price they charge for it . they use boar 's head meats so i am looking forward to trying the italian next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this cute deli is tucked away in a buisness district behind the auto show mall . arlene was wonderful ... she guessed we were first timers the minute we walked in . she was so nice to go over the menu with us , explained to us the favorites.. and explained we could also build our own . bread hoagie was so fresh..i had the hot black forest ham ... delicious ! and my mom had the build your own pastrami which she loved . we are both so picky about coleslaw and their coleslaw is delicious and homemade . ca n't wait to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited las vegas from la and found this spot through yelp . all of the reviews so far have been honest . this place is very welcoming and a good spot to eat . the cashier is very kind and knows nearly everyone who walks in the store by their name . sandwiches are amazing . had the turkey sandwich and it was really good . parents got pastrami and tuna and they were completely satisfied . potato salad and coleslaw were both amazing too . definitely lives up to the ratings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is okay . the food is good , and nothing spectacular . with that being said , their prices are pretty high for what they are serving . i 'm kinda upset because they use to offer a space on their delivery receipts to include a tip for the delivery person , and i noticed that that was recently removed as an option . when i called today and ask if i could include a tip , i was given a very stern `` no . '' i feel pretty awful for the poor delivery person and i do n't think i will be ordering delivery from them again . i just do n't think that 's fair .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just tried their soup and wow ! i never get tired of this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the best sandwich shops i have eaten in and the customer service is great . everyone is very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the urge for a good sandwich today but was tired of all the franchise restaurants in vegas . found woods on yelp and was totally satisfied . my picky husband had the french dip which he totally enjoyed and i had the chicken salad which was delicious . owner was friendly and very helpful and answered all our questions . we will definitely return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here numerous times for lunch and have n't had anything i did n't like . much better and fresher than most of the larger brands . my personal favorite is the hot pastrami sandwich . simply great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i order classic italian for delivery ! the person taking the order was extremely pleasant ! my order was delivered on time ! the sandwich is yummmmm ! perfect !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great sandwiches ! one of the best egg salads i 've ever had . the service was quick and efficient during a noon lunch . roast beef sandwich uses quality boar 's head meat and comes with coleslaw , swiss , and 1000 island dressing but can substitute if you like . the coleslaw was a bit too wet for personal taste but still good . i wish there was more than just the hoagie roll for bread options but wo n't stop me from returning to woods !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little sandwich shop . the beef dip and the pastrami are so tender and tasty ! will definitely add this place to our list of regulars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "custom turkey bacon sammy on thick sliced soft sourdough bread . very helpful , friendly family sandwich shop ! a must if you 're in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first time at this sandwich shop . i ordered the italian sub to go . this was the best italian sub i ever had . everything was perfect . great meats , fresh veggies the savory dressing added up to a delicious meal . grand slam ! in the words of the great general douglas macarthur ' i shall return ! ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing really special about this place . but they have great sandwiches . a small sandwich spot tucked away in a corporate park . everything tasted fresh , they use all boars head meats . fresh bread , fresh veggies . 8.99 for the large pastrami which seems somewhat pricey , for what you can get in this town for less , but it was worth it . i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great find , very good food and extra kind staff . enjoyed finding this place on yelp after we were stuck behind a big subway line nearby . great selection of hot and cold sandwiches , soups and specials . it did n't disappoint !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really yummy sandwiches ! i love that they are close to touro so we can just walk over on our lunch break . they 're fast and friendly . they also give a student discount . i just wish they were open later on saturdays so i could go with my husband as he has yet to try them ! i 've only gotten the turkey , but i 've heard the french dip is a must try . i 'll get that next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this sandwich shop on a google map search & the shop had good reviews . it 's in an industrial complex 1 2 mile from auto mall in henderson . when you see the umbrella , you 're there . there 's outside & inside seating . the 1st thing i noticed was the boars head sign so i knew it would be good . it 's not subway like in any way . it 's a bonafide fantastic sandwich shop . they have a good selection of breads , the menu is great . i had the italian sandwich on wheat bread . it was so fresh & so delicious . if my office were in this complex , i 'd eat here every day . it 's that good . the service was friendly & fast . eat here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just flew into town and we are staying in henderson . we were craving sandwiches and this place was sooo good ! we even came back a couple times during our stay . the bread was fresh and so were all the other toppings ! the people were so friendly . loved our experience each time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . small , family owned shop with top quality ingredients . my favorites are the classic italian and the black forest ham . the owners are super friendly and help support other local small businesses . they 're pretty conveniently located , right next to the valley automall near the intersection of the 215 and the 95 , behind touro university . try the potato salad too , it 's delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "swung by today with a bunch of the classmates and was pleasantly surprised . this is a nice little sandwich shop located across the street from the school and it had a nice warm vibe to it . we were greeted by a super sweet lady working the register and she got me squared away with a build your own sandwich for $ 7.99 the sandwich was massive . you can add as many condiments as you would like . you get one choice of meat and a choice of cheese . they have premium toppings for extra . i will definitely be back again if i find myself with down time during lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast , fresh ingredients and convenient . we ordered the classic italian sub and egg salad on white bread . the sub had plenty of meat and fresh veggies and the vinaigrette was tasty . the egg salad recipe tastes very close to my homemade one . the only thing that was lacking was that the white bread was a bit stale , hence the 4 star rating . we will be back to try their soups and other sandwiches .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like the turkey sandwiches , and so does my 5 year old , which is the main reason why i drive 30 mins to this place . i have made several orders here and 90 % of the time , my simple sandwiches were made wrong . last time i received 50 % off , which i appreciated . but the order from that discount was made with a salad lettuce mix and not the regular finely chopped romaine . i never heard back from them after my facebook review..but i did notice they responded to other reviews on there . i would really like to return to this place.. hope to hear from you guys soon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best sandwich i have eaten in a long time . the bread was fresh , so we 're the vegetables nice and crisp . i will be back to try the other sandwiches .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the italian sub . it was a solid 3.5 . nice people and great service . sandwich was good , but have had plenty others that i rate higher . i think this place thrives on local business employees for convenience since next to automall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stumbled across this place by chance looking for a customer . excellent find . fresh ingredients made to order . tasty potato salad . hit the spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "people placed an order from work , so i joined in . i was really hoping for a chicken parm , but alas , none to be found . i settled in for a meatball , which did not disappoint . sure , it was pricy compared to a place like subway , but it was also 10x better than what subway calls meatballs . looking forward to trying some other items and hoping for a chicken parm in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great sandwich ! i was in town for work and needed something that was close by and i found this place . i had the turkey pesto hot sandwich and thought it was one of the best i have had . they were very friendly . definitely try it out . kind of an odd location but it was easy to find .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coming from california ate at this place got to say is the best sandwiches in a while the pastrami sandwich in the french dip are very very very good i would highly recommend this place for a good lunch family owned with family values i will be coming back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time visiting ! ordered the italian sandwich and also the roast beef toasted with cole slaw on top . both sandwiches were excellent ! every ingredient fresh and made to order . staff was very friendly and helpful . will definitely be back ! ! many other items to try ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite sandwich places in henderson . used to come here frequently when i worked at a neighboring business . the owner is amazing . she is welcoming and personable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a nice little lunch spot if you 're looking for something quick . i really like that they use boar 's head meat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they come into my work often to do our lunch orders , which is pretty cool . they deliver obviously . customer service is on par though . their food is alright , nothing to get excited about . sandwiches are usually bland in taste but do the job when you 're busy but hungry . in all honesty though , the sandwiches are far too high priced for what you actually get .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was getting my oil changed at acura and was hungry around lunch . after looking on yelp the only restaurants within walking distance were mustang sally 's ( no thank you ) and wood family sandwiches . well i walked theee about 15 min from acura and ordered the oven gold turkey sandwich . it had plenty of delicious turkey , tomato , avocado , cheee , lettuce , and a mustard vinaigrette . really good sandwich . little pricey but understandable for quality ingredients . prob would n't go unless i was kinda stranded there as it 's tucked in a business park out of the way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great sandwiches and super friendly staff ! the location is conveniently close to the valley auto mall . if you 're in the area and hungry it 's definitely a good place to stop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . i had the pastrami sandwich and it was really good . the bread was super soft , there was a good amount of meat on the sandwich , and a good amount of mustard to make the sandwich great . i also had the coleslaw which i thought was not bad at all , and i do n't even like coleslaw . i 'll be back to try something else .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a good friend of mine that lives in vegas recommended woods family sandwiches . wow ! everything is fresh and delicious ! the staff are all very friendly and efficient . i plan on making it a regular stop when i 'm in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "subs were great and staff was really friendly . small kind of hole in the wall place . i definitely recommend it and would come back again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely delicous ! my boyfriend and i both had the french dips and they were full of flavor . the staff was on top of everything and very friendly . i will definitely be returning to try everything else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was packed ! and for a good reason . very friendly sevice and fresh tasty sandwhiches . it was a bit pricey , but worth it because of the big portions and freshness . will definitely be back . worth a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great turkey sandwich & very tasty potato salad ! will definitely be a repeat customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw this place as yelp stated it was close to my home and job . kind of off the beaten path almost missed it . i had the pastrami sandwich which was ok kind of pricey for a 9 inch sub ( $ 9.99 ) . not sure i would return -capriotti 's in my opinion is better", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the sandwiches are fantastic . i 've had the turkey , turkey pesto melt , and the french dip , and all were very tasty ( especially the french dip ; wonderful meat and perfect bread ) . i will most definitely be heading back to try the classic italian . do yourself a favor and pick up some of the potato salad too ; soooo good . i always call in my orders for pickup and the service is very quick . now go eat some lunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pass this guy on gibson american pacific all the time holding a sign for this place . tired of subway and firehouse is pretty good but wanted to try a new place . got ta say the italian sub was delicious ! ! ! will definetly be back . $ 10 for a 9 '' sub and half was more than enough for 1 meal ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a group of 12 that i needed to feed and had to pick up the order before operating hours ! daelyn was awesome and oh so accommodating . not to mention the food was wonderful ! woods family sandwiches offered a nice assortment for any food palette , the sandwiches were huge - i made 2 meals out of it . lets talk about the pickle , normally places give you a slice of pickle not woods , it was sooooo good . great food awesome price ! highly recommend this shop . oh and they now have 2 locations ! wahooooo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so we kind of found this place by accident around the corner from our delivery , and they have east coast food ! real italian subs , wraps , salads , etc ... they also had italian ices and they sucked ! ( luigi 's in the walmart frozen section tastes better ! ) , but my hubby loved the sandwich ! i ordered an everything bagel , and honestly , it was `` just ok '' , but was n't even close to a bagel from back home in ny . kind of tasted like a frozen bagel , but whatever i guess . we will still come back and try them again !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the sandwiches are delicious and the people working there are really nice . too bad they 're not open on weekends ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and the food was amazing ! the people were very friendly and the service was excellent ! we will definitely be returning . my fiance had the buffalo chicken sub with chips and i had the hot pastrami with their homemade potato salad ( delicious ! ) and a kosher pickle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this deli is explains why i love it : order form for how i like my sandwich made , fresh ingredients and high quality meats . we ordered the golden turkey hoagie , pastrami hoagie , potato salad , and chili . excellent chili , potato salad , and sandwiches with a rarity of alfalfa sprouts . finally , a real quality deli .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! i own a business in the automall and its so convenient and the food is great ! they deliver and even have someone stop by and take orders which i think is a great idea ! stop by and try them out you wo n't be disappointed ! and thank you dakota for always taking our orders and delivering our food so fast we greatly appreciate it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful tuna salad sandwich , great coleslaw , pleasant staff , fast service in a clean welcoming restaurant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , first of all , i feel like i should tell everyone i am a manager for jimmy john 's gourmet sandwiches on lake mead pkwy . so , i expected better service from a family owned place . it took about 10 minutes before anyone asked to help me or even welcomed me . the older lady with short hair was very rude . i ordered the buffalo chicken crunchy , which the title is very misleading , by the way . you have to put the `` buffalo '' sauce on it yourself , which is just some tapatio and that is n't buffalo sauce by any means.. why call it a buffalo chicken crunchy if there 's no buffalo on it to begin with and then give me an attitude saying , `` uh , no ! you put it on yourself ! '' when i very nicely asked for extra buffalo sauce on my sandwich . will not be eating here again . rude staff , below average food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! ! ! boars head deli meats , fresh bread , awesome sandwiches . great customer service . one of the best sandwiches in vegas ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've ordered from this place several times and each and every time they are consistently delicious and friendly . thank goodness they 're around ! the pastrami sandwich is the greatest and my husband loves their veggie wrap and potato salad . i will recommend this establishment to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ein ganz wunderbares kleines suppenbistro ! wir sind auf das heimathafen west durch den restaurant tipp von prinz aufmerksam geworden und waren begeistert ! frische , leckere und g\u00fcnstige k\u00fcche und das alles gepaar mit einem sehr symphatischen team ! es gibt mehrere tagesgerichte , sowie einige getr\u00e4nke und snacks . die tagesgerichte wechseln t\u00e4glich w\u00f6chentlich und bieten auch immer mind . ein veganes vegetarisches gericht . gegessen wird an einfachen holztischen auf b\u00e4nken , immer unter den aufmerksamen augen des gastgebers : - ) danke f\u00fcr diesen sch\u00f6nen aufenthalt , wir kommen gerne wieder !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sch\u00f6n , dass einige features aus der zeit um 1960 erhalten wurden , u.a . die vitrinenartige schaufensteranlage- schade , dass abgesehen von einem sehr ausdruckstarken riesentisch ( vintage ) , die neuen zutaten greislig modisch sind- peinlich auch die beschallung- zur auswahl stehen werkt\u00e4glich zwei suppen , ein dessert , ausserdem brownies und die \u00fcblichen kaffeespezialit\u00e4ten-", "score": "2"}
{"review": "total nett und famili\u00e4r ! obwohl es zur mittagszeit eigentlich immer brechend voll ist , f\u00fchlt man sich wohl . das essen schmeckt exzellent , weil wirklich selbst gekocht aus frischen zutaten . 2 . portion f\u00fcr hungrige gibt auch ! das geht offenbar durchaus , man fragt sich , warum andere mittagstischlokale das nicht hinbekommen . daf\u00fcr ist es das gute essen dann eben irgendwann aus gegen 14 uhr 30 . f\u00fcr vegetarien ist die auswahl allerdings sehr eingeschr\u00e4nkt , also am besten vorher telefonisch fragen , was und ob es noch was ohne tier gibt . top : wer einfach nur wasser trinken will , der bekommt das umsonst .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich hab bisher mehrmals hier gegessen und kann nur sagen , dass bisher alles hervorragend geschmeckt hat , was die betreiber auf den tisch gezaubert haben ! weiter so ! absolut zu empfehlen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had high hopes for this company . i wo n't go back . we had two awards that needed a very professional touch and the first time we picked them up , the lettering on one of the crystal awards was flaking off and on the other one the lettering was printed off the award missing a whole letter , i ca n't believe they sent them out like that ! ! we brought them back asking for replacement and they had about three weeks to correct the mistake and they did correct them however they attempted to invoice us a second time and one of the awards was printed on the back side of the glass so it sat in the box backward . just not very professional seeing we picked them up 3 days before we were set to leave for the conference we needed them for .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband got a stethoscope and needed the nameplate engraved . it was this very small piece of aluminum-coated plastic , and the stethoscope company wanted $ 7 and up to three weeks to do it . nuts to that ! so i took it to my local engraver and had it in less than 24 hours , for a little less money . also , the man behind the counter was very friendly and pleasant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been doing business with cathy & mark for over five years for all of our corporate and event awards and it has always been a pleasure . they do nice work and have never missed a deadline . i would recommend them in a heartbeat . loyal d. o'leary wisconsin chapter national elecrical contractors association .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough about troy and everyone at borne customs ! they have worked on almost every single one of our cars from our '64 lincoln , '08 bmw , '07 jeep ... they can do it all and you will leave knowing it will be done right the first time . i have referred several co-workers and every single one has loved working with everyone at the shop . keep up the good work ! i know i have found a shop for life ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is one of the best jewels in az . professional and polite staff and the work is done right . did a beautiful paint job on my custom bobber . i had a very specific request and troy made it happen without any snags .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "borne customs was referred to me by a friend . after being introduced to troy ( the owner ) and discussing the project i wanted . i was extremely pleased and comfortable with troy leading the charge on my new build . super nice down to earth guy who is extremely detailed oriented , he exceeded my very picky and high expectations . i would occasionally stop by and was more than welcomed to see how the build was going . it was awesome to see the process and his team labor over every detail . troy made the whole process a breeze . i ca n't say enough about borne customs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know that the boys at borne customs are known around town for pouring their hearts and souls into their work on classic cars.. but i own a 2012 mustang that i , myself love deeply . unfortunately , there has been several times in the last five years that people around the valley have hit , scrapped and dinged my car.. and every time i call troy with disappointment in my voice he says with confidence in his , `` bring it in , you know we 'll take care of it '' . some one who 's self esteem is affected when her car does n't look as good as it could look , really , really appreciates the time these guys have put in on my car over the years to make it look like new ! thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in panic mode when my foster dog decided to scratch a hole in my rental houses carpet . do i let my boyfriend `` wing it '' or do i just pay someone ? pay someone . the repair guy josh was super efficient and very friendly . pricing was decent as well . i 'd rather pay $ 150 and get my $ 1000 security deposit back anyday ! stellar work . would totally recommended ccr and josh for your carpet repair needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . my dog got to my carpet and i called them for help . they sent josh who was very nice and prompt . he called me a few days before my appointment to verify everything and showed up on time . he went over everything he was going to do and gave me a quote before doing any work . yes they were a little expensive , a little more then i expected to spend but for the work that was done and the customer service i do n't mind paying more . if i ever need help again they will be the 1st people i call . i would recommend them to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a las vegas homeowner landlord who used creative carpet repair for emergency carpet repair between tenants . creative carpet repair sent out two different carpet companies ( a carpet cleaner and carpet repair service ) . both companies performed mediocre work and seriously overcharged me . furthermore , people should be aware that creative carpet repair is not a local company . they are a nation-wide referral service . what this means is , if you call their nation wide call center for carpet service , and they send out a local company to do the work . the kicker is they charge the company a referral fee ... which is in-turn passed along to the customer ( you ) . so , if you want a truly local company to do your work , do n't be deceived by this company and look else ware . overall , i was disappointed with this company and the services they provided . i would not recommend them to anyone i know .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i received a ring for christmas that needed to be sized . went into this location to drop it off . a salesperson by the name of tim was at the counter . i told him what i needed and he was less than thrilled to help me . i had to ask to see a ring sizer . i had to ask him about how long it would take . he didnt offer up any info at all . it was like pulling teeth . i realize this wasnt a new sale and he wasnt making any money off of me but the ring was bought at kay and he should have been more willing to help . i usually shop at a different jewelry store and after this experience i would never step foot into another kay jewelry store . i will give helzberg my money instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been shopping at this location for a few years now . i will only deal with brandon . he is not pushy at all . i didnt know much about what i was looking for when i went shopping for an engagement ring . brandon was very helpful through the entire process . he helped me to pick out the perfect ring within my budget . ring shopping can be a scary task for any guy but when you are ready go see brandon . he even calls me when something i have looked at in the past goes on sale or clearance . i was able to pick up a very nice mavado watch when it hit clearance thanks to brandon 's call . i am headed back today for the wedding band that matches the ring . i highly recommend kay , but ask for brandon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hate places that act as if you are stupid the moment you walk in - `` are you sure you left your precious wedding ring here to be serviced ? '' . yes ! it was only 2 weeks ago , i think i would remember where i left it ! on top of that when they did locate my jewelry it was damaged . 3 diamonds were missing from my band . they then basically accused me of it being that way when i left it . and then tried to get me to sign the piece of paper that said i was satisfied with my jewelry . the only remedy is that they replaced the missing diamonds free of charge . i appreciate a business that fixes screw ups but do n't mess with a woman 's most prized possession", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my real problem with this store is how pushy the salespeople are and the fact that they try to upsell you even when they know you are on a budget . my husband got my original engagement ring at this kay jewelers . we went in recently to see about having it upgraded and were told that not only do i have to turn in my original ring plus the amount of the original ring in order to upgrade . in our case , that would be $ 4000 . sorry but not many people have that kind of money just laying around . before this incident , i was a frequent shopper at kay . i have purchased necklaces , rings etc ... i 'm not sure why we could n't just turn in the ring , get the value of it and put that towards a nicer ring . because of this , we will not shop at kay jewelers anymore . ever . their policies are awful .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "find a better company that has better quality.. my husband bought me a $ 8000 ring and within a year diamonds were falling off and the problem with kay 's is you have to take your product every six months in order to have them replace it for free.. i do n't think within a year that anything should fall off if they had good quality products and i do not wear my ring on a daily basis.. i have been a customer for over 5 years and all i can say is it 's been rough and is always a fight.. horrible customer service as well you would think for being a chain company that they would have everything in their system along with the same protocols from different stores they do n't . i went to three different stores and they all told me three different things ... overall just bad go somewhere else ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i have been receiving several calls from realtors soliciting themselves since we removed a listing of our rental home from the mls . cold calling is one of the most obnoxious things ever . what 's even more obnoxious is to receive a solicitation call outside of normal business hours . this woman keeps cold calling both me and my husband , and did it at 7:30 this morning . this will never gain our business ! stalker calling people , especially early in the morning is unprofessional and straight up not cool ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "monique is highly professional , detailed , and hard working . monique is a realtor who truly `` has your back '' . what more can i say .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "monique sold my az home in record time . i had been through the extremely stressful home buying selling process several times in the past and my experience with her was the most pleasant one to date . she 's diligent and dedicated to her business . i honestly can not think of one thing to complain about . i 'd recommend her to anyone looking to buy sell in her area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful ! ! ! ! ! ! ! first visit was more than pleasent for me . i recieved my glasses in a timely matter and to be fair i am one picky person . not sure of the womens title i believe dr. assistant she had patience understanding but most knew what she was talking about and assisted me with the right pair of glasses that best suited me . no upsale knew what i needed and knew what i could afford . now my particular lenses where not cheap however i did not want to sacrifice quality on my eyes . my eye exam was very thorough and informative . all in all i found a new eye dr.. eyes on fountain hills .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "casey came to house on time . they were very professional . cleaned horrible sheet rock dust out of vents that should never have been there without complaint . it too a long time but they did a great job and cleaned up expertly . perfect expert job at a very reasonable price", "score": "4"}
{"review": "casey and raul came out to clean the air ducts in my mother 's townhouse . we connected with them via `` thumbtack '' . casey was very exact with his bid and was first to respond on the thumbtack site . when they got to the house , we discovered that the air coil was also very dirty as were the air registers . we switched to a different package which caused casey and raul to spend most of the day on the job . they were very thorough and we are super glad they called the air coil issue to our attention as it will increase the efficiency and life of the unit . i highly recommend wise-ventz and this will be the company i use for any of this kind of work in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "casey arrived on time and explained the process he would use . he did an excellent job including cleaning the floor under the dryer . he first vacuumed from the inside vent up and then went on the roof and cleaned from the roof down . he showed us before & after photos . i will definitely use him again , he is friendly and polite . excellent service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called wiseventz for a time sensitive vent cleaning . they scheduled us the same day that we called for an appointment . they came within the time frame they gave us and charged us exactly what we were quoted when we scheduled . casey & his work partner were very friendly , professional , came in , did a thorough cleaning and did not waste time . there was a minor issue casey noticed that their service does not deal with but casey took the time to explain to us what was happening and how to fix it . i would not hesitate to use this service again or to recommend them to friends . thank you wiseventz !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the crew from wise vents came out on july 31 to clean the dryer exhaust vent in the wall in the condo i 'm renting . i 'm so glad they did ! there was two years worth of lint and dirt accumulated which made my otherwise new and clean dryer not work right . after the wise ventz gentlemen worked their magic , the dryer worked great and had worked perfectly ever since ! i 'm more than satisfied with the service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ugggh i hate this subway . i hate it the most of any subway i have ever been in , including those i 've been to in gas stations . especially given that silvermine is right next door , i would never , ever go here except that i really like the subway tuna salad wraps and the silver mine tuna salad just ca n't compete . the vast majority of the employees i have encountered at this particular franchise have been either cross-eyed ( no joke ) or unwilling to interrupt their cell phone conversations to make me a sandwich . the best part about this subway is that if it were n't so terrible , i probably never would have tried silver mine , and silver mine is awesome .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i agree with the previous two reviewers . i 've shown up here 5 times for breakfast after my 10 am class ~around 10:53 ... every time except for once when they had a pretty reasonable employee , the people here have come up with some lame excuse to avoid making me a breakfast sub . ( breakfast subs are available from 7-11 ) silvermine next door is so much better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i dont know what others are talking about , but maybe its because i 've been there more recently . this was forsure one of my favorite places to stop by for lunch last semester , the workers were very fast , polite and they had really good music playing that set a good atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree , quite likely the worst subway on the planet . the employees do not care 1 % about you , or your order . i 'd rather have a sandwich from the dining hall in all seriousness . do n't waste your time , even if you crave subway - because this location will make sure you never crave it again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our review would be 0 of we could . food was awful and service was worse . worst spider roll i have ever tasted & i mean that because i spit it out almost immediately . we paid $ 80 for dinner and probably ate less than $ 10 and not for lack of trying . save yourself some money & frustration - just do n't go .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's too bad that i have to give this place such a low review today because i normally prefer to go edamame because of their food . today the service was just lacking . waited for 20 minutes with my boyfriend only to have a group of three people get a table before us because they know the manager . ended up leaving and i wo n't be back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's not a bad alternative from eating at makimono or dragon roll in terms of price and selection . however how does this location keep catching on fire ? i fear for the safety of its employees and patrons of this establishment . please invest in proper safety measures . until then i will opt for takeout .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "since i moved to toronto , more than a year ago , edamame is my favorite sushi place in town . i drive from north york to pickering just to have this amazing sushi . place is nice , price is reasonable , service is fast and food is always good . i have never had a bad experience in this place . i did n't give it 5 stars because sometimes the servers are a little bit grumpy or do n't speak english very well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the sushi service is really impressive compared to other all you can eat sushi places in the area ! they are fast in getting the orders placed except for the teriyaki and non-sushi stuff which usually takes longer to cook i guess.. sushi and rolls quality is not the best you can get if you are a real sushi , fan but it definitely satisfies a sushi crave because their sushi feels really fresh and well put together ! all in all i have visited this place like 5 times since they reopened after the renovations and i love it.. again , their prompt service in getting the orders is what made them gain me as a loyal customer that would never go to another all you can eat sushi place in the same area..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi 's ok , a little overpriced . not much of a selection in pickering when it comes to sushi so it 's a safe bet but nothing to write home about .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we are regulars here . we like edamame for its ayce menu , which is pretty big ! they have a nice selection of sushi and making , though it 's not the highest quality fish . i normally love mackerel , but it 's just too strong here . they have great salmon though , very generous portions ! i love the selection of appetizers and grilled stuff ( hello , grilled eggplant ! ) . the best part though is the service , so friendly , very attentive , we never feel rushed . this place is great for being an easy , good value solution for uber hungry sushi cravings !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "usually i would give this a 5 star . nice private seating , average all you can eat prices , good service ( thanks to the manager who is usually there ) and good food . however , last time i went the food and service sucked . the manager was n't present though ... i have a feeling that they are the reason this place is awesome and the staff were slacking since they were n't present . that aside ... i come here for the cucumber special roll ( uses cucumber as the rice ) which is only served at dinner and the salmon sashimi . bathrooms are clean and overall a nice spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am not that impressed with the selection and taste of the sushi and tempura . it is a bit pricey for the kind of sushi they serve but then again what can you expect with an ayce restaurant . nothing spectacular with the food . just ordinary .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the best ayce sushi place i 've been to so far . price is reasonable . the actual restaurant is well decorated , very modern . the staff are all friendly . this has become a regular for me for ayce sushi . i love sushi , so i am very picky . my husband on the other hand does not eat any seafood but there are many other options on the menu for him , and surprisingly he continues to come back all the time when i get my sushi cravings lol . he says the best thing is the cheese wontons , i agree , but as a sushi eater , i stick to the real stuff . one of my favs is the butter fish and salmon sashimi . the cuts are nice and thick , not flimsy like other places . and to end it all , even though i stuff myself with rolls , sushi , sashimi and tempura , i have to order the deep fried fresh milk . a must try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favourite sushi place in pickering . the food always tastes fresh , and the staff has always been lovely . currently closed due to a fire - hoping they re-open soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is def my fave sushi in the durham area . their sashimi is always fresh and tasty ... specifically the butterfish and salmon ! the service is always prompt and friendly too . my group of friends and i love this place so much that we 've been there every sunday for the past 2 months", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was a regular and then there was the fire . i struggled to find another place that i really liked close by as a sit down . sushi restaurant that was reasonably priced . i was so excited when i heard they reopened . they did a fantastic job with the renovations and the service during my visit was excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best sushi in the area . great service and friendly staff . excellent fish to rice ratio ( that 's important to me ) . been coming since they opened and have never been disappointed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i eat here fairly regularly , and it is good . i regularly order sashimi and sushi , some maki rolls and recently have fell in love with their ramen noodle bowl ... .so yummy ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not bad . sushi was good and they do n't cheap out and give you tons of rice with no substance . i 'd go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to edamame about 6 times over the past few months . i think the quality of the food is average . however the service leaves much to be desired . the male servers are notably more attentive and friendly than the female servers . there is one particular lady that is always extremely rude to customers . also why have a wifi network called `` edamame '' if you wo n't give the password to the customers ? change the name of your wifi network ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "im not giving a 5 star because im fan of the pepper beef and it was tough : ( other than that , i 'm ok with that restaurant , we only go there for lunch and the service is quick enough and we have plenty of time to come back to the office . prices , flavour and portions are not huge different from the big restaurant around the corner . i will go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great . this place does not let the drinks stay empty , they pickup the empty plates quickly . food is great for the price . ca n't believe i wasted any time at dragon rolls . this place is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second fire in about a year ? still had the `` grand opening '' banners up . what did they leave on overnight to have a fire happen at 5am ? not like they 're a `` slow and low '' bbq place that needs things to smoke for hours ... . oh well , bad food , high prices , durham region could do with one less crappy chinese-run `` japanese '' place . yong super buffet burned 2 years ago and did n't reopen , this place burned a year ago , and did reopen ... and burned again . here 's hoping the fire marshal gets to the bottom of it ... and here 's hoping this space is eventually used for something other than bad ayce `` japanese '' food . five guys or smashburger would be a nice fit in the area now that licks is all but obliterated . news story : https : www.durhamregion.com news-story 7373537-fire-at-pickering-sushi-restaurant-causes-damage-to-adjacent-units", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here for lunch on a weekday . i usually go to dragon roll sushi in pickering since they have good seating and the food is decent . going here the first time i can say that i will definitely be back to this place . the food selection is good . a lot of variety of sushi and other food like pad thai , woks , appetizers and salads . drinks are included in the price which is 15 dollars for lunch . the place is clean and the staff is very nice . food came out in a timely manner and the ordering was done through ipad as usual for sushi places . what i liked was that they give you the loyalty card where if you come for 5 times the next is free . i definately recommend to try this place as it is very affordable and the sushi tastes amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "exceptional food . served hot & fresh . great variety . order from the menu or all you can eat menu or both . food arrives quickly with terrific service . decor is pleasant but you 're here for the food above all . favourite spot for lunch & dinner . great for couples and families alike .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's always the same problem good service not so great food or bad service and great food . in comparison to the other sushi place down the road from here , the service here is excellent . the food not so great . not saying it was terrible , but mediocre at best . for a place called edamame , that was the one item that took the longest . the spicy butterfish should have been called the salty butterfish . the fish quality was also average , the red snapper sashimi had a bitter taste to it . i really enjoyed the beef roll though and cheap beer ! if you are any bigger than a 14 year old girl , do n't sit at the booths . at $ 20.98 per adult on a weeknight , i expect much more . when i think of a japanese restaurant , i think waterfalls and serenity , not crap coming through the speakers . the place i go to in newmarket is cheaper and much better . 3 stars because the service was good but do n't think i will return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i worked with damian 's associate `` nathan brown . '' even after i expressed my credit concerns he stuck with me 100 % . unlike other realtors that brushed me off because i was not an easy sale . nathan was very professional , very responsive , and a great listener . more importantly he found my family the perfect house and a bank that could work with me ( bay equity-ask for adam boles ) . they have their stuff together . i definitely recommend them ! thanks for your help ! -jeff , nichole , mason , & maverick ( the fam )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "damian is fantastic ! from the first phone to the last time i stop into his office just to say hi he is so professional and caring . my daughter says the famous guy that helped us by our home every time we see his picture somewhere . he was highly recommended by family and i am so grateful he was . he helped us get into our first home and the financing company he referred us to was also fantastic . thank you damian for our family home ! i will not use anyone else or refer anyone else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough about damian . from when my wife first talked with him she was so pleased and when we all met up i felt like he listened to what we wanted in a home and he worked hard to find a home that would be best for your family . he helped us find our first home and the company for financing helped get into a program with no money down . together they worked for us . he is such a neat guy and i trust him . i know he had our best interests at heart ! i highly recommend them to my friends and family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a great experience working with damian . i don\u00b4t know how he did it but he helped me negotiate the price of the house 20k lower than the appraisal value . i always felt that he was on my side during the negotiation process and he went above and beyond to help me . he is also very knowledgeable . thank you damian for everything ! gabriela", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started coming here when i moved to town in march 2016 . i left for a while and recently came back and it is even better than before . they crank the ac so it 's nice and cool during your workout , there is every piece of equipment imaginable and lots of space to move in between machines and benches . the classes are awesome and the wi-fi is beast . i feel so comfortable here , everyone is so friendly and diverse , and i 'm also looking forward to starting the new kickboxing class !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "air is often not working and staff could n't care less . never disinfect equipment so bacteria is live and growing ! kids zone does not disinfect either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just joined life time on monday after a glowing review from two colleagues at work . i had a really easy experience setting up my membership . in short , i sent an inquiry online and set an appointment by phone to come in that same day . i sent a list of questions i had in advance and they were all answered during my appointment . the sign-up process was simple - there 's no contact and i joined my colleagues ' network , so my rate is the bomb . my appointment was at 5:15pm , during their peak hours . it was definitely bumpin ' in there , but there was still plenty of available equipment . i have n't actually been for a workout yet , but i will likely update my review after i 've been going regularly for a few weeks . stay tuned !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my local lt is a platinum and this location is a bronze . needless to say night and day . i prefer the local planet fitness then this location . place is small and only one level . no pool and no gym . was overcrowded and just no space . equipment is old and needs to be updated . music is blaring on a 15 inch woofer , which seems a little much . gentleman at the front desk from aussie was friendly cool . an onyx location will be opening in approx november in south charlotte , which is needed as their are currently only bronze locations in charlotte .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been going to chef chan for over 15 years and it is definitely my favourite chinese food restaurant . the food is consistently good and in 15 years i think they 've only gotten my order wrong in 1 or 2 occasions . their dinner for 1 combos are also very good value ( $ 7 for fried rice , an egg roll , and a can of pop , and your choice of breaded shrimp , chicken balls , and a few others ) . i used to live in markham but moved to stouffville . i try to grab some chef chan whenever i 'm in the area and sometimes find excuses to drive down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ive eaten at many chinese restaurants in and around markham and richmond hill . this place is definitely substandard as far as chinese restaurants go . its a pickup only and they often get your order wrong ! my dear friend orders from this place and they often get the order wrong . the food itself is acceptable but nothing to write home about . i 'd choose other places around markham before coming back to this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been ordering from chef chan since i moved into the area 10 yrs ago . the pricing is high for sub-par food . if you want to order a combo , forget about asking for an equal value substitution , they will charge you $ 2.00 or more for each substitution , with an argument of it being discounted as a combo . even when i pointed out that the substitution had the same value or less . that 's b.s. ! ! i can understand if i was switching my item in the combo for a more expensive item , but has not been the case . the food is ok , but there are much better places nearby to order from without any hassles . i also once found a fruit food fly in the sweet & sour sauce for my chicken balls .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent value , fast and tasty ! our go to chinese takeout while we lived in markham and even after we moved to maple - still worth the drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best chinese food in markham hands down ! tons of value big portions . always fresh and they 're always friendly . if you have n't gotten take out from this place you should .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aways fresh , right , friendly , fast and accommodating . i 've been ordering from chef chan for about 12 years and they have never gotten my order wrong . this is a take out only and it just happens to be right beside the lcbo which is an added bonus . order food , pick up wine to go with food , pick up food . they are almost always fast enough to have it ready when i return from the lcbo . i 've tried every chinese food place in the area and i 've always returned to chef chan , the others never compared favourably . i even had a chinese friend point me to his favourite ( authentic ) chinese food spot in unionville which did n't measure up to chef chan 's freshness or friendlyness in my families opinion . our favourites are the fried noodle dishes , always generous on the meats and always consistently good with reasonable prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place that i 'm sorry i discovered on my last day in town . great fried wontons that actually have meat in them . pork fried rice also delicious . cooked perfectly and you can taste that they put the fire to it . decent late hours also . very good counter service . super reasonable prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious and fresh every single time ! the best chinese takeout in markham . love all their dishes . ..especially sesame chicken , sweet and sour boneless pork , cantonese noodles and so many more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "actually surprised so many ppl love this place . its not horrid , but not great either . good items : deep fried shrimp , chicken balls decent items : fried rice horrid items : cantonese chow mein ( has no flavor , noodles are n't crispy ) , and black pepper beef ( seems they add sugar to it ) , egg rolls ( but i 'm just not a fan of these ) . we ended up throwing out half of our dishes . but to get all of that for $ 30 is n't too bad quantity wise , i just expected being in markham for something tastier , like congee queen . lol . this place is hopping though ! ! ! crazy busy ... so its popular with lots of folks . i 'm just not one of them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is our go-to chinese food restaurant . my family and i have ordered here on numerous occasions for the past 5 years . it is a tiny hidden chinese take out gem , not for dining in , just a kitchen and a cash register and chefs who are very friendly and accommodating to fix your order the way you request ( ie . making a dish spicy ) . our favourite dishes are cantonese chow main , beef fried rice , chicken balls which are n't too doughy and have decent sized chicken in them . we also are fans of the beef and broccoli which has tonnes of beef and vegetables ! one of our favourite dishes here is the general tsao chicken which has a delicious flavour and a little spicy kick ! i would definitely recommend trying this place , prices are low to moderate , portions are perfect for family and leftovers and the food is great in our opinion !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "close , convenient , locally owned and great service . first time there and will be bank", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my senior pom in for a groom . the receptionist was friendly . i told her what i wanted ( teddy bear cut , clear the gunk around the eyes , keep around the head more fluffed up so she still looked like a girl , and i requested an oatmeal bath ) . we came to pick her up . i just did a quick look over and she looked ok . i noticed her eyes had n't been cleaned and around her head was pretty short . but whatever . when we got home i realized her haircut is very choppy and uneven around her head . one side is much shorter than the other . i was n't too worried about it being cut too short because it 'll grow back . but now it 's going to grow back unevenly too ... would much rather have gotten to speak directly to the groomer to give them my request and make sure it 's someone i trust to take care of my baby .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so incredibly happy with the service i received ! the staff were so nice . i was very scared to take my 8 y o cat there for his first time being professionally groomed . they were so gentle with him and the price was extremely good for what i got . they even texted me as soon as he was ready so i could run down and pick him up . i recommend this place to everyone , especially those afraid like i was , to get their cat dog groomed . i wish i could give more than 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend my dog 's leave looking and smelling good and they ca n't wait to come back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to puff & fluff for years . i 've only been to this location twice ( i think ) and this past experience was a very bad one for me . i took all three of my animals to be shaved . my two dogs got a very short cut but the groomer left the ears legs tail long and it all looked kinda silly . i had to bring them in the next day to fix it ( which was kind of an inconvenience ) . this was the first time i brought my cat to this location and they said they were n't able to bathe him . when they brought him out he looked so miserable and stressed out . he 's never had these issues at the other location . also , walking to the car , i noticed the car carrier was falling apart , turns out 3 screws were missing since i dropped him off . ( weird ) . i sadly wo n't be returning to this location , but i will however return to the other one even though it is a bit further .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "puff & fluff always take such amazing care of my dog and i love that i can text message the business too ! and my dog is never freaked out when i leave her so i know that they are loving her while she 's there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place ever very friendly and really takes care of your pets ! true professionals and local !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "puff & fluff took my kitty in last-second and bathed and polished her to look like the princess she is . the staff were incredibly sweet and personable , the place itself was immaculate ( and cutely decorated ! ) , and it was the most stress-free grooming atmosphere i have ever seen . most importantly -- at least for me -- their prices are reasonable . as much as i love to support local businesses , their prices are usually very high , forcing me to take my business to chains like petsmart . however , puff & fluff was just a few dollars more , and for a cleaner , friendlier atmosphere , it was well worth it . i 'll definitely be taking my kitties to puff & fluff from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yay for a fabulous experience with the recently opened puff and fluff arcadia ! the shop is clean ; the staff is friendly . i appreciated that they asked and listened as i explained what i wanted in the way of grooming before taking my dog . when they did handle my dog they treated her gently , it was obvious they cared for dogs . they called a few hours later ( as promised ) , my looked great with a nice even cut , smelled wonderful , and she was happy ! ! the price of the grooming is worth it for all the services and care received . i love that there are two locations where i can take my dog to get spoiled ! ! this is our groomer ! five stars for puff and fluff ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently found puff and fluff at 48th and indian school . it was actually a recommendation from my vet office , arcadia animal client . i could n't be happier at the shop , the personnel and how well my shitzu boys look . courtney took time to asks me how i like the boys cut and she did exactly what i asked . i 've been twice and will continue to take my boys there . totally recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "puff & fluff makes pet grooming an art form ! ! it is so amazing to see the transformations of the pets that come in here before & after as they take such great care with each animal ! the quality of care they give every animal is really incredible ! i also love that this is a locally owned shop that takes pride in everything they do sell . it is so hard to find that with all of the chains around town . i would not hesitate to bring my pet here for grooming or pet sitting . there is truly nowhere better to go in the valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they say if you want to be both successful and happy , find a career you truly love . when you walk into puff and fluff you 'll see that liz and her team have done just that . they are friendly , accommodating and fairly priced . most importantly however they treat your dog really well . when i pick bella up she she is perky , happy and looks amazing . if your dog is your best friend , do your friend a favor and treat her to a day at puff and fluff . you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my two dogs in for the first time , one for a bath and one for full grooming , and we had a great experience ! ! the cut was perfect , and both of the dogs were so soft i ca n't stop petting them . ca n't wait to go back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like . they took great care of larry ! you can tell that they have a genuine love for animals . customer service is awesome and they are extremely friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are a nice clean place . super friendly they do an amazing job grooming and are very attentive to requests on style length and cut of dog . this second visit will def be back . make sure to grab a bag of chicken jerky all natural and bentley loves it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "puff and fluff is amazing ! took my pup in to get his eyes cleaned out and ended up booking another appointment for a grooming for him a week later . worked out well no scratches or nicks on him and he 's not too fond of getting groomed so overall it was a great job . everyone there is knowledgeable and sweet ! ! definitely will be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great first experience at puff & fluff ! i was referred to them by a family member . i appreciated their communication and the reminders about my upcoming appointment . they were even able to let me drop off lincoln half an hour early due to my schedule . he spent 4.5 hours there getting pampered and he looked great ! i could tell he was well taken care of and that puff & fluff did a very thorough job . they even gave us a doggie gift bag since it was our first time there ! i would highly recommend . great prices too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time bringing my little dude , ernie , to this groomer , and i absolutely love the haircut he came out of there with . best schnauzer haircut ernie has ever had !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so happy i found a great groomer near my new house . my dog gets really scared going to new places - she 's a rescue and anxious about going anywhere , really . so it was fantastic that this place was in a great location and had openings available , especially for a saturday morning appointment ! they did a great job . her coat is fluffy and clean , and they followed my specific requests to have her nails ground down , not just clipped ( for some reason , that 's tough to have done. ) and , she got a cute bandana . : ) on top of it all , they were super fast , rather than having her sit in a cage for four hours , they finished only 55 minutes later and she was ready to go . the staff were very friendly and super nice . love it ! would definitely recommend , and will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so glad i took my dog here to get groomed . i loved the way it turned out and they were super gentle with my fur baby . it was his first time getting groomed and he was sooo happy after i picked him up . the price was reasonable for all the work they did and the results were fantastic . i will be taking my papillon here in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i followed my colorist from his previous salon and am so glad that i did - once you find a colorist you trust you follow them anywhere ! jason is amazing with color . i have all over platinum , which is deceptively difficult , and only trust jason with my hair . i even have other hair are professionals asking where i get it done . the salon is centrally located in tempe off of mill ave. and has super close parking . do yourself a favor and book with jason and shelley , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome service : ) jason is my favorite , i am super picky when it comes to my hair and he always goes above and beyond my expectations : ) would definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason is a great colorist ! i 've followed him for the last 8 years and have never been disappointed . scheduling with him is really easy and he has always been flexible with working me in when my schedule is hectic but hair needs to get done . jason uses neuma products and inoa color - both of which are amazing and keep my hair feeling and looking great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shelly and jason provide color and cut services to men and women in their new shop ! if you 're looking for a relaxed , personable atmosphere with a stylist and colorist that will listen to you and deliver your wants and needs , go to shelly and jason . both are eager to provide recommendations and they extremely client focused . prices are better than you 'll find in chain salons and the service is exemplary . their salon is located in a suite within the vivaldi salons on the ground floor of the luxury towers of the west 6 in downtown tempe , just west of mill avenue . public ( pay ) parking is conveniently located just steps from the salon in the west 6 parking deck .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the salon room is clean and chic . shelly did a great job of finding out what i was looking for in a hair cut ; clean , stylish , and easy to maintain and style . both shelly and jason we 're very amicable and charismatic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das caf\u00e8 frechdax befindet sich direkt kn b\u00f6blingen am unterem see . im sommer ein toller treffpunkt um die sonne zu genie\u00dfen . im vorderem bereich des ladens ist ein b\u00e4cker mit frischem brot und br\u00f6tchen und leckeren kuchen . im hinterem bereich des lokales kann man es sich gut gehen lassen . vom fr\u00fchst\u00fccken oder mittags oder abends mit freunden sich treffen auf ein glas wein oder bier eine top adresse . die speisen sind lecker . das personal ist freundlich und nett . leider ist die parkplatz situation bescheiden . aber trotzdem kein punktabzug .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tolle lage in b\u00f6blingen . die qualit\u00e4t der produkte ist sehr gut . die bedienungen sind nett und kompetent . leider ist es im gastraum unten etwas zugig . und die treppe zur toilette ist auch nicht jedermanns sache .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love to write happy , positive reviews but i have to be honest ... after many visits i have come to grips the fact that the coffee is weak , and the cake dry . i thought maybe it was just an off-day each visit , but even my hot chocolate was weak last visit . i really love the ambience , location , and decor here though ! the omelets and salads are tasty but quite expensive . i like the concept of the menu themes , but sometimes it just is n't enough to make up for weak coffee and dry cake .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sehr sch\u00f6ne lage direkt am b\u00f6blinger see , parken etwas schwierig . lokal besteht im vorderen bereich aus backwaren kuchenverkauf und location mit ca 60 sitzpl\u00e4tzen im eg und einer empore . sch\u00f6ne sonnenterrasse , welche heut wg schnee geschlossen war . auf der karte gibt es viele fr\u00fchst\u00fccksangebote und einige kleine speisen plus viele salate . w\u00f6chentlich eine essenskarte mit ca 6 gerichten ( s. foto ) portionsgr\u00f6ssen sind ok , qualit\u00e4t hat nach confenience und bisserl frischem hingedeutet . preise f\u00fcr das gebotene etwas hoch . sicherlich besser f\u00fcr fr\u00fchst\u00fcck und den nachmittagscafe , aber man kann hier auch mal essen . leider war die bedienung sehr planlos , man musste alles doppelt nachfordern .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tolle lage direkt am see . heller gastraum super salatteller und freundliche bedienung . toiletten sauber . gehe gerne hin .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ein sch\u00f6nes caf\u00e9 mit ausblick und glasfront . die karte h\u00e4lt zum fr\u00fchst\u00fcck und auch zum sp\u00e4tst\u00fcck einiges auf lager und das ambiente ist wirklich toll . schade ist , das der service nicht ganz so aufmerksam war bei unserem besuch , das ist aber vielleicht beim n\u00e4chsten besuch besser . eine nette idee finde ich , das umfangreiche fr\u00fchst\u00fccksangebot nach schriftstellern zu benennen . das hat was !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "unmittelbar am see und somit sch\u00f6ner ausblick . das geb\u00e4ude selbst ist fast komplett aus glas , d.h. man kann selbst von innen alles beobachten . das essen ist teilweise recht gut aber f\u00fcr die portionen etwas teuer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "unfortunately mediocre caf\u00e9 for such a great location . service is mixed and slow ; pastries often taste of tupperware . pity .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we went for a late breakfast on a saturday -- omelettes , coffee , bread -- very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "im frechdax fr\u00fchst\u00fccke ich am liebsten - die gedecke sind nach schriftstellern benannt - so hei\u00dft das italienische fr\u00fchst\u00fcck z.b . umberto eco ; - ) das besondere ist , dass es den ganzen tag fr\u00fchst\u00fcck gibt - also auch abends um 11 ! im sommer sitzt man au\u00dferdem ganz nett am see . f\u00fcrs fr\u00fchst\u00fcck am wochenende unbedingt tisch reservieren !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "allgemein da wir in der tanzschule waren , wollten wir eine kleinigkeit essen . das bistro frechdax ist nicht weit entfernt . es teilt sich in ein art bistro mit empore und einen verkaufsbereich f\u00fcr kuchen etc . hier merkt man das diese lokalit\u00e4t zum cafe frech geh\u00f6rt . die lage an den b\u00f6blinger seen ist auch sch\u00f6n und l\u00e4dt zum spazieren gehen ein . bedienung bedienung war schnell und zuverl\u00e4ssig . auch wurde im team gearbeitet . nur bei meinen bestellten schweiner\u00fcckensteak mit reiss wollte ich mit r\u00f6sti haben , dieser wunsch wurde mir nicht erf\u00fcllt . das essen geessen wurde salat andalusia , schweiner\u00fcckensteak in parikasahneso\u00dfe mit reiss , thai-curry . als dessert ergab sich kuchen . es waren schwarzw\u00e4lder kirsch und himbeerkuchen mit quark . getrunken wurde mineralwasser und wein . das ambiente ambiente ist nett aber durch den hohen raum ist der l\u00e4rmpegel sehr hoch . sauberkeit toiletten sauber und das lokal gepflegt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "haben ein fr\u00fchst\u00fcck ( das mit laugenbr\u00f6tchen und brezel ) gehabt - f\u00fcr den preis war die portion in ordnung zudem gab es ein k\u00e4nnchen kaffee . das r\u00fchrei mit zwiebeln und champions war auch sehr lecker .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unfreundliches personal . laaaange wartezeiten . ein stern f\u00fcr die lage und einer f\u00fcr das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nettes caf\u00e9 in der innenstadt an den seen . bin auf empfehlung der qype bewertung hierher gekommen und wurde nicht entt\u00e4uscht . die salate waren ausgefallen , dekorativ angerichtet und sehr lecker und das f\u00fcr n fairen preis . ein punkt abzug gibts aber f\u00fcr die etwas kurz angebundene bedienung", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nettes caf\u00e9 und restaurant in einem hohen verglasten raum mit galerie , mit durchgang zur b\u00e4ckerei . ich empfehle die fantasievoll zusammengestellten salate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "das frechdax in bb , ein abk\u00f6mmling des des beliebten cafe frechs liegt sehr nett am unteren see und damit auch zentral . die speisen sind vielf\u00e4ltig und auch in der regel gut . der service l\u00e4sst manchmal zu w\u00fcnschen \u00fcbrig bzw . k\u00f6nnte etwas freundlicher sein . sehr beliebt bei jung und alt bzw . sch\u00fclern und anzugtr\u00e4gern . guter treffpunkt , z.b . auch f\u00fcrs fr\u00fchst\u00fccken wie bereits erw\u00e4hnt .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hier finde ich immer etwas leckeres zu essen , und sei es nur ein m\u00fcsli , welches aber bombastisch ist von der menge und vom geschmack her . service ist gut , es ist nur immer sehr voll .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir haben nur ganz kurz auf einen freien platz gewartet . aber die bedienung liess sich fast eine viertel stunde zeit bis sie kam um die bestellung aufzunehmen . die preise sind sehr hoch f\u00fcr ein recht einfaches fr\u00fchst\u00fcck . das kam dann auch , die butter war weich , der hartk\u00e4se leider auch . das basilikumblatt war schon verwelckt naja . einfache kleine tische , nicht sehr sauber . kantinenflair eben . direkt vor dem cafe ist eine bushaltestelle . die bedienung war recht lustlos und liess sich mit dem abkassieren ewig zeit . schade , einzig und allein angenehm war der blick auf der linken seite zum see hin . aber den blick kann man auch so haben , wenn man am see entlang schlendert ... fazit : entt\u00e4uschend , ungem\u00fctlich , \u00fcberteuert , hektische atmosph\u00e4re weil die tische so klein und so nah beieinanderstehen . da gibts nettere cafes in der n\u00e4he die zudem nicht so \u00fcberteuert und vielf\u00e4ltiger sind . vergleich gef\u00e4llig ? einfach mal bei wanners in holzgerlingen vorbeischauen , ( gegen\u00fcber vom lidl )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sehr nettes cafe ' mit sch\u00f6ner terrasse und geschmackvoll eingerichtet . schade das im eiscafe ' nur eine kugel eis war und das dann 4,20eur kostet : - (", "score": "4"}
{"review": "zu jeder tages und abendzeit eine positiv quirlige atmosph\u00e4re f\u00fcr jung und alt . schnelle , freundliche bedienung innen und au\u00dfen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "leider hat das frechdax die letzten jahre etwas nachgelassen . die bedienungen sind zum teil etwas unaufmerksam . ich hatte bei meinem letzten besuch im frechdax erde im salat , was geknirscht hat . kann nat\u00fcrlich mal vorkommen . im sommer sitzt man recht nett auf der terrasse . kann ich aber in b\u00f6blingen auch im seeg\u00e4rtle oder im magellan haben . im seeg\u00e4rtle kann man sch\u00f6ner drau\u00dfen sitzen und im magellan gibt es leckereres essen und bessereren service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "zum mitagstisch im frechdax . gute auswahl an verschiedenen und auch `` leichten '' spei\u00dfen ( salate , nudeln mit lachs ... ) . das essen ist sehr schmackhaft . der mittagstisch ist sehr zu empfehlen in nettem ambiente in b\u00f6blingen am see !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "klasse cafe bistro ! schade , dass die schulung in bb morgen vorbei ist . war dann 2x zum fr\u00fchst\u00fccken dort , da dass fr\u00fchst\u00fcck in meinem hotel doch ein bisschen fad war . sch\u00f6ne gem\u00fctliche atmosph\u00e4re . genau das richtige um in den tag zu starten .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "helles , sauberes cafe direkt am see . alle altersklassen sind unter den g\u00e4sten vertreten , eher ruhige atmosph\u00e4re , freundliche und aufmerksame bedienung . eher kleine `` feste '' speisekarte , dazu noch eine abwechslungsreiche wochenkarte und meist 2 tagesgerichte . f\u00fcr jeden geschmack etwas dabei . die portionen sind gro\u00df , das essen kommt nach bestellung z\u00fcgig , zutaten sind frisch . f\u00fcr diese ordentliche qualit\u00e4t auf jeden fall preisg\u00fcnstig . ich hatte spaghetti mit blattspinat , getrockneten tomaten , schafsk\u00e4se und reichlich pinienkernen . wirklich sehr lecker und obwohl ich satt war und die portion sehr gro\u00df , habe ich aufgegessen . meine freundin bestellte einen couscous-gem\u00fcse-auflauf , welcher geschmacklich gut war , jedoch sagte weder ihr noch mir die etwas matschige konsistenz ganz zu . nach dem essen wurde uns ein kleines st\u00fcckchen kirsch-schoko-kuchen gratis gereicht . getrunken wurde ein chai-tee mit milch und meine begleitung hatte einen saft . hat alles wunderbar gepasst ! in jedem fall lohnt sich ein besuch . abwechlungsreiches uns preiswertes essen garantiert !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "die bedienung war recht freundlich und schnell , jedoh war an diesem tag das cafe recht leer , im gegensatz zu anderen tagen . das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck dort ist klasse und man ist danach gut satt und f\u00fcr den tag fit . das omlett ist besonders und , doch der capucino dazu war leider nicht so gut , hatte einen bitteren geschmack , der latte von meiner freund jedoch war sehr gut . alles in allem echt sch\u00f6n dort und direkt am see . lg", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ein richtig sch\u00f6nes cafe mit tollen speisen und getr\u00e4nken und in einer traumhaften lage , direkt am see . ich gehe gerne hin . gru\u00df antonia", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good cakes and great coffee . prompt service . however nothing out of the ordinary . suggest if you want a quick picker upper if you 're out shopping .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wir waren zum hochzeitstag mit gutschein beim fr\u00fchst\u00fcck im frechdax am see.es gab zur butter keine alternative wie becel , magarine..da ich ausdr\u00fccklich betonnte ich h\u00e4tte eine allergie dagegen.. f\u00fcr so ein eingesessenes cafe ein armutszeugniss.. wobei ich bisher von torten , geb\u00e4ck und brot bisher zufrieden war . es git halt doch alte sitten die nicht ver\u00e4ndert werden.. da es immer mehr leute mit allergien gibt und ich bisher auch in kleineren cafes und pensionen becel oder \u00e4hnliches bekommen habe.. das n\u00e4chste fr\u00fchst\u00fcck dann wo anders..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "essen : gut . kuchen : super . service : schlecht . bedingungen waren langsam und unaufmerksam . wir mussten lange warten , bis wir unsere bestellung aufgeben konnten , obwohl das caf\u00e9 fast leer war . atmosph\u00e4re : gut . allerdings wurden einige tische f\u00fcr \u00fcber eine stunde nicht abger\u00e4umt . ein punkt abzug daf\u00fcr .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "abwechslungsreiche karte , sch\u00f6nes ambiente , schnelle und freundliche bedienung und normale preise ! mit der rechnung bekommt man meist noch einen gru\u00df des hauses in form eines kleinen kuchens ! konditorei ist auch dabei ! kaffee und kuchen sind prima !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "da bin ich gerne in der fr\u00fch , am freitag zusammen mit meinem mann . mittlerweilen wei\u00df das nette personal auch schon , womit man eine wienerin gl\u00fccklich machen kann : - ) http : present-your-business.com", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's just an arby 's but i love how casual and comfortable the staff is ; makes me feel comfortable like i 'm eating with friends . weird eh ? fuck it , five star arby 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "skimpy on the beef and wo n't honor free cookie coupon . all it takes is to read it - it says free with any full-price purchase , not free with any full-price sandwich . geeze !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm weary of this place.. i only came here since it 's one of the few drive thru 's that offer pepsi products . i ordered a meal and everything went down fine ... it was n't till a few hours later that i started having stomach pains and everything came back up . i know myself well enough to know what eating bad food does to me - i feel worlds better after the fact & there was a huge time gap to know it was n't my breakfast . this has me question the cleanliness of this establishment . needless to say , i will never be returning ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you have no idea how epic these jars are . they are seriously the best part of my cheat meal . this young lady is really great at what she does and on top of it all , super sweet", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ! heaven in a jar ! this is the best tasting dessert that i have ever had ! i love visiting vegas just so that i get my heavenly jars ! thank you , shani ! highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing less than the picture ! i ordered & paid with ease on her website . missed pick up time , but she assured she 'd deliver first thing this morning . followed thru & pretty fast too ! i ordered strawberry cheesecake & banana pudding !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in my last review , i gave them a high score based on my friend 's experience . the more i thought about it , i realized that i should rate on my experience . as previously stated , the whole experience was pretty bad . the `` comfort wax '' they use was not painless and was sticky and pulled the hair when it went on . i 'm thinking maybe the temperature was n't right . the place i usually go uses the painless wax and it is actually painless and does n't feel the way the wax at this wax center felt . after my bad experience , i emailed the manager owner to let them know i was unhappy and i did n't even get a response . if a company does n't have customer service , then what do they have ? ? i am more than happy to drive 15 minutes longer to go to a place that knows how to treat their clients !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the person , delilah , who waxed my eyebrows did a terrible job . for one , she injured me and i still have pain and scabs around the area where she waxed me . it hurts especially when i apply my daily face cream . i just had this done yesterday . in the many years that i 've had my eyebrows waxed did anyone ever injure me like this to the point where i have scabs . and the nerve of her to rave how great and better their wax is because it 's harder . to make things worse , she did n't complete the job and left hairs on the top of my brows . my eyebrow area did not look neat . she said that she likes to leave hairs on the top to keep it natural . again in all my years of getting this done , no ever left hairs on the top where it looked unfinished . i am so unsatisfied & still in pain . be very careful going there . they are very incompetent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "waxing always is amazing front desk at this location is wonderful ( rainbow location is hit or miss and major turn over rate on ppl in that store ) clean very clean . ( even bathroom ) wax here is different then other places and really is painless ( compared to other wax places ) i 'm never left red blotchy or my skin irritation . i love the perfect degree on warmth of the wax . they sell mannnnyy products . ok some are worth it others are just not worth the cost . i love the brow line they have and it lasts a long long time . they do have packages they will offer you but if your coming here anyway it 's best to take them up on it . save yourself a few bucks . the have student discounts and 1st wax is always free ! depending if you use waxing services a lot they have unlimited passes . men do n't be shy they see a lot of them", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had been going to the one on rainbow , which i love . but this one is a lot closer to my home . i went in for a brazilian wax with delilah and she was amazing ! she was quick but very thorough . it 's always uncomfortable to get a wax but she is so kind , friendly and pretty funny ! i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love ewc ! i usually go to the location on rainbow but decided to switch it up and when i read the reviews i made a brazilian appt with delilah and was very pleased with her work ! she manages to take every hair off ! & she makes you feel comfortable , i can honestly say the most painlessly wax session i 've had & i 've been getting brazilians for almost 6 years now . will be a regular at this location", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! very clean , professional and friendly staff . almost seems like you 're in a salon for waxing . my technician was sweet and friendly and got the job done ( brazilian ) quickly and with harley any pain . would highly recommend this place and ask for sarah , she was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was easy to make an appointment and they were timely . i am so glad i found them . if you are looking for a place that waxes - this is the place to go . there 's a reason why they were 4.9 on a 5 point scale when i was looking ! you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience was good , the facility was nice and the people are kind . the service was n't painful at all . i only gave it 4 stars because my waxer , although friendly , had just come in from a break and smelled like cigarette smoke , and that is such a major no-no in this industry . try it out ! good prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been going to this location for 3 years now . i love it here . everyone here is so friendly and helpful . i have been seeing jorja for probably 2 years now . her work is clean and quick . she is so personable and honest . she makes you feel comfortable and secure . there is not enough high praise i can give for her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time at this ewc location and it was a great experience ! celeste did my brazilian and she was so quick and efficient i will definitely be coming back for my next wax ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the best ! the wax used is magic ! it does n't hurt when it 's pulled off . i 've never had any side effects like redness , breaking out , or ingrowns like i have had from waxing at other places . i recommended this place to all my friends and they love it , too ! delilah is awesome ! ask for her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place ! super clean and well located , the front desk tabra is really nice , friendly and helpful . my technician kennedy was very professional and sweet , i will recommend this place 100 % , i like the products and made a appointment is very easy.this is my favorite place , love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give it a 4 stars but after getting off the phone with one of the receptionists , i 'll have to knock a star down . receptionist was sarcastic and did n't seemed very conscientious of her tone of voice . i had this issue with a miami receptionist too . that really annoyed me since i 've been sick & just not in the mood to deal with rude ppl.. i guess they need to train their front desk better . i 've been going to this location for a long time so hopefully it 'll improve i 'll avoid that receptionist or i 'll just go to rainbow.. besides that , the waxing service is consistent with other locations i have been to ( san diego , la , miami , san jose )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went in for an `` ouchless '' brazilian ... there is no such thing ! although i would rate it less painful than using strips to take off the hair . the woman who did the waxing should have some pointers of innappropriate topics of conversations with clients . could use some cozy deco rather than laying under glaring flouresant lights quite bared . also have specific music playing to build your nerves or psych you out . like the donnas `` take it off '' ... ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great services done today by lucy ! very friendly staff and clean facility . will definitely be coming back when i 'm back in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are a large chain , but very consistent throughout all of their locations . i 've been to several ones , and each have been clean and running ( for the most part ) on schedule . they use a hard wax , no strips , which makes it exponentially less painful than other methods . my waxes have been quick and as painless as possible . if you are going in for a first time wax - it will hurt . period . they will do everything possible to make you comfortable and quick . a full brazilian will take the longest at about 15 minutes . they can be a little pushy when it comes to selling products , but to their credit they really do work . i recommend buying your waxes ahead of time if you can . they can be pricey but this will save you a lot in the long run .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time getting brazilian waxed and krista did a tremendous job easing my nerves . very satisfied with the overall experience , definitely making this a regular .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been seeing gorga ( i 'm totally misspelling ) for a few months now and she is the best ! kennedy left right after my first appointment and i was bummed at first . then i met g who is extremely professional , comforting , and funny . we share crazy life stories while she 's waxing and in no time i 'm done . i 've never gotten more compliments on my brows and my fianc\u00e9e loves the brazilian . she is the only one to see bar none !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review has been a long time coming ! jorja is really amazing & is very detailed when it comes to getting the job done . i brought my gf over from ca ( who also goes to ewc ) to have an experience with her . she was shocked at how precise her brazilian came out that she does n't even want to go back to her lady in the bay . i would highly recommend jorja ! very genuine & there 's never an awkward moment so you feel comfortable at all times . plus , she 's quick & has great recommendations for exfoliation . though the cashiers at the front are pushy for sales ( products or passes ) , they are nice ! ! once i bought the pass , i was n't bothered with purchasing anything more ... but now that my pass is almost up , i 've been reminded of how i felt when i first started .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my normal wax spot . i recommend doing the wax pass if you get waxed regularly . i have a wax pass for my services and it save you a ton . i have always had fast , friendly and professional service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after moving here from ma 4 years ago i had to start all over in the search for everything , including a waxer . that was until a friend in ny let me know about european wax center . i searched my area and found one . after one wax with sarah i signed up for the unlimited year and shortly after started bringing my daughter in as well . i could n't recommend european wax center & sarah enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lena is awesome . no longer do i dread getting waxed . she has the best technique and causes me minimal discomfort . i highly recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amy is amazing . she 's very good and knows how i love my brows . i 'm very picky and do n't see myself going anywhere else", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jorga is wonderful ! it had been three months since my last brazilian and she made me feel comfortable . i 've had wax specialists make me go through so much pain even when i was maintaining the wax job , but she handled my crazy area with such ease and i experience minimal pain . so happy i 've found a great wax expert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars for delilah , amazing aesthetician ! 1 star for management and loyalty to costumers . i used to love this place , but not after a recent incident . i 've been coming to ewc for years , and went to my appointment per usual . i was told my `` wax pass '' was suspended , which would be settled the following week . i had an appointment the next week which were confirmed and even the day of my appointment received confirmation . however once i got there , i was told by the manager ( brittney ) i could not be waxed due to my `` wax pass '' suspension , even though my appointment was confirmed more than once and the suspension would be removed the next day . why did n't the receptionists tell me i could not be waxed until the `` wax suspension '' was removed ? complete miscommunication and lack of loyalty to costumers . i will be looking for another waxing company asap .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place ! wonderful customer service , very competitive pricing . i see austin and she is the best ! would highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "miss amy allen is a must ! ! ! she 's such an amazing person and funny ! ! ! always just a blast to talk to and does an incredible job ( smoooooth as a babies bottom ! ) love ya girl ! ! ! thanks again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! i always come here for my brazilian . jackie does a great job . she gets everything and even tweezes to get any little short hairs which i love . she 's very quick , efficient and a good time to talk to . she 'll definitely make you feel comfortable and is always on time with her appointments .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place for men if you like to take care of extra facial hair ( cheeks , bushy eyebrows , etc ) . this franchise is predictably great and the staff is friendly . make sure to call ahead to make your appointment and they will be very accommodating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for the first time . saw jackie . she is amazing . great service . def coming back . place is very clean too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a couple bikini waxes before i went to ewc and they had always been somewhere between unpleasant to very painful ! i went in for a brazilian and was lucky enough to get jorja . she is amazing ! you never know how important it is to find a great waxer until you do n't have it anymore . i moved out of nevada about 6 mos ago and while i am still an ewc customer , i have yet to find anyone as good as jorja . i had been going to her loyally for about 4 years ! in fact , on my last trip back to vegas , i made sure to have my appointment line up so i could go see her again . i have the wax passes for brazilian and eye brows and have not found anyone out in cali that is nearly as good as jorja which is why i had to write this review !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to european wax center to get my nose , eyebrows and chest done . the girls at the front were really nice and explained some great money saving deals to me . the waxer was also really friendly and made me feel comfortable . she explained everything she was doing and communicated really well . i liked that she made me hold the mirror while talking about what i wanted for my eyebrows to be sure we were on the same page . she didnt just start ripping hairs off without making sure its what i wanted first . i am obviously a male and ive heard horror stories about guys walking out with very feminine eyebrows at other places- but here this was not the case . i was pleased with all three services very painless , clean atmosphere and professional customer service . i would definitely recommend this place to men and women .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place came in for neck wax but instead i got the full face . she even waxed the inside of my nose and it felt great . love going here do n't have to shave lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited european wax center in henderson for the first time in october . it was a last minute appointment with lucy and she is awesome ! my brows never looked so good and she was so fast that it allowed for additional nose waxing which was n't on my original appointment . lucy is a master and i highly recommend her to anyone looking for a great waxing experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got sucked into this place thru a coupon ... . huge mistake ! i was very specific as to what & how much & where i wanted waxed before i signed up . the receptionist pushy product sales girl was very specific that what i was signing up for would take off it all . what a crock ! once in w the tech ( very nice btw , but also super product pushy ) , it was a totally different story ! who knew that one little area could have so many different sections ! i mean really ? one inch here , another inch is over there- what if my hair does n't grow there , but i have a little spot over here ? oh no ! that 's a `` different '' body part all together ... .. nearly doubling my cost ! rip off ! ( no pun intended ! ) and the manager was useless and would not refund my hundreds of dollars for a prepaid year of bs waxes ... .. i practically was dancing when my time was served !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to several waxing places in vegas , including euphoria and pretty kitty , and this place is the best by far . the wax is less painful , they 're always quick but very thorough , and the prices are very competitive . i have n't been anywhere else in over a year and i 've always been highly satisfied . i recommend this place to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . i started going to delilah in december and have n't looked back since . the wax is very easy and the products are really easy to use . and they have a rewards program and discounts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i have to say is lucy is amazing . she is not only sweet and professional but also wonderful at her job . i have been waxed by several different people throughout my life and lucy is hands down by far the best that i have ever encountered . ladies if it 's your first time or 30th time select her , you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok so amy is the best . i ca n't say enough how much i love her . this girl is my effing spirit animal , and i will never trust anyone more with my waxing . i always leave looking and feeling beautiful , and also with some great stories to tell . i laugh so hard during my appointments with amy that it 's over before i know it . really though , she 's the best . and if you book with her , feel free to thank me later !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently had some bad experiences at ewc henderson , but after speaking with melinda , everything has been corrected . melinda was very kind and seemed to understand my frustrations with the girls who had been waxing me suddenly leaving . not wanting to go through the process of finding yet another girl i clicked with to wax me , she was able to ask me a few questions and pair me with delilah who was a good fit for me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a little hiccup at the front desk and a delayed response from the corporate website , but once i expressed the issue to brittany , the center manager , it was taken care of fairly and favorably . jackie is my regular wax specialist and she has always been fabulous ! ! i do feel fantastic when i leave here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i received a bikini and eyebrow wax from anika . first of all , i was greeted immediately as soon as i came in . she went over all of the products and procedure that was going to take place before showing me into a private room . the room was bright and inviting . the wax was not painful at all . i do n't normally receive bikini waxes but anika 's technique was on point . she finished very quickly and kept me comfortable by talking to me the entire time . i would definitely recommend if you are looking for a new wax person or wax center to check this place out . do n't forget to request anika ! she is the best and you wo n't be disappointed . update it has been almost 3-4 weeks and the hair is barely growing back . the wipes anika recommended have done wonders ! thank you again for the great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean and quick . easy to get an appointment . they push their products and services pretty hard when you go in . they also have a lot of turn over . in the past year , i 've seen about 5 different people . all but one were excellent . they usually provide you with a consult before they perform any service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my vist was great for first time getting waxed . very friendly staff and i felt comfortable . i got my legs waxed under arms and nose and it was n't that painful . five stars thx ewc !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to ewc for a couple years now , and i will never go anywhere else ! the girls at the front desk are always so friendly and easy to talk to . delilah is by far my favorite for my eyebrow waxing , she gets them perfect every time ! ! ewc has great packages that will help save money in the long run ; i got the unlimited pass and it 's been great so far ! 10 10 this place is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a licensed aesthetician , i typically perform my own services but waxing your own bikini area is not very fun and i wo n't be doing it any longer since i 've found heather . her confident , professional and sweet personality will put you at ease and her skill will leave you bare and pain free ! i definitely recommend heather !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is super friendly at this location . very informative on their products and packages . jackie is amazing and very sweet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so glad to hear of a vegan restaurant in scarborough that i rushed right over . the staff was friendly and welcoming and they clearly take pride in their food . the portions are generous and you get a little of everything served over a bed of rice and peas . all of the dishes on offer when i visited were flavorful and delicious ! i 'll be back , no doubt . this is definitely more of a takeout spot , only or two tables that i could see , but what it lacks in ambiance , it makes up for in flavour . this is the kind of vegan food that goes over well with non-vegans too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg - i will drive to scarborough from kingston just for the okra stew -- - so delcious . it 's a little hole in the wall . you get small or large ( small is a tonne of food - 3 stews with rice and noodles , or lg is rice and noodles with a sample of all 6-8 stews on that day ) i got the small -- pumpkin , okra and callalloo -- - all exploding with flavour with a piece of bread fruit . authentic delicious jamaican food and crazy affordable - $ 9 for the small and i could n't event finish it . if you 're in scarborough make a point to go out of your way to eat here ... . only a couple wee tables inside as it 's mostly take out but worth it ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to ital vital today after reading about it on a review of the best vegetarian restaurants in t.o . i am not a vegan vegetarian but enjoy eating meat free dishes some of the time . i have to agree with the other review that i have read here , this food is sooooo good ! my wife and i both had the $ 7 mixed plate and everything was delicious . if i had to pick a favourite i would say the bbq soy , honestly as delicious as any bbq pork i have ever had . it is about a 15 mins drive from my house to the restaurant which is probably a good thing or else i may become a daily visitor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was driving along pharmacy and saw this small place called ital vital tucked away in the corner beside a convenience store ( could easily pass by ) . decided to walk in that day because i was really hungry and i 've heard good things about it on yelp . i walked in , was greeted by the owner who was very nice . i walked in while they were opening up so i had a limited choice in what i could pick . there are two options small ( $ 7 ) and large ( $ 12 ) . i ordered the small , i got the mixed beans and rice , curry chick peas , bbq soy and salad . the rice was really good cooked properly , chick peas were nice had a hint of heat , noodles were good and the bbq soy was amazing almost mistaked it for chicken , i might go full vegan , i could eat there food all day . overall my experience was great , will be back to try the pumpkin , bok choi and okra dishes", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , it was okay . the only curry that stood out on its own was the potato curry and the bbq tofu . the chow mein was inedible , i should 've asked to just get more rice n peas . however , with the hot sauce , everything livened up . definitely a lot of food but i paid $ 14.50 per large order . just came back from negril and ate at a ton of ital places and i 'm not sure this place compares . i may give it another try since they have a rotating menu , perhaps the curries i had on the monday menu were not their best . also , the cashier did n't remember what price he told me and asked me to tell him again , feel a little bit scammed ( like should n't the prices be standard ? ? ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was so excited to try this place out , and i was not disappointed . i went in at around 6:30pm on a weekday and unfortunately they had already sold out of most items ( which apparently happens every day around the same time , popular ! ) but i was able to purchase a takeaway container filled to the brim with rice , eggplant stew , soy bbq and salad . everything was delicious and fresh tasting . it was around $ 7 for a 'small ' container and the portion was very generous . this place is easy to overlook -in fact i have driven past it millions of times without realizing that there was such a gem there ! the staff are super friendly and the food is super tasty - great for vegetarians , vegans and non-meat eaters alike ! note : take-out only besides a small table by the door .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant was simply put amazing , in every bite you crave a next one .. guilt free deliciousness i want there food forever ! ! come january im starting a 30 day vegan challenege.. with this restaurant i 'll succeed forsure lol ! ! the portion size was huge for a small i could only imagine the large portion ! ! open more locations please ! this restaurant needs to be world wide so we can have more concious eaters ! ! the lady that served us was so sweet . and was very confident that we would be back , she was right we went earlier this afternoon for lunch i plan on going back tonight for dinner lol thank you sincerely , a forever customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really delicious meal with a great variety of different stews along with faux bbq ribs that left me really full . always nice to have a meal with so many different flavours all on one plate . looking forward to going there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best vegan food in toronto you can feel the love in the food and from the people who create this wonderful food i love you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice ital food spot had the ital stew both visits , bbq soy is really good and is an interesting twist on a product that is notoriously difficult to find different interesting tastes for , they succeeded here some days have different food so be sure to check their website for that info all in all a good spot which is recommended for vegans , vegetarians or others looking for a veggie meal", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bbq soy chunks are great . if it 's your first time and you 're not sure what to get , ask for the `` full spread '' , you 'll get a bit of everything !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have tried their rice bowl with soy chicken , pumpkin curry and callalou . oh men ! the best i ever had ! ! really yummy and the servers are all very welcoming and nice ! i would totally eat it again and again ! drooooling already", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as other mentioned..its a small place that 's easy to miss when driving by . you can park on side street i do n't eat vegan food often but this place makes me want to eat it more regularly . the food i had was very tasty especially the soy bbq . too bad they were out of a few other things on the menu . only down side was the cookies ... they were pricey $ 3 each and were n't very yummy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly some of the best vegan food i 've had . their bbq soy tastes exactly like meat ( like literally ! ) and is to die for . and i love that it still tastes like authentic caribbean food even though it 's vegan . you get a good portion of food for a decent price . it 's a little caribbean restaurant with limited seating and limited food , nothing fancy . but like i said , the food is so tasty . important tip : they only take cash ( which sucks ) . my only complaint is that i when i went there on sunday , they were supposed to be open by 12 and they still were n't open and this was around 2:30 . even the sign on their door with the hours of operation said the restaurant was supposed to be open . if you 're not going to be open when you say you are , you should formally change your hours and not just make up your own . if it were n't for this i 'd have given 5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here is real ! very delicious and healthy . bbq is mouth watering , the entire meal was satisfying to the soul . also great service , i would definitely recommend a try . ( appearance from outside could be improved though ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummm , went to this place to get a take out box a few months back.. it was the end of the day so they gave us a bit of everything . it was great ! protein soy tasted really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went with a couple non-vegan friends and we all loved it . delicious . would have been 5 stars if they had't been closed the time i tried to go back at 7 when the sign said open until 9", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small place , but great food ! their 'chicken ' practically tastes like the real deal ! the lady serving my food was very informative and polite . the food was totally worth it in my opinion !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so it 's my first time here and one word comes to mind awsome ! it 's so freaking good it 's so healthy ad tasty words do n't do justice you have to try this place..fast quick and affordable plus the portions are large . why did i wait so long to try this place ? go here eat and enjoy the super good healthy food ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know what i love more , the food or the owner ! this place is amazing . amazing . i have n't been in a few months and i am having some major cravings . a mix of everything is definitely the way to go here . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best vegan restaurant in the city ! hands down . tasty , healthy and good portions.great value", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely floored ! i am a proud carnivore , down to the bone . was skeptical when i was referred here - but was very glad i did . i had the brown rice and peas and noodles , with pumpkin , chickpeas and beans , with tofu stir-fry and salad ! lots of food for the price and does not make you feel 'heavy ' afterwards . already recommended it to my colleagues ! will be back for sure : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was really looking forward to making the trek to ital vital after the glorious write up in the toronto star . sadly i was a bit disappointed . food was alright , although i felt most of the vegetables were under seasoned while the bbq soy was super sweet . it was the service , or lack thereof , that surprised me . i felt like my presence was a nuisance as the man who filled my order did n't look at me once and barely spoke . just nods and one word answers . overall , super unfriendly and because of that i wo n't be making the trip to nowheres-ville again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was a vegetarian for 9 years living in the agincourt area of scarborough , i had access to two really great chinese vegetarian places and grew up eating a lot of soy proteins and beans . as a vegetarian it was hard to find healthy food that was not just a menu option without the meat . like a veggie sub or like something sweet at a bakery . i am no longer vegetarian , but i am glad that i stopped by ital vital today . i got a small order of food that included : sheppards pie , macaroni , broad beans , callaloo , faux chicken drum stick and bbq seitan for 10 bucks . it was a heavy plate of food and it was all really tasty . i like this because it offers everybody a healthy eating alternative . it is hard to find a healthy eating option in this area . ital has so many choices , the value is awesome ( it was literally pounds of food ) and it is awesome if you are veg or not . thank you for the healthy quick food option i will be returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe it 's taken me so long to try this place ! i am in love . food looks and tastes so fresh . it 's hard to find take out that works with a clean eating lifestyle ! as another poster said , it 's cash only so be ready for that . $ 10 gets you a container that could easily be two meals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! everything we ordered taste yummy . from the outside you 'd think you were in the wrong place for not a din in type of place . we are so happy we walked in bc i 've never been impressed with vegan food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is amazing , but the only reason the rating is low is because they always run out of food . the hours listed on the door are not correct ! ! beware if you want food on a friday there is rarely food after 7pm and this has happened to me multiple times . food is great , but the horrible customer service really makes you want to go anywhere near this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! the bbq tofu is too die for . the service was great the lady was super friendly . the reason i did n't give it 5 stars was because of the lack of seating area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place so much i crave it all the time ! the portions are very generous & the service is quick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing food . they are very generous with the portions and the tiny restaurant is awesome . absolutely amazing in every way . the best vegan restaurant i have ever been to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got take out from here ... . it is amazing ! ! ! i ca n't believe i did n't know about this place until now . great portions . great value . delicious vegan food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was excited to try this place after reading the reviews . definitely worth every penny ! the $ 7 combo is enough for two meals- there 's so much food in one container . the food is delicious and has a fresh taste to it and great whether you 're vegan or not . do n't be fooled by the location in such a tiny plaza - this place is really good and will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "serving up a great balance of variety , this rastaraunt 's got your back on flavour and nutrition . portions are generous and the menu rotates daily . if you plan on stopping in , i recommend treating yourself to a fresh alkaline juice too . it 's packed with lemon , lime , green apple , pineapple and is just plain tasty all around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! fresh delicious vegan food . the bbq tofu ribs are amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "girl at front counter is obnoxiously rude . my first time there and she was very inconsiderate i asked a couple of questions and she act like i was wasting her time . i gladly walked out and gladly wo n't ever be stepping my foot in the dirty store again . there are way better competition with polite manners and customer service . what a lousy female ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so pleased to have a vegan restaurant in my area . the price is reasonable for the amount that you get . the $ 7 option should be good for two people to share . the food is not spicy and mildly flavored so should be good for a sensitive stomach or one that does n't like over powering flavors and spice . best item for sure is the bbq tofu . if i could get a whole container of that alone i would it 's so good . highly recommend based on quality of food and price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious ! i am not a vegan but i love good food . i absolutely love this place . its a tiny spot with very friendly service from a steam counter and a great variety of fresh and healthy dishes . ive found it hard to find good food that is also healthy in this area . i am so happy i found ital vitals !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly this is one best vegan places i have ever been to . who there was such a thing as vegan jamaican cuisine . now when you first see this place it looks shady on the outside but once you come in , the people are very nice and friendly and you get to choose a good mix of dishes that you can try . they also make smoothies which i have yet to try . if you are vegan or like vegan food and you 've never set foot it this place , what are you waiting for ? ? ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here on tuesday & pick-up a large which cost $ 15 ( also you should note , they take cash only ) . the food was ok . the large gives you a little of everything . i like the pumpkin . i think a lot of the reviews here say it 's the `` best '' really have not had good vegan food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this spot ! i am not vegan , but i am looking to move in to a low carb diet , due to health reasons . initially , i was upset as now i have to move from fatty foods , like pizza , burgers , hakka , etc . after finding ital vital , i know that i could do this , brown rice , sweet potatoes , soy , honestly i could not tell the difference from what i used to eat . keep up the great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me start by saying i love meat , but i have lots of respect for vegan food . good food is good food . this was some good food . i grabbed as many different flavours as so could ( curry shrimp , callaloo , green beans , bbq , pasta ) just to give a fair judgement . everything was delicious , especially the curry shrimp and bbq . will be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i went here for lunch this afternoon . we went for the large plate ( $ 12 ) and shared . everything was so tasty ! i could probably eat a whole plate of their bbq soy by myself.. worth trying out when you are in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arrived at 7:30pm on sunday , 1.5hrs before they 're expected to close , but they ran out of food ! the gentleman working there was really nice , apologized , and promptly gave my friend and i a complimentary slice of banana bread ( delicious , moist , and light ) . he said that they usually run out of food sundays . guess this means it 's a popular place with good food . i 'll try again another time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "massive portions . low prices . there is not enough that can be said about the value from ital vital . i discovered this place in march and have already been back a dozen times . if you are hungry and on a budget , you need to make the trek to ital vital ... whether or not you like vegetarian food . service is also incredible - the guys working there are cool dudes with a passion for good food . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this home depot is pretty much like every other home depot i have been to , except that they have a very clear policy on communicating to customers : there is a guy who stands at the entrance . he 's got a beard and very intense eyes . he looks directly at you when you walk in , and greets you , and asks if he can help you find anything . he will ask you this even if it 's the third time in an hour you walk in because you keep buying the wrong bolt ( i do n't know anything about bolts - not my fault . should have gotten someone who knows about bolts to help instead of me ) . once you are inside the store , no employee will make eye contact with you , speak to you , approach you , or otherwise acknowledge you . i 'm not saying this is a bad policy - i bet you could always talk to the man at the front .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always a good experience at this home depot . whether i am buying tile to remodel my floors or getting paint or some landscaping supplies for the yard ... . this home depot always gets the job done . it 's cool that you can ask for help and people help you make sure you get the right stuff ! i have n't had a bad home depot experience yet good job people !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i purchased carpet for three bedrooms from this home depot location . we moved all of the furniture as well as the built in shelving in one walk in closet . the problem i had with them is the installation . two young guys did the install and one of them was new to installation . they scraped my painted walls , damaged my baseboards , and cut the pad too short so that i now have a flat dip into each room . home depot contracts out the work , these are not their employees doing install . i imagine they go with the lowest bidder . i will never use them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in the general area to get my car service and needed to pick up some stuffs from home depot . the general area is clean and organized . staffs are friendly and willing to help . i do n't mind coming back here if i cant find what i needed at the store nearby .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is an update to my previous review . i had an issue with customer service and a lack of logical flexibility in their return policy . to some extent , i expect issues to be solved without forcing the round about solution ; the management at home depot saw my review and took the appropriate action to resolve it by offering a refund . i really did n't expect any response when i documented my issue on yelp , but since they did give the refund , i 'm obliged to update my review . i still believe the policy should be updated since a tree can not be replaced untill a year has past , 18 months would make much more sense . but the reality is that this is not a replacement policy , it 's a return . the other obvious solution would be to communicate it as such so people do n't think should be planning to replace it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tonight i went to home depot looking for some rigid pipe cutters . there was no one around to ask for help . we asked for help 3 times and no one showed up in plumbing . at one point an employees said rigid was not a home depot brand . only husky . it seemed like we were bothering him . maybe i should stick with lowe 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "recently purchased 3k worth of appliances during presidents day sale . kitchen was still in the midst of a remodel at the time of delivery and i had asked the delivery man to place the appliances in the corner of the living room so they would be out of the way . one week later the kitchen was finished and i removed the rest of the packing materials and found a large dent . i attempted to return the items and was told by `` trish '' the asst store manager that 48 hours had passed and the item could not be returned . this information is not listed anywhere on any form i signed . i am now out 700 dollars for a brand new dishwasher that will be thrown in the trash . according to trish all appliance purchases are non refundable ! ! do not buy appliances at any home depot !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i 'm a lowe 's gal only because we live right next to one . but after some internet price shopping my fiance and i realized that the home depot definitely had better deals on indoor lighting . we were planning on buying a $ 150 chandelier at lowe 's but this morning we walked around home depot and saw a similarly priced chandelier that looked much fancier . we were ready to buy at $ 147 and when we grab the box we see that it 's on sale for 97 , yay ! before and after our bargain purchase three or four employees asked if they could help us with anything so it was nice to know help was available . while i waited for my fiance to pick me up two employees asked if i 'd like them to take the box to my car which i also thought was nice . it looks like lowe 's has some competition in our household ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a nightmare ! do n't go here if you want help with anything . shea in the paint department is the rudest jerk ever ! and do n't expect any service in the moulding department ! and the bald guy near doors is completely useless . this place is a joke . lowe 's has much better employees .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to this home depot a handful of times in the past but today they get 5 stars . never have i been to a home depot or lowe 's or similar and gotten such attention . ( i did get help from a master gardener at a lowe 's once , who was awesome ! ) but for an entire trip , never . i needed fasteners , general housing , electrical , and flooring items , mostly small stuff . i had associates come up to me and ask if i had any questions and every one of them was knowledgeable and helped me make better choices . and , they actually seemed liked they cared and were interested in what i was doing . and , they were pretty busy today . long story , if you have a home project and have questions about where stuff is or what you could be doing , go today ! ! ! this review expires tomorrow .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always great service here and everyone willing to assist even in areas where they 're not assigned . went to look at solar shades and this one guy was extremely helpful in assisting us . took his time to take measurements and explained to us the differences of each solar shade that was currently available . he had all answers to our questions and concerns and he by all means did n't make us second guess what we needed to get . his positive attitude and willingness to assist made the visit very accommodating . another time we visited this location was to pick up some paint and help was always readily available , and it clearly shows that it does n't matter what you are there for . highly recommend this place ; great service and great items . i always get the stuff i need at home depot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the store is a joke and mismanaged . every time i want to buy a door a window or carpeting there 's never a person available to help and i always go across the street to lowe 's and i can place an order .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we are so happy with our new windows for our home ! the 7 windows we had done took only 4 hours to install . the beautiful , secure windows have already shown a difference in our electric bill and no more little bugs slipping through the cracks . love it ! ! not to mention the increase in our property value . we were very pleased with joe feipel from home depot for his expertise in choosing the upscale , efficient windows . thank you joe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped in to get some plants the other day and had a great experience with cheryl in the garden department . she was definitely service oriented and made my grouchy little guy happy that we stopped here . thank you for making my afternoon a little easier ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very solid home depot ; never had an issue . they have the things that they say they have at the the said price ; no long lines at checkout", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this hd location easily had the best customer service i 've ever experienced at any hd ever . i was looking for wood stain and an awesome employee named mark was so helpful . he explained some different options and made suggestions that were super helpful in saving me time and money . hd often has an earned reputation for a place with limited help if you need it . this location throws all that out the window . in addition to mark being rad , i had some lumber cut and that employee was awesome too . well done home depot- this was impressive . kudos to all the staff for taking care of those of us who are attempting projects with questionable success .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here several times . hard to get anyone to help you , or find someone who knows the answers to any of my questions . i asked about a specific item and was told he thought it was out of stock but was n't sure . did n't offer to help find it or let me know where to find it . another time , i tried to check out and was told they did n't know how to ring a certain item up so i needed to go to garden and try someone else . another lady ignored me completely . one guy in the tree lot from minnesota was the only nice , helpful , knowledgeable person i have met . very frustrating .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what sets this location apart from others is the people . everyone i speak with or ask questions of has been excellent and very personable . i definitely enjoy coming here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "three people asked me if i needed help within 60 seconds of entering the store . more importantly , they had the items i needed , unlike lowes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big box store to help you with your housing projects . only problem is finding useful help or people that actually know what they are talking about . do your homework before you ! safety first !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great garden center with friendly people to help ... as a matter of fact all the people that work there are extremely helpful and friendly . just your huge hardware store that works well when you need it ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "8 minutes on hold to be transferred to the correct dept w loud distorted hold music . it is 2015 . get you act together !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just purchased a $ 400 vacuum cleaner from here . get home , open the box and more than 50 % of the parts are missing . really ! ? we return it 25 minutes after purchase . guess what , that was the only one of that model . yay , we can spend more on an upgraded dyson or go to another home depot . how convenient .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i enjoyed the service from the paint department but what was truly exceptional was the fact that an honest employee turned my purse that i left in the cart into the customer service desk . when i got home i realized what i had done and rushed back to the store and was so relieved to find out that the employee had found my purse in the parking lot and turned it in . so nice to know there are honest people out there . thanks ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amanda ( aka `` smalls '' ) rang us up . nothing but attitude . cranky , clearly did n't care about us . after we paid , gave us the wrong grill , responded with `` sigh ... are you sure ? '' . finally got the right grill , but she overcharged us for our `` free '' propane fill . was greeted with a `` now what ? '' when i went back in . all in all , terrible attitude which soured my overall experience . linda however saved the day . credited us appropriately , and even went outside to handle getting me a full propane tank . she exemplified a terriffic customer experience , unlike amanda , who ultimately threw her hands in the air and left while linda helped me . certain people should n't be in the customer service industry ... but thank you to linda for making it right .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the customer service here is pretty good , and so is the selection of products . it 's a lot easier to find someone to help you here than it is at lowe 's ! they also have a sign up now that says they will beat any advertised price by 10 % .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dont know why i keep coming here . never can get help associates walk right by when im clearly looking for something . asked to have a key made today and the guy told me he needs to hurry cuz he needs to go home . with as many bad reviews u would think they would at least attempt to make things better", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good resource . customer service is good sometimes and poor other times . prices are fair . you ca n't beat their price on moving boxes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "adam greenwood is the absolute best professional i 've ever dealt with at any home depot . ( ray rd . # 476 ) . he will not let you down ! his precision with matching paint is beyond amazing . his customer service skills are awesome . i go out of my way to go this location , only because i know that he will get the job done , hands down . i ca n't say enough great things about him . thank you adam !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "corporate mega-chain fun fact : home depot has a museum in atlanta called `` the legend '' which chronicles the company 's history dating back to 1979 ( wow , i 'm older than home depot , that sucks ) and illustrates their global presence , including the recent expansion into china .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very personable people . do n't be shy to ask for help . most of the employee 's will go out of their way to help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in to purchase some new commodes for an older home and had no idea which brand to purchase . i typically do n't ask for help because it 's pretty easy to find things but was having trouble deciding between two different options . without even asking john g came over to ask how he could help and i 'm a so glad he did ! he was super helpful and knowledgeable . very happy with my purchase ! great store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new signage system makes it a waste of my time to come in the dungeon ladies room is the last straw", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we just got our kitchen remodeled by refacing our cabinets . i must say we are very pleased with the outcome . the technician ( mike ) was courteous , clean and professional . the entire experience from silus coming to give us a bid and help with financing , to how easy the entire process went , i give 5 stars ! there were a few minor things , but the technician was honest and that means more to me than anything . thank you home depot for giving me exactly what i had envisioned and for sending the best team our way ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took me a while to find a staff member to help make a key copy . location seemed to be short staffed . after which , i stood at the self check out where a screen seemed to have been frozen . i pressed for help , but the monitoring cashier was on the phone with who seemed to be a co-worker . a customer returned to the screen i was waiting on to finished his transaction ( which was frozen ) and i was then directed to another station when he and i experienced a short stand off . 2 stars for customer experience at the hand of staff .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good luck trying to find someone to help you ... however , when you do , they 're generally really helpful . this is the same as most other home depot locations : big , huge , gigantic home , lumber , & hardware store . i go here for selection . if they do n't have it , then it might not exist . clean store . usually i do my research beforehand and get in and out pretty quickly . the self checkout is really convenient as well . i do n't know how low the prices are , but i think they 're more or less competitive . overall , a good option for my home improvement needs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place . i love this one , as everyone there is very friendly , and better yet ... readily available to help me find what i need . picked up some pavers , sod , and plants on my last visit . everything worked out awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "felt like i over payed for a burger that was n't even as good as cookout ! pattie was dry and the meat had to be old made me and my girlfriend sick ! will never eat there again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a one vet operation . the place and its staff are kind of quirky . since service is limited and one vet does all of the work , if you are looking for a full time reliable vet clinic , this may not be for you . in addition , they do n't have state of the art x rays and other equipment needed so you may be paying another vet to redo what they could n't do i 'm sure vets who operate alone on business ess could n't get along with others or just like control if you just need a vaccine this would be ok , but burtons has rabies clinics that are cheaper and do n't charge office visits . the veterinarians children are often at work ... ... ... ... ... i guess she is a single mom", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have owned lots pets in my lifetime , as a result , have had many an appointment with many vets . dr schwacha is the most caring and knowledgeable vet i have had the pleasure of meeting . you can see that she has a special interest in each animal . i have heard that she often takes animals with special needs home with her overnight to observe . now that`s dedication ! i hope that me and my family of animals never have to make do without her.. charlotte shannon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my absolute favorite place to stay in vegas ! everything about it is top notch ! it combines the best of both worlds ! in a short elevator ride you can be in the mandalay bay casino enjoying the hustle and bustle of vegas , then when you get tired of that you just enter through the secret unmarked door and take the elevator back to your room ! this hotel is super luxurious , swanky , classy , and quiet . no gambling , no smoking , no vegas riff raff . the beds are super comfy , rooms and bathrooms are spacious , and the service is impecable ! the shower is stocked with l'occitane products which i love ! ! ! the spa is amazing ! my husband and i did a couples massage ( which you can book online ) . it was excellent ! ! ! the massage therapists did n't try to sell us any useless products and actually sent us home with free gifts ! there was a baithing suit dryer in the locker room too ! we will definitely be back ! i absolutely enjoyed our stay ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best place to stay in vegas . # 1 the have a tesla charger ! so great not to have to worry about getting an easy charge ok , that 's just the start , this hotel is the one of the nicest four seasons.. and no casino , unless you want one , then there is a quick access to the mandalay bay check it out , you wo n't be sorry", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the four seasons is a great place to stay - as usual . their level of service and class is top notch . i 've always had a good experience staying here and i like the fact that they have a separate entrance from the mandalay bay . it 's more private . the only thing i do n't like is that it 's far from the central parts of the strip but other than that , i love that it 's connected to the mandalay bay and the convention center . it 's convenient , especially for business trips .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice rooms throughout las vegas are pretty standard at this point . what really sets the four seasons apart is the staff and seclusion . encapsulated inside the gigantic mandalay bay complex , but maintaining it 's own separate identity the four season creates an oasis in the hectic environs of the las vegas strip . the entrance is quiet and uncongested . check is prompt and friendly . as returning visitors our daughter received an edible , chocolate welcome puzzle and miniature robe . the room service gives you a prompt estimate on your foods arrival time . while house keeping does what they 're suppose to by keeping things bright and shiny . however , all the frenetic energy , restaurants , card tables and night clubs are available next door at the mandalay bay . most importantly the four season 's elevators have no drunks engaging in some profanity , laced rant or bad fashion requiring hours of eye scrubbing with cute kitten videos . great place in my book !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is for the ballroom conference centers at the four seasons . i was present for the nevada aap conference over a fri sat . conference center was beautiful , clean , and classy . they had a great tea selection and there were silver pitchers of water and clean glasses at every table . the service was very very good - at every break , plates dirty cups were removed and waters in the conference room was refilled . food was superb , fresh , and well done . the provided continental breakfast was nice - very good fruit and pastries . the lunch had a good selection of veggies salad , pasta , beef , salmon and chicken - all of which was of high quality esp for buffet style . valet was a little slow , but otherwise service was great ! there is no `` self parking '' unless you use the mandalay bay parking . only complaint is that the conference rooms were freezing ! i guess that was their way of making sure we did n't nap during the lectures , haha .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here in early october . was upgraded to a beautiful room facing north with stunning views of charleston peak and the rest of las vegas . staff and house keeping were excellent ( they hung my pants up in the closet which i had left on a chair ! ! ) . great meals at verandah and enjoyed using the gym and spa . in the lobby there was a mini donut cart cranking fresh made complimentary donuts which were incredible ( no joke ) . easy and convenient access to the casino , mandalay bay , luxor etc . i love this place and am a fan of the four seasons ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "totally great hotel . it 's not crazy loud . there are not tons of kids . the pool is chill and relaxed . it 's really the only way to adult stay in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great time at the four seasons . it is the best hotel to stay at in vegas , in my opinion . you can enjoy what vegas has to offer - loud music , casinos and crazy pools with lots of people by walking over to mandalay bay ; but you have this oasis of calm at the four seasons with the awesome private pool and deck chairs . it 's fabulous . compared to other lux hotels , the four seasons fairs well . they have all the little extras that make your stay just that much better . yes we are those annoying customers that call housekeeping to ask if they can bring up something we forgot and they are super efficient ! the level of service at this hotel is quite exceptional . in terms of the rooms - also 5 stars . the bed is very very comfortable . the view from the room is stellar . everything is clean and spacious . i very much recommend a stay at the four seasons .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hosted my family reunion brunch at veranda today . i wanted my family to have the best brunch experience , my family could n't be happier . we got poolside seating and it was perfect . the setting was elegant , beautiful , clean and the staff were everything ; friendly , professional , from the planning to the service . so , thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the four seasons las vegas represents the top 5 floors of the mandalay bay hotel , with its own separate check-in , lobby restaurant , spa , and gym . you get the best of both worlds -- a quiet living space , but the convenience to all the hustle and bustle vegas offers . rooms are impeccably clean . there 's a little bit of `` vegas '' in the d\u00e9cor with chandeliers , chrome accents , and color scheme , but it 's still done very tastefully . unlike most four seasons that give l'occitane toiletries , this one gives the etro brand . the spa gym is seriously top notch . the gym is open from 6 am until 9 pm daily and located inside the spa area , which gives you access to the steam room ( eucalyptus scented ) , showers ( with fancy spa products ) , and the spa lounge . turndown service is excellent and friendly . had absolutely no complaints during my stay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was booked by my business group , and having had stayed at mandalay bay , i 've only heard of how nice the four seasons was . i was pleasantly surprised with the hype that i had coming in . the welcoming service starting from the front doors being opened to greet you , and the reminder emails that your room is available shows that every cent you are paying is being put to work . in addition , the concierge and housekeeping during your stay are so attentive , and try to accommodate to your needs in any way they can possible . one example that truly demonstrates this amount of attention to detail , is them putting a small piece of velcro around my phone charger cord so that it sits nicely and neatly on the nightstand . i mean , if that is n't service , i do n't know what is . i would definitely return if i truly wanted to be pampered once again . almost forgot ... hotel lobby bar not only had the most awesome dirty vodka martini , but they had the option of blue-cheese stuffed olives . amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just spent a week here and loved it ! yes , the decor and rooms are a bit dated but i loved the privacy and service . rest of family ( reunion ) stayed at mandalay bay and the hotel . it was very nice being able to leave the bright lights , big city and escape into my own little sanctuary . pool is so private and quite the refuge after spending the day at moorea beach ( pretty awesome though ! ) twice daily service was provided at a time of my choosing . alas , no ethel m chocolates on the pillows , not even a hershey 's kiss ! i guess it is a sign of the times . the bed was the most decadent i have ever slept in . if i could have brought it home i would have . they make you feel very special by always using your name . i felt just like royalty !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've stayed here twice , the first time was at the tail end of my honeymoon and after being in the tropics with bugs and all , i was ready to be pampered . the room was super clean and i just loved how you can go to the fs pool or mandalay 's pool . however , i would suggest settling yourself down in the fs pool since they help you find a seat , cover your chair , bring you water and occasionally they bring little complimentary treats out to the pool goers . plus it does n't feel nearly as crazy busy as the mandalay pools . i would definitely stay here during the summers . this second time staying here i do n't think we sprung for as expensive a room so though it was nice and clean , the tv , vanity and such were very much outdated . wished they would redecorate the rooms a bit . other than that it 's a very nice hotel with amazing service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great hotel need to have more then one hotel car . i had my 17 year old son go down early saturday morning around 8 am and i told him just ask for the car to take you to the golf course . when he went down he waited 10 minutes only to have the driver and staff tell him just to get a taxi because they have more guests that are going to need to use the car . mind you this is already after he waited . he was waiting and a group of four came down and the driver told him if he wants to wait another 20-30 or but he will give him a ride . just do to the fact he is younger does not mean you should brush him off . he will remember that and some day he could be a future guest with his own kids .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to get away from the craziness of vegas . from the moment you step into the lobby , the peaceful ambiance is a desirable contrast from the rest of the strip . no riffraff and service is impeccable - you are immediately looked after and the staff is eager to do whatever they can to make your stay pleasant . placement at one end of the strip makes for a great sightline at night . also easy access to the mandalay casino downstairs and tram to get you down into the more active part of the strip . this is definitely not for those looking for `` the hangover '' experience . but if you want to go to vegas and have a respite from it at the same time , this is the place to stay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "palatial ! they were oversold when we arrived , and bumped us into a perfectly nice room in a nearby hotel ( actually , the mandalay bay , which bizarrely is in the same building ) ... and then the next night , instead of moving us into the room we 'd reserved , they moved us into a room about the size of our house ( http : www.youtube.com watch ? v=g2u_5-vp1zm ) ... but they only charged us the rate we originally signed up for ( which happened to be a three-nights-for-the-price-of-two deal ) . and then they gave us that first night free . we wound up paying for _one_ night . works for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish this had 8 stars ... what a great time . the hotel is superb . they treat their guests like royalty . they service you for whatever it is . they brought one of those huge floor pillows for my toy poodle to the room , and evian water and a doggy bowl . they made sure she was pampered as i was dropping big $ $ $ $ $ @ the poker room . they comp 'd us on free room service food . it was great . they have no problem taking care of their players and guests in their hotel . i was very impressed . i will absouloutely go back to this one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just visited here and met with staci from the catering dept . regarding future nuptials for my man and i. i had just visited the bellagio the day before because we were staying there for a conference and the catering manager there never sent me their package information via email . staci was also very accommodating considering we just walked in out of the blue off the street . we came here off a recommendation from my parent 's decorator from home . i can only comment on staci and her going over everything with us . the hotel is beautiful , a retreat away from the hustle of las vegas but close enough to go gamble because it 's attached to mandalay bay . their pricing structure is definitely accommodating if you 're looking into holding an event here . staci was awesome ! i look forward to hopefully working with her for our future wedding this fall ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another excellent four seasons experience . perfect for those who enjoy the action of vegas , but appreciate a quieter place to rest and recharge for more fun . rooms were standard issue fs - comfortable luxury , and the private elevator to the mandalay bay casino floor is a major bonus . ca n't help but get a great view since all rooms are on the 35-39th floors . separate pool , restaurant and spa gets you out of the overwhelming flow of the rest of the mandalay complex which is teeming with people , and loads of children and young adults on their way to the wave pool . service was very good , though not to the level of some other fs hotels at which i 've stayed ( this is my 8th ) . room service was prompt and delicious , and the concierge was able to land our preferred dinner reservation which was unavailable when we called ourselves . this is my new go-to hotel in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the four seasons is always great . after venturing out in las vegas and seeing some of the other hotels , i was really happy to land back at the four seasons .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is just classy . even if you 're in vegas , you do n't have to feel like you 're in vegas if you 're staying at the four seasons . the staff is fantastic , the whole hotel is well maintained and their additional services are top notch ( if not a bit expensive ) . certainly worth a stay if you can fork over the cash .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a four seasons in every way : nice room , superior service etc . whilst the rooms do n't have the extreme luxury such as flat screen in bath room or darkening shades , they offer killer views of the strip ( ensure to ask for a room with strip view.. ) . in addition to the views , this hotel undeniably has the best breakfast in la .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worth every penny ! my husband and i stayed here for his birthday and they made sure he was taken care of . upgraded room , complimentary drinks by the pool , birthday cake waiting for him in our room..you name it , they did it . outstanding ! as mentioned in other reviews , the beds are heavenly , every hotel employee greets you with a smile , and the private elevators and check-in area are wonderful ... .but the customer service here will keep us coming back time and time again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful hotel ! really enjoyed my stay . the presidential suit is gorgeous ! great hotel to stay in if you want something in the strip , but not in a casino . the rooms are awesome and the staff is amazing . definitely would stay here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking for a serene , beautiful environment away from the miasma of blaring slot machines and chain-smoking gamblers ? this place was designed with you in mind ! i did not stay at this hotel , but i was here for a meeting . the staff and appointments are exceptionally wonderful . the front door and front desk staff are first-rate and quick with professional accommodation . i ca n't wait to come back and stay at this hotel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this hotel it is so nice to be able to escape from all the craziness of vegas and just relax when you get back to your room . the rooms are great and the service is amazing . the hotel has its own pool which is nice and quiet a nice change from typical vegas pools . the last time i stayed here it was closed for remodeling so excited to see what it is like when i come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only place i would ever go out to when i lived in las vegas . why ? cigarette smoke is forbidden . it 's a complete and utter turn off to see young , beautiful women walking around with a cancer stick in their mouth . well one girl does come to mind , and she is the exception to the rule . for top notch , extraordinary , eye-opening , drop dead gorgeous women , try taking a walk through this lobby , bar & piano lounge . you 'll see sights views that will etch las vegas in your mind forever . it 's all here , in the name of beauty - botox , liposuction , personal trainer , 5 inch heels , shortest , flounciest , backless minidresses . oogling big time . maybe the fountain of youth exists right here ? extravagant , most gigantic floral arrangement of casa blanca lilies arrangement in the lobby . beautifully upkept landscape , with a tropical flair . this is unprecendented hotel living in it 's finest moment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "non-casino hotel on the strip . peaceful , beautiful and feels special . pool is really nice , though smaller than some of the larger hotels . this was perfect for a work trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exactly what you would expect of the four seasons , clean and comfortable rooms , friendly staff , excellent food and amenities . the only negative is the pool is a little on the small side ... but you have access to mandalay bay and their pools .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a beautiful property on the top four floors of mandalay bay . it has its own lobby and no casino . the service was impeccable . we stayed here during christmas and the nightly turn down gave us a holiday chocolate display . the guests are friendly greeting us with a merry christmas . we will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not good . my brother was supposed to move in here in the fall ... when the building was finally completed , and he spent 2 months in savoy with a roommate who caused him to fear to fear for his life as he might 've stabbed him up , he was finally able to move in . there 's only been pee in the elevator once since then .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i moved out out at the end of july , and i have n't got my deposit after two months . so i call them and they asked me to wait for another week . still , i did n't get it . then i call them again and they say they are going to reissue my despite . another week passed , a woman called me that she is going to mail my deposit . after one week there 's no sign of my despite , so i have to call them again and got the the answer is that to wait another week . therefore , i wait . however , there is still nothing there . i called yesterday and the guy told me my deposit check is in the office ! ! ! so who told me the check had mailed ? are they doing all same kind of things to international students ? burnham dont have to give back their depsot after they left . i am very very very disappoint . so please take a very careful thought before you are trying to move in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the experience was nice . i like the fact that they had community living events organized for residents . i wish that they would have stricter pet policies regarding clean up . maybe it would be beneficial to get a pick up station installed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "living at burnham has been amazing ! the amenities are spectacular and the staff is friendly and always willing to help . the apartment is spacious and has a great view ! things are kept clean and noise is never a problem ! very satisfied for the past two years i have been here . i 'd recommend to anyone who needs housing at u of i !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you think about moving in 310 burnham , well ... .think again . the staff there were bunch of snobs who knew nothing but adding charges and fees at your account at the end of your lease . there was no room for negotiation but blatant threats from the crew if you intended to argue . if you 're super rich and ready to throw 12k in renting an apartment in champaign then go head and contact them", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my stylist is the best ! i 've been seeing him for a while . very down to earth , flexible schedule and really has a lot of experience with color and hair extensions . pays attention to fine detail !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maurees is the best , hands down ! love how he does my color and the free entertainment ! ca n't get much better than him . he even answers all the questions you may have and fully explains the process he needs to go through to get you what you want . also , he does the best blowouts and hair styling in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aw maurees ! love my new haircut . as i told you , short hair has never worked for me and you made it work . thanks for everything !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every one likes to feel special and they like to feel good about how they look . maurice provides both . he has a wonderful flare that keeps me smiling through the whole process and he always makes my hair look wonderful . i have come to him with ideas and luckily he is honest enough to tell me when a cut or color will not look good on me . i even take my daughters to see him for the fun colors of teen life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maurees is highly skilled in all areas . i 've been coming here for 3 years ! he 's seen my hair all shades , including my breakup period of 5 colors in 3 months ! i 'm currently platinum and loving that people say i look like madonna !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so happy to find this wonderful salon in sw las vegas . maurees was very attentive and careful , making sure i had the perfect hair when i left . i also want to point out that he was on time bright and early at 8 am , and i ca n't say enough how important that is to my schedule . thank you maurees and touch salon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "need a stylists come see my bestie maurees , or book him online at www.wondroushair.com book today and come and see this amazing stylist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not find a better place to get my hair done . love how he is so knowledgeable about what would look best on me . ive been getting my hair done for 2 years by maurees , i have never been disappointed , or left with the same old style . very happy i found him , keeps me looking like an a lister . thanks maurees !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there 's not a day that i go by without getting any compliments on my hair left and right . i know i can come to maurecee and let him be with my hair and i would get the most amazing results . he 's the guy you need to see ! ! ! hurry and let him bring out your inner beauty ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally a designer who knows how to cut.. maurcee explained everything he was doing as he corrected a poor haircut . i walked out feeling younger , hipper and sexy . my honey ca n't keep his off of me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible once you fall for the `` 0 % interest scam '' and realize how many little charges are added ( i.e . insurance , paperwork fees , convenience fees , random little misc fees ) oh do n't forget `` pro rated '' fees added monthly . after talking and faxing insurance paperwork many times , they still deny receiving it and refuse to remove the charge from my account . the customer service in store and the corporate line is horrendous ! ! ! i am opening a complaint with the bbb about this horrible , deceptive company . also fyi the prices are much higher than other similar places . also when you set-up the account they will default the payments to last multiple years with criminally high interest rates .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we received pre-approved conn 's credit in the mail . the store manager told us we could n't buy a dining set because the 0 % finance terms only applies to a single item . since the dining set is 1 table and 4 chairs , he claimed it 's not a single item . he was very adamant this was their policy . i called multiple conn 's stores to verify if this was correct and they all said `` no '' . they all agreed that the dining set is considered a single item and we should 've been extended the 0 % finance terms for the whole set .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely the worst company ever for appliances and customer service . ( warranties are suspect ) purchased a samsung # dv56h9100eg a2 washer dryer for around $ 3600 with warranty . about 45 days after purchase the dryer becomes ajar during cycle shutting off the machine . after the initial service call that did not fix the issue , the warranty service opened another service call . i received no update , callback , or service . i 've contacted conns and they simply transfer you to a 3rd party who has no idea what to do or how to get things on track and they promise to call back . its been 10 days and there has been no callback or service scheduled . i contacted them directly and they said the ticket is closed as resolved . its a never ending cycle of conn 's and their warranty company playing who 's on 1st . horrible service . and the warranty is garbage . good luck ever getting your product fixed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i bought a $ 3000 sectional . the salesman and daryl , the general manager , were happy to sell it to me . the frame started poking out the back of it after only 32 days in my house . then the nightmare of trying to deal with conns began . now daryl , the general manager , is unable to do anything to help me . he , who represented himself as conns to me at purchase , is totally unaccountable . he says i have to deal with the corporate bull . conns sells junk and is a horrible place to do business ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "walked into this store hoping to purchase a television . the salesperson acted as if he was bored . knew nothing about product . did n't seem to want to sell me a tv . i actually drove to target a purchased a tv instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible place ! ! ! my sales guy ( mike ) is a total scam artist ! ! i have tried to get them to take of the insurance and warranty that they never informed me that they are going to charge and i 'm on my 3rd month of trying for them to remove it ! horrible customer service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stay away from this store.. my wife and i had purchased from this store and have been lied to ever since we stepped foot in the door . we were quoted for extended warrentys on our washer and dryer what they forgot to mention was that was for each item . then we get a call from cons about a home owners warranty they had forgot to mention to us about . after confronting store manager he had offered to get us a $ 100 gift card which i still not have received and its been 3 months since we had purchased . i have been back to the store 3 times now and they always say something that this has to come from corporate in texas and that they can not do anything from the store level . what a joke this place is this is truly a if you have any problem call this 800 number . i have never complained about anystore in my life but people got to know about this store very bad ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i hated not giving this place 5 stars . my issue was n't in store at all , in fact my in store my experience was wonderful . my issue is with the delivery service . first last night i was told my items would be delivered between 1-4 today and i confirmed . then this morning , suddenly i was notified it would be between 6-9 . i called and told them i had already confirmed between 1-4 and it needs to be the earlier time since no one will be home this evening . the delivery manager explained there was a glitch in the system and she would let them know to deliver to between 1-4 . well , i just received a phone call telling me they 're running behind and would n't deliver until after 5 . which means we totally have to change our plans for this evening so someone can be home . conns do n't make a commitment time frame schedule to your customers and then change it on them , it 's frustrating .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have n't yet made a purchase from conn 's , but every time i have looked in the store their customer service has been outstanding . the employees are friendly without being pushy , and it is easy to tell that they treat each customer with respect and care . i will definitely go to conn 's when the time comes to make a home purchase !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "top notch excellent customer service great selections and good pricing , customers for life have spent more than 10k with them each time is a great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the salesman are crooks and the owners are crooks ! this place charged me for items i did n't even purchase and then added them to my warranty which totaled 1600 dollars and when confronted they removed the items but still charged me the same monthly rate !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "purchased a beautiful well made sofa and love seat and 2 samsung 55 '' 4k tvs all on sale . im also a member of costco and they even beat their pricing on the tvs ! the manager darryl called to say he had to make a delivery in my area and would be happy to deliver my tvs which saved delivery costs ! he came exactly the time he said he would and delivered my tvs no charge ! ! now that 's service ! ! if you need appliances , tvs , furniture , make sure you check here . the sofa i bought had gel foam cushioning and good seat support ... good quality . all of the representatives were friendly , helpful , knowledgeable and professional . i 'd never been to conns but i 'm glad i stopped in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you for such a great experience larry ( salesperson ) and darryl ( manager ) . my wife and i will be back in the future to buy more furniture you made our time in your store fun . if you are looking to have a great experience buying furniture ask for larry . darryl your good at job too . thank you both i will tell all of my friends what a great experience i had at your store . tony and vickie cole", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will say first of all i did my application online so did not have to deal with a sale person telling me i got approved for this or that . i knew what i had . second this is for people with no credit or bad credit trying to build or rebuild.if neither of those are u stop shopping here and go apply for a credit card or pay in cash and get the item cheaper . when i went in i knew i needed a sofa as i had just moved to az and my sales person was great in and out in less then 15 minutes and got my sofa the next day . tip do ur application online seems like a lot of complaints are about them being told they were approved for one thing and got another", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brandi is one of my favorite stylists i wish i lived closer ! she always takes the time to ask what i want and how i am , then make sure that i get what i want and i am happy with the results . professional , friendly , and passionate about her career , exactly what you want when it comes to great service . i highly recommend her for a cut , color , or styling .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brandi is absolutely wonderful i went for a drastic change cut enough length to donate to wigs for kids and for the first time in my life i got hi lights and low lights . they were very natural looking and i was extremely pleased . thank you again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brandi is amazing . i 've followed her to four different salons now and each time she just keeps moving up and up in the ladder . i will literally not go to any other stylist in vegas . she 's very ocd about hair , always comes out on point . thanks brandilynn", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brandi is awesome ! she has been cutting my hair for over a year now and my hair cuts are perfect every time . she is cheerful and friendly . her salon is `` sweet '' ! ! i would highly recommend her to everyone that likes a enjoyable , professional and rewarding experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brandi is the best ! i absolutely love my hair ! she really took her time , listened to what i wanted and made sure i loved my hair ! i 've received so many compliments on my hair ! ! so happy that i 've found her ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had long ass day after visiting this place . if you can try to avoid this place . i got ripped off by this business . my ac stopped working , he told me will be ready in 45 minutes $ 80 hr rate , and it took them 4 hours and 20 minutes to fix the windshield fluid contained for which i had to call sick in my job and finally they charged me $ 179 didnot fix the container plus three people yeld at me inside the office for asking `` why am paying for nothing hasbeen done '' . he kept it and told me to go back tomorrow . i will see what happens and update this review here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "under new management ! ! all the old staff is gone ! ! try it out ! ! more then 10 years experience and do lashes and waxing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great nail salon . it 's convenient to my house . the service was amazing . they did n't take too long and were very attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not visit this salon . the staff is extremely rude ! do n't waste your money . there are a lot of other establishments in the area that have take a lesson in customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "under new management . lala is the best.. i am super satisfied with the services she offered . so many nail polish colors to chose from . even got my lashes done . i 'm a very satisfied customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff from the receptionist , to the dental assistant , dentist , and financial services were extremely friendly and accommodating . my 6 year old daughter needed two teeth extracted due to overcrowding . after an initial exam with the dentist and dental assistant , i spoke with someone to receive a financial estimate ( we have no dental insurance ) . they were able to get my daughter in right away ... within 10-15 minutes of the initial consultation and she was finished in another 15 minutes ! the office is fun and clean , friendly professional staff , and great location . we 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how oftern do you leave a dentists office smiling ? what couldve been a tear-filled visit for my two-year-old was a wondderful experience . i found these folks through ... . you guessed it ... yelp ! taking all my kids here from here on in ! the hygenist was wonderful with my son , the dr. was lovely and quick , they made a big fuss over my big boy , and gave his a battery-poiwered toothbrush , a sticker and let him buy a prize with a coin . they were so personable . and the place was decorated cutely too , and had tv screen above each dentists chair . nice ! ! ! 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me just sum this all up with one statement : my son never leaves this dental office crying ... ever ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son had his first actual dental visit today . usually he 's very uncooperative , but i was surprised how well he did ! great environment for children and most importantly great staff . thank you adventure smiles", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best dentist ever ! ! ! ! ! my kids love him ! he is great with the kids and really cares a lot about them . i would highly recommend dr. gary to any mom or dad looking for a great dentist for your kids ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been coming here for 3 years . everyone is so friendly and everytime i come here , with my 2 sons , always a great experience . recommends this to anyone looking for a pediatric dentist . now i wish they take adults , i will sure come here ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly staff and the dentist was great ! my son had an emergency referral and they made sure to take care of us right away . they made my son feel at ease and the dr. was so quick during the procedure ! i like how clam and peaceful the office was , not loud and rowdy like at some other pediatric dentist offices around vegas , which made thing so much easier on all of us !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love dr. gary ! he is the best dentist that i have ever encountered . he is so friendly and my son has no issues going to the dentist . it 's very kid friendly and a clean office . lisa , the office manager , is awesome . so patient and kind hearted . in fact , every staff member is soooo nice . my son has n't had to have any major dental work , but dr. gary explains everything to us every step of the way . i will absolutely recommend him to anyone who is looking for a pediatric dentist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't you dare to show up late to your appointment ! they will nicely offer to reschedule for another day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so today i took in both my son and daughter to adventure smiles for some things that needed to be done . today was by far the best experience we have ever had at any of our appointments anywhere . my kids did n't seem to feel any pain and by the way the staff treated us , made us feel very comfortable.they made the whole process really easy , thank you adventure dental ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this dental office , they made me and my 2yr old feel comfortable . the staff is sweet and know how to handle scared little ones with care . dr. richardson is kind and attentive he addresses all your concerns as a parent . this will be our dentist from here on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are going to miss coming to see dr. gary [ richardson ] when we move ! after trying just for kids dentistry in north las vegas and smile stars ( and being unimpressed disappointed with both ) we came to adventure smiles . wow ! this place is beautiful , clean , and the staff is excellent . they also give out the '' good '' toothbrushes , the 6-dollar electric ones-not the cheap throw-away ones that a lot of dentists give out . they give the kids a token to use on a toy machine as they walk out , which the kids love . they also do n't try to sell you stuff you do n't need . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son ( 3yo ) had his first appointment at adventure smiles today and it went great . i was very happy with our first visit . the office is kid friendly , with video games in the waiting area and a cartoon movie playing on tv in the waiting area . the staff was friendly . michelle the dental assistant was great ! she was very patient and made my son feel at ease . she was able to brush his teeth , take x-rays and put fluoride . that was a big accomplishment for my son ! dr. robertson was nice , gentle and quick . love how they have a tv monitor above the dental chair and how they give kids a token when they 're done that they can put into the toy vending machines . i 'm so glad i decided to take my son to a pediatric dentist instead of keeping him at my general dentist . it makes a world of difference when they know their customers ... kids !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. richardson has been the best since day one . he is not in with the kids very long , but when he is , he answers all of the questions of the kids and the parents completely . the office staff and the rda 's and hygienists are very kind and patient as well . i have never had an issue with payments or billing since they inform me of everything upfront , as should all doctors offices . i highly recommend this very unique practice . so far , we have had some very good experiences .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we did our research and went to a few consults before immediately knowing this was the best dental office . we are scheduled to take our son in for his treatment in a few weeks so i will update my review after that , but i expect our experiences here will continue to be great . so far , we are very pleased with the demeanor of everyone we saw and dealt with at adventure smiles . to be able to get kind , considerate and complete information and treatment from an obviously highly experienced dentist is exactly what we wanted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone was excellent ! i took my 2 year old twins here for a checkup and everyone from the receptionist to the dentist was great . very knowledgeable and patient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the dentist is amazing ! the staff is great ! been coming here for 5 years and we love it . hard to find a great dentist in vegas . the only thing is they always run behind and the waiting room is constantly crowed and over full . we have always had to wait . usually always 15 to 20 minutes after our appointment are we seen . other then that they are great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love dr. gary and all the staff ! they are super amazing , we 've been going here for about 5 years now . wait time is not too bad . i wish all doctor offices were like this ! my kids ca n't wait to go to the dentist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i probably changed my kids dentist more than once in less than 2 years because i was n't happy with the service . my coworker had referred me to this place and my kids loves it . staff are always nice . office is so clean . dr. richardson is such a great doctor . the kids are never afraid to go back to their regular check up . and usually there 's a wait on every appointment . we were out of their in 45 minutes . would recommend this place to any parents", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! the whole process from booking my daughter 's appointment to the moment we walked out was great ! you can tell the hygienist really loves her job . she made my daughter very comfortable and calm . dr. gary was awesome as well and never made me feel rushed . i tend to ask a lot of questions . the office and bathrooms were very pleasant and clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the dentist is so amazing with kids . he is so kind , patient and loving . he is very detailed about procedures for the parents and entertaining for the kids ' peace of mind . the facility is very kid friendly and high tech . bathroom is amazingly clean for being in a children 's facility lol . had to change insurance and he was n't in the coverage and was so disappointed . changing back to the previous insurance just so we can go to him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place handled my daughter 's procedures smoothly ! my daughter gets very antsy but she was n't at all when we got here nor did she get upset . we had just came from having a horrible experience elsewhere , so naturally my daughter was very nervous at first , but this place & visit was professionally handled so she felt comfortable here . great staff & dentist who knew what he was doing & knows how to handle children .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently switched my kids here due to a move and could n't be happier . the office staff and hygienists are super friendly . dr gary is great with kids and super thorough . the video games on the lobby help too in getting kids excited to go to the dentist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved this office . very nice , helpful staff . hygienist was super sweet and walked my son through each step of the process so he felt comfortable on his first visit . cute decorations and fun games in waiting room . my son loved his cool electric toothbrush ( cars ) , stickers and bouncy ball from the `` treasure tower '' . i would definitely recommend this office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved this pediatric dental office ! ! i have been searching for months for an office to complete my 5 year old son 's dental issues . i went to two other pediatric dentists and was not happy with their treatment plans ( general anesthesia completed at the hospital for fillings ! ! ) . i could n't justify putting my son completely under for fillings when he is cooperative at the dentist ! general anethesia in my eyes is a big deal and the risk of it ( although small is n't worth it for a few cavities ! dr. richardardson and his staff were amazing with my son ! he had the work completed in-office without any problems ! i could tell that the staff here love children and know how to make them feel at ease ( unlike just for kids dentistry ) . i highly recommend adventure smiles and could n't be happier with my experience there ! ! thank you dr. richardson and staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic experience ! called one day , and got a next day appointment for both kids . nice waiting room with 2 video games to keep the kids busy while i filled out easy electronic forms . within 5 minutes we were called in . julie started us on x-rays and got my 8 year to sit stand still and get good pics . when the 3 year old refused she did n't force the issue . inside the exam room , the seat laid all the way back so the kids could watch a movie playing on the ceiling . after julie 's gentle cleaning , dr. richardson came in to review the x-rays . he was very nice , explained everything clearly , and made recommendations for a cavity treatment that surprisingly , yet pleasantly , does not include extraction . throughout julie was amazing making sure the kids had a good experience , first and foremost .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in my opinion this is the best pediatric dentist in las vegas all three of my kids love dr. gary each of them started going here at the age of two . he is extremely patient with the little ones an discusses each an every step of the procedure . the rest of the staff is super friendly i highly recommend this place you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we absolutely love dr. gary and his staff . they take excellent care of my children each and every time we go in for services . my kids love it and never ever complain about going to the dentist . they 've never been scared and they 're always made to feel comfortable . i really can not say enough positive things about this dentist and his office staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "son loves coming here . staff is so sweet . so good with the kids . the video games for the kids in the lobby help with the wait- if you even have to wait . they 're super quick and attentive . awesome tvs over the chairs so the kids can watch movies while the dentist does his thing . nicest guy i 've ever met ! my son broke his front tooth over the weekend and they were able to get him right in . happy campers here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do not value their patients and they have no patience with the kids . the office manager lisa was very rude and laughed when i let her know that we would not be returning . if your kids need a procedure done that may be a little difficult do not come here . they do n't want to deal with crying kids .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i took my daughter her on a referral and was very impressed . the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and the atmosphere was clean and comfortable . they answered all my questions and my daughter left with a smile . thank you , we will be back in 6 months : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i first brought my oldest here 6 years ago . the staff has always been friendly from the time you walk in the door till you leave . they are patient and kind to the children . for the first couple of years my oldest loved the idea of going to the dentist but would freak out once she was in the chair . never once were we asked to leave , the hygienist was always patient with her and she would leave with a smile . i now have 3 kids who all love going here . today was my youngests first time there and he did great . we were in and out in under an hour . that is 2 sets of x-rays , 3 cleanings , and 3 check ups with dr. gary . any time some one mentions that they are looking for a dentist for their child i immediately recommend this office . i do n't think there is any other place in town that offers such wonderful service to the children .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a terrible experience with another pediatric dentist in town . the hygienists were so forceful and my daughter would be in tears before we ever made it back to the dentist . my daughter needed some work done and they told us she would have to go under general anesthesia because she squirmed a little bit during her appointment . we felt very uncomfortable about this and decided to try adventure smiles before we went through with it . i explained our previous experience and the hygienists and the dentist were so patient and gentle with her . she did not shed a single tear and she got all of her work done with laughing gas without squirming or feeling a thing . i am so grateful that we found this dentist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place ! ! i am so glad that i brought my kids here to be seen . not only do they have friendly and great customer service but you are not sitting in the waiting room for a long time . once we signed in we were called to the back to get the exam started right away . the dental assistant was so nice and gentle with my two girls , she talk to them and made them feel comfortable the whole time during their exam .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter likes this dentistry . she never afraid of going there . because dr. gary and all his nurses are really polite and kind with u and ur child . they know how to find an approach to the children , how to make an examination of ur child 's teeth , so that ur little one will not even afraid of or worry about the fact that she has an appointment with dentist . thank u , dr. gary and all his staff members for ur care and work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girls absolutely enjoy coming to adventure smiles ! ! everyone is so friendly ! very pleasant office ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. gary is quick , and i mean really quick . it literally took about 2 mins to be in and out of there . about a month ago the kids came for the first exam and had to be put to sleep so he can do all the work . scheduled appt and everything was great . my kids came looking good . u ca n't even tell they had crowns done . the office called to make sure the kids were ok and if we needed anything the same day and the day after which i thought was a really nice thing to do . went for the post-op appt and again we were outta there in a min . highly recommended dr. gary just do n't expect to have long conversations", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very kid friendly pediatric dentist . the hygienist nina did a wonderful job and gave james good advise on how to get the few spots he misses . two sealants fell out likely due to james crunching ice . i did n't know it was that bad for your teeth . dr. richardson replaced them for free and made my son feel good about his twice a day brushing , flossing and overall dental care . i recommend this office for your kids dental care , especially if you live sw . it 's very easy to get to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter had a great dentist in san diego so i was worried about transitioning to a new dentist ... after our first visit all my worries were put at ease ! adventure smiles is fantastic ! the check-in process was all electronic and was super efficient ! the staff were all wonderful , friendly and very kid-friendly ! they explained everything that was happening and answered any questions i may have . the dentist was quick , but never made me feel rushed . the entire appointment went smoothly and pain-free ! i 'd definitely recommend adventure smiles and am relieved to find a new dentist for my daughter that we both love ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son loves this place , the decor is awesome , kid friendly . the staff is so nice and gentle with the kids . dr. richardson is the best ! i wish they took adults here so i could go to ... i totally recommend this dentist ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great dentist for kids ... been going here for years . the practice is well run and managed and the dentist is super careful with the kids ... they never feel any pain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if 1 2 stars were an option ... . ordered a burger and fries today for lunch off grubhub . i 'm pretty sure it was made-to-order , but then it sat around for an hour before being delivered . my burger was cold , bun was soggy , and extremely dry , my fries were cold , soggy , and chewy , and my soda was watered down because the ice had melted . the delivery driver was friendly enough , but definitely lazy and his appearance was unkempt . needless to say , i 'm so glad i had the opportunity to spend $ 18 on a sack of sh ! t for lunch today . thanks boston 's !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a sports bar ! said they would have nfl draft on . interupted it it for bar trivia . food was ok but slow . beer was very warm .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has an identity crisis . now , as of 5 10 , it is back to being called boston 's . the owners did not want to pay the franchise fee , but i guess they came to some agreement recently . so , the owner pays for all new signage , changes menu ( not for the better ) , gets new uniforms , new cooking equipment , but never had his credit card system working the entire time the place changed names . i think the franchise won the battle on this skirmish . the owner probably has alot of egg on his face now . farewell fancy plates and parsley sprinkles . while you at it , get rid of the thursday night trivia guy too . you really think people are n't checking answers on cell phones in 2013 ? the questions are often quite easy and the guy thinks he is some sort of comedian when he gets a microphone . ( not a very good one either ) . corner office - closed", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my friend and i ordered a pizza with veggies ( our own topings not the veggie pizza on the menu ) and it was delicious . crust was nice and crispy around the edges but not over cooked . sauce , cheese and toping combinations were in perfect balance ! we will be going back for at least the pizza !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered a pizza from this place using grubhub - the pizza was horrible , expensive , took forever ( longer than gh promised ) , and arrived cold ! will never order from this place again . the pizza was so disgusting that it seemed that they used velveta fake cheese on it , it was so bad that we had to trash it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they delivered a mac & cheese hot dog and a black bean burger to my home and it 's wonderful . so fast and so tasty !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came across this cute restaurant after some sightseeing in the city . what a cute place , with what looks like french flair ( not that i 've ever been to france ) . i ordered the riviera sandwich which was absolutely delicious ! i 'm not partial to mushrooms at all , once i finished the sandwich my husband mentioned there was a portobello cap in the sandwich ... i did n't even realize , it was all so yummy ! ! grilled veggies and goat cheese on a ciabatta bun , fantastic ! the creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e dessert was the perfect end to our meal . great little place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "greeted by shoes and makeup ? did i just die and go to retail heaven ? i was always intimidated by neiman marcus ' price tags , but wanted to give it a go because i knew they were having a sale . i found several pairs of designer shoes for nearly 75 % off . like , whoa . their selection here is designer heaven . even without a sale , you can see touch smell the the quality in the labels this location offers . and do n't even get me started on their handbags . chanel ? i die . and i 'm very excited to report that my fear of reliving the pretty woman shopping experience did not occur . next visit i 'm hitting up the neiman marcus cafe that i discovered on the second floor ! and i also want to mention that the ladies room smells like gummy bears . i told you this place is retail heaven !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped in neiman marcus today after visiting santa who is inside the mall just outside the store . we went in the children 's department to look around and of course my kids found some fun toy cars to put on their `` wish list '' . i found some beautiful prada and gucci bags to put on my `` wish list '' . the nm cafe is modern yet casual restaurant adjacent to the toy area complete with balcony and full bar to enjoy views of the strip . kids menu and gluten free menu here . will have to try it out on my next visit but my loyalty has always been to nordies cafe . friendly and warm service by all sales associates on this visit . looking forward to coming back to see if a new line of parfum by ramon monegal of spain is here . it can be found on the website but ran out of time to seek out samples . love a store where you can find all of your luxurious brands that are hard to find elsewhere . i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful store : ) the layout of this store is so very nice . i love coming here to try and find those amazing deals that truly shock my friends . this store offers a nice selection of very elegant and cute clothing . the staff is so friendly and helpful here . i love all the fragrances and the quality here is always top of the line . if you are in the area i highly recommend stopping in and taking a peak in the men or women 's department for those amazing sales on favorite clothing designers . usually they have great sales in hopes a customer will by a regular priced item as well . tip-stick with just the sale items and you will be good to go ; ) win , win !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is solely for the makeup mastery of michelle at the ysl counter . i totally do n't know why i did n't remember to write a review sooner since my trip was in the summer . i love mac products , but let 's admit it , many of the girls who work there themselves and on their customers cake the makeup on ! i love having that sexy nighttime smokey eye look , but if i went to mac to get my makeup done it would be 1000 times more intense and probably take a lot longer to wash off . michelle knows her stuff , she actually used to work at mac awhile back ; so she can give you that mac look without caking on the makeup ! she gave me the best makeover for two nights in a row for the clubs . i kept receiving compliments all night and had way better vegas b-day pictures because of her . go see visit her at the ysl counter , she 's so sweet and talented . she 'll make you look so damn hot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "geez , just because i was n't dressed in a suit after my long drive into town does n't mean you should ignore me and pretend i do n't even exist . shoot , even a `` hello , good afternoon '' goes a long way . i would know , because i work retail . so stop being snobbish a-holes and acknowledge your clientele , you stuck-up blue blood douchebags . your store definitely lost a sale that day .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this review is solely for the evening wear department . i came in here yesterday to look a for a long dress to wear to a wedding . two associates saw me walk in looking around and i was never approached to see if i needed help . these two snobby ladies were just chitchatting like i did n't exist but offered assistance to this one shopper who carries a very expensive purse.. then another sales associate was talking on her phone the whole time that i did n't even realize she works there until she asked if i needed help , took the dress from my hand that i wanted to try on and puts it back in the rack and continues to talk on her phone ( who the f c does that ? ! ! ! ) i was so annoyed , i left the store.. so unprofessional ! ! so to nm management , please teach your staff how to treat your customers with respect before your company goes downhill .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "black friday early-bird sale was insane ! lots of good stuff on the sale rack ( and i hate the sale rack ) for an extra 30 % off . plus , if you spent $ 100 , you got a coupon to immediately receive $ 50 off a regularly priced item ... a pair of jeans ? ? ? ? good times ... . ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay , i '' m not a huge neiman marcus fan . it 's a little too fashionable for moi . i 'm more of a shorts , jeans , and t-shirt guy . but damn , they have some of the best collections of fashion designers for purses , accessories , etc . but more importantly , the men 's room is one of the nicest i 've ever been in a department store . for that ... 5 stars and woot woot from me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i walk in there im completely ignored and have my nose stuck up at me . just because i do n't look hoity toity does n't mean i 'm now in there to purchase anything . i hate feeling looked down upon and prefer to take my business else where .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we visit las vegas to shop , and in part because this neiman 's location has a fantastic selection . why are we reluctant to return ? the sales staff is way too aggressive and not very professional . we found ourselves in the middle of a huge amount of tension between sales people and wound up being 'assigned ' to one woman who simply could n't wait on all of us adequately . she was pushy about following us around the store but disappeared when we needed help with sizes or selection . all this drama unfolded while several other sales people stood to one side waiting for their turn to pounce on incoming customers . really neimans ! we arrived ready to buy and only 1 of 6 of us left with a bag . professional service and a little less tension about 'claiming us ' would have resulted in a vastly different shopping experience and many more sales . we are smart women and smart shoppers , and although we are substantially younger than the sales people , we expect to be treated with some respect . we moved on to saks , with great results .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is terrible ... very rude .. plus they close at 8:00 in vegas ... really ! ? so at 7:55 you need a pair of $ 86 tights , good luck , they wo n't let u buy them ... & very rudely they will let u know they are closed . & then good luck getting out of the store because they lock all of the exits even the parking garage ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have always found a great selection and in the past have been greeted promptly upon entering each department . i must say though , that the last several times i have shopped at nm i have been less than impressed with the customer service . this holiday season i have been to the shoe department , the fragrance counter , various cosmetics counters , and the david yurman jewelry counter . dy and la mer were the only place where i found a sales associate without their nose inches from a mobile phone . it is my understanding that each associate has a `` company phone '' which they use to contact clients and do various work related tasks . however , it is very off-putting to be physically present in a store and being made to wait while the associate finishes a text message or email . i completely understand nm wanting to stay abreast of current technology , but there must be a more professional way to do so .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love to shop at this place , great customer service and quality stuff ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "obviously neiman marcus is expensive no matter where you go , but unlike most of their stores this location at fashion show benefits in one big way - by being in vegas , where the rich and the middle class often mingle and look similar to the retail eye , the typical pretense reserved for `` elite '' clientele is left out as each and every clerk is well dressed , well mannered , and incredibly helpful whether you 're dressed in a led zeppelin t-shirt or suited by louis vuitton . featuring particularly impressive sales , particularly around the holidays , and the same impressive selection as neiman marcus in new york or san francisco i ca n't say i have the time or inclination to shop here frequently , but it also never hurts to go in and look when everyone is so pleasant and the store is so well polished .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this neiman 's gets a special mention from me because it 's the only one in the whole country ( that i know of ) that does n't make you use amex or their store credit card . i was able to use my visa , no problem !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as far as fashion and shopping goes . this place is a shopper 's dream . everytime i walk into the store i feel like i am heaven . i just wish i had all the money in the world to spend to buy everything i wanted . every designer is featured in this store with the most beautiful merchandise around town . this is the best department store around ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been shopping here for over ten years every time im in town as we do n't have one in utah . i love neimans but his last time i was being helped by a michael moore who kept misquoting me wrong prices and when i finally was ready to check out everything was a lot more then he quoted . now i dont know if this is his way to sell or what but i think as a representative of such a big company this a tasteless practice that treats your patrons like we have no shopping sense or we just have so much money we dont mind being lied to about price . very tacky ! ! ! things he picked up for me off the `` take an additional 25 % '' he would not do saying it was put there wrongly . really ? ? ? wow not impressed . sad too because it was all infant clothing that i just put back . i walked away with a really bad feeling and disappointment .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this lady that is employed at this neiman marcus was extremely rude to my family and i. i was invited to attend a wedding last minute and work a ton so i tried to rush over to the fashion show mall to purchase a dress . i looked in many stores and had no luck . we can to this store not knowing it closed at 8pm . ( online it says fashion show closes at 9pm ) so as we looked around this older lady with straight long white hair rudely commented that they were closed . she had an attitude and the most disgusted look on her face . i 'm sorry that you hate your job and want to go home very badly but this store has lost my business because of her . i hope you find happiness in your life .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unfreakin ' believable ! this is the only nm store that i 've ever experienced some customer service from ... and good customer service at that ! we strolled into the lv boutique , and while i know these folks work for lv , they were very nice . we ended up buying a couple of purses . we then went to look at the chanel sunglass counter , and the gal was really helpful and nice . we chatted for a bit , specifically about why customer service at the palo alto and san francisco stores is so horrendously bad non-existent ! haha . needless to say , great customer service can get you a fat sale . two pairs of chanel sunglasses later , and not feeling guilty ... anyhow , thanks las vegas nm for redeeming nm !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rachelle s. is an amazing employee you have at gucci ! the help picking out multiple products with proper knowledge of every single thing we needed ! thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here to help a friend buy jeans ... which can be quite a daunting task . tiffany helped us out and was more than knowledgeable . i told her what we were looking for and before you could say rock n ' republic she had 6 pairs of jeans that were all super cute . my friend ended up picking out 2 pairs . thank you tiffany for all your help ... you were wonderful : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in my continuing saga to find a wedding dress , i finally found one on neiman marcus 's website . i thought since i 'm in vegas i 'll take a look at it in the store . well , we went in and looked completely lost of course so one of the sales staff pointed me to the right floor . when i got to the proper floor the sales staff was very helpful , however , they do n't carry the dress in question . they were tried to find some other selections to show me , but as i found out , most white dresses are n't in stock until at least february . i appreciated that they tried to assist me with my quest . i ultimately , went back online and ordered it when i arrived home . i would n't mind going back and checking out a few more things at another time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the customer service here is wonderful . the sales associate i had here is from the bay area as well , and she was reminiscing her bay area days with us . she found out we were newlyweds and she was was one too and we were talking about our weddings . i was looking at different handbag collections and she took me around the whole section and even let me take pix on my cell phone so i could ask my friends at home for opinions : ) haha .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love shopping at here i have never met a rude employee here . i 've tried shopping a few times at saks but every time i 've come across some very rude stuck up employees . here i have been treated like a million bucks no matter what . and that 's why i keep coming back to this store only .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . they have everything i want and the service is super friendly . as much as i like shopping , i do n't like to drive around everywhere in town to do it so if i have a lot of things to buy , i come here . they have great specials and their private shows are awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just stuck in the shoes section . overall , very high end stuff that did n't beat the prices at saks fifth for the exact same thing , even with their sales .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just want to give this place props because even on black friday , the busiest of all shopping days , i received friendly , world-class customer service . usually i feel a little intimidated shopping in nm 's , but this time around i received loads of assistance , and the ladies were all very friendly and helpful . i almost forgot that i 'm not worth a million bucks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just love love love my personal shopper ... .. he is the best ! alejandro is outstanding at customer service . its like having my personal butler while shopping always keeps me informed with upcoming special events . love neimans presale customer appreciation events . truly is satisfaction guaranteed . also love the fact i can have my purchases delivered at home if i do n't want to carry the bags ! ! ! ! ! i 'm hooked", "score": "5"}
{"review": "6 13 10 with my gf bought a wallet for her and i 'm just going to leave it at that . i want my ipad : ( total : $ $ $ no sale tax cause we had it shipped . pro : none con : none", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good clothes . great styles . super expensive lol good locations though . you always try the nieman marcus rack", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love shopping here . jennifer z. w. provided outstanding customer service in the women 's section - friendly , helpful , and very knowledgeable about product lines . she helped me select a coat for myself as well as choose a gift for my daughter . a delight to work with . headed back to las vegas in july and look forward to shopping at neiman marcus again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked the pre christmas soecuals . neiman marcus offered an extra 50 % off some of their items ; whereas saks fifth did not , even past new year , so this time ... hello nieman marcus . this must be the reason there are two to three times more customers here . i must say tiday , it is shoppers paradise here today .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoy shopping at nm or saks more than nordstrom . nordstrom is turning into the wal-mart of the three stores . sorry but not sorry . nm feels more empty , of the three , however its wonderful . you can shop in peace . there is n't a bunch of random people near you who are looking but not buying . lots of great fashion , beauty and shoes . my first choice when i head to fs mall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pricey but , then again , it is neiman 's . i love the selection -- the best out of the ones i 've been to . service is not great but i 've always been a do-it-yourself shopper ( i like to shop in peace ) . definitely worth the trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tom ford counter - leore and daisy were amazing ! leore was able to provide info on a particualr scent , that even the tom ford salesperson in crystals could not provide for me the day before ( when i purchased it ) . leore was not forceful and we walked around the store with the scent cards and cologne on us - we returned to make our purchase and daisy helped us ! what a great experience . will be back next time in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whenever i am in town i stop by here . conveniently located at the corner of the mall on the central strip side . good variety of product and i like the boutiques inside in the handbag section for lv , prada , gucci and chanel . i am always underdressed , but the sales team at the chanel boutique was friendly and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "appalled at the customer service . was accused of lying and told i could not return shoes 10 hours later . never come to this store", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bought jo malone london perfume and was helped instantly . they were in tune to what i wanted and helped me find a fragrance for my mom . the scents are all amazing despite not all being within my personal preference . my favorite is the nectarine blossom & honey . i will be buying more from them especially their candles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect for mommy and daughter time . this , unlike most neimans , accept visa and mastercard so that was new to me ( usually use amex or cash ) . location is great as well , in the cluster of the fine department stores on the side of the mall and not in the middle . plus , the last time i went , there were many racks that made it look like an outlet ... . which is n't necessarily a good thing because as we all know : cheap things attract tourists ! sigh", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never had a bad experience here . my usual area is around the chanel counters ( and the little chanel boutique ) . everyone is always extremely helpful , friendly , and efficient . i 've never been treated remotely poorly ( and if i was it would make a lot more sense than being treated like a hobo at dillard 's ) . the sales staff are n't pushy and stuffy at all . i 'm here every couple months to look for new make-up staples and the staff is always happy to help . i would never go to any other chanel counter to shop after being treated like royalty here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what i like most about this nm is their dress department . they have just a bit more glitz and glamour . it is vegas after all .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i give this neiman marcus store 5 stars ! i have never left this store empty handed . they have a big selection of luxury handbags . i wish i can buy them all ! ! drina is a great s.a. i 've been using her for few years now and have no complaints . she can always find me what im looking for and keeps me updated on whats new . if she is not working i usually go to the s.a. in the shoe department . they arent annoying like the ones that work in fragrance and makeup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "louis vuitton in this store sucks . yeah do not buy lv from here . their store reps and managers have absolutely no idea what they are doing . i feel like they are just living mannequins and no more . instead go to the actual louis vuitton store in the same mall and their service is much much better . but again this is las vegas and there are so many lv stores that you do n't need to deal with stores like this . good luck and happy shopping .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yes , i 've been here several times and i can say that it 's a typical neimans - lots of expensive luxe goods and plenty of temptation at every turn . for both me and the wife . i do like me a neimans ... however , what 's even funnier is that there is a changing room for those with the baminos . only , there 's no door . so when my wife left me with the baby when she had to run back into forever 21 , i had to try and take a screaming kid into the changing room and then grimace in embarrassment as he demonstrated that he certainly inherited my genes with his 200 decibel howling , unabated by a door . i 'm sure someone in the store though i was boiling my son alive . can we put a door on that room ? i mean , i did pay $ 2000 for a hand bag here before . a few more guys like me and you can afford a door , right ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious things i cant afford , $ 600 ruby slippers . nice peeps and handy from the venetian . eyed jo malone from afar and wanted my french lime blossom but went to sephora forr tocca instead , deep sigh . a lovely store in every way", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this store ! i always feel out of place at saks fifth avenue as though the salespeople are `` sizing me up . '' in neiman 's there 's noone of that . everyone always greets you warmly . there is an especially wonderful saleswoman in the second floor ladies department named elle . she is fabulous . she is so helpful , suggesting items without being the least bit pushy . elle has a way of knowing exactly what you 're looking for . so , if you ever find yourself in the ladies department in neiman 's ask for elle . you wo n't be sorry ! and also , the cafe on the second floor is also excellent . we were dining there and happened to ask our waitress if she knew who was winning in some sporting event that i have since forgotten . she asked the bartender who did n't know , so what did she do ? she whipped out her iphone and looked it up for us ! now that 's going above and beyond i would say !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my visit to neiman marcus was for the intention of buying a specific cologne ( creed green irish tweed ) that is only carried by neiman marcus . the associates were attentive and knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking forward to shopping here the day after christams ... but was sorely disappointed by its selections . my husband also described the men 's room here as one of the most disgust bathrooms he has seen - to put it on context - my husband is from alaska ... so for him to make such a statement it must have been pretty horrible . the only saving grace is the service in the shoe dept . despite the madness the sa was very friendly and patient .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome service and helpful knowledgeable staff , love perfume , always buy it here , they have the best return policy too , incase your not happy with anything", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone was nice and approachable . i only come here to treat myself when i 've worked so hard i barely have time to socialize . the woman 's shoe department kinda slummed . anyway i got my two new purses . im happy", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first store i visited at the fashion mall . love this store ! every departments has the best of best in brands and product . i can get lost for days in this store . especially love the beauty department . recently got addicted to the la mer brand that they carry . one of the sales ladies was nice enough to give me tons of samples of their eye cream and face cream and i immediately became addicted . went to the la mer counter and was immediately assisted by a sales associate . she was very nice and also introduced to me to some of their new products and gave me generous samples . i really like the service at neiman . all the sales people seem very knowledgeable and seem to genuinely care about your questions and concerns .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to the neiman marcus in san francisco before and most sales associates there do n't give you the time of day because they do n't think you can afford to buy anything in the store ... totally different experience in the lv store ... went there to check out their bugaboo selection , and it was a pretty large selection ... even more variety then their sf counterpart ... the sales person was very courteous ... chatted with us for 15 minutes ... showed us the new denim chameleon and went on and on about their new paul frank bugaboo merchandise ... i did n't buy anything that day , but when i went back the following day i did purchase one of their bugaboo bags ... very good shopping experience in this particular store ... h-100 ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "at first i thought it was kind of stupid to shop at nm here given that i have one in sf , but i am happy that i did . i had a great experience . i 'd actually come in for the chanel counter , but i ended up browsing for clothes and found some great tops . i worked with a sa named megan who was quite young but very professional and fun . i have been on a quest to find some `` perfect '' t-shirts and aside from my love of theory , she introduced me to some others . all in all , a great experience . i was n't going to review it , but i wanted to just because of the great service . i highly recommend megan if you 're in the market for contemporary designers and great t-shirts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend got me a tory burch purse here..i love how the handbag section is kinda empty.. service was great and wrapped it for me.. love the purse = ]", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rhonda hethcoat ! thee makeup artist for neiman marcus . spent alot of time explaining the georgio armani prducts to us.. loved the fact that she was soo educated at what she was doing . bought multiple items and will be back for more ( and even to say hi , offcourse ) ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly , they work on commission , and great clothes ! high end clothes with high end prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yay , one wild place to shop ... exclusive brands and prices ... .the girls love it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always a great selection . the lady who took my measurements and helped me with my sizes name was nancy . the clothes here are always top notch well made and cared for . i had to make a return as well and the return was quick and smooth . customer service and quality are the reason i love neiman marcus so much . the only reason i 'm giving 4 star is because the restroom needed attention nd when i 'm in a store ready to drop $ 1,000.00 i a bag i expect the restroom to be well manicured . overall 4 stars . and i will be back ( soon ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful collection ! you have to go when they are having their 'last call ' sale . they put racks upon rakcs in the isle that are filled with lovely affortable items ! love it . possibly snooty at times but what do you expect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was very good . the staff wee quite friendly . i loved all the items they carry . ( :", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst return policy ever ! ! ! do n't shop here ! ugh go spend your money elsewhere . also sales staff are snobby and think their shit do n't stink but you can smell their shit from miles away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tom ford cosmetics-cathy at the counter helped me so much with something that i was not even aware that i needed help with ... beard oil . who would have known ? i was walking by when she simply said `` hello '' , after a few words of small talk she helped me understand how important it was to properly maintain my newly grown beard . i am sold on my new find `` oud wood '' ! cathy told me that she was out of the oil but has already called me to tell me that the oil is in , now that 's service ! i ended ordering a couple of things for friends at work . had i not stopped and talked to cathy , i ca n't say i would have the need to go to the counter otherwise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is solely for carlos , who works in the designer bags section . after being told at many boutiques that the bag i was searching for was sold out across the country , carlos was able to find it immediately for me and had it shipped to me within a week . he is so incredibly helpful and nice , and my mom and i have resisted buying bags elsewhere just so we could buy from him ! we had my younger sister and brother with us and he brought out bottled water and such for them as they waited for me and my mom to buy the bags . i 'll definitely be back when i 'm want to buy a new bag !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love to shop at neiman marcus because of the quality of service that they have always provided . i 've never met a rude sales person at neiman marcus especially at cosmetic counters . they really provide top-notch services . i was checking out any new product at ysl counter and replenished some stuffs too . the sales ladies were so friendly and helpful . they even offered my friend a casual makeup after my purchased . i also got the best cleanser i never had ! eve lom 1st day launched at neiman marcus and got 5 sales at the counter . after i tried the cleanser , i felt in love with it . such a nice and relaxing shopping experiences , i only found it in neiman .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff was very attentive here . everyone was friendly and considerate without being overbearing or pushy . neda was a peach to work with and i will definitely be back next time i 'm in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a total wimp when it comes to getting blood drawn . i 've fainted or come close to fainting almost every time . they were so quick , efficient , and nice at this sonora quest lab . it was the easiest , most painless experience i 've ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband recently had a severely bad case of hives due to an unknown allergic reaction . after going to his allergist , she prescribed he complete some blood work at the nearby lab . upon arrival , we barely waited 10 minutes before they called him back . we were in and out in under 30 minutes , which was very lucky . ( we still had to go get prescriptions . ) the staff was very friendly and nice . the inside seemed a little sad and outdated . the lighting was nothing special making the place seem gloomy dark . i do n't think i could keep a chipper attitude if i worked there , so more power to the staff . overall , if you need blood work done , head to this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "all around fast and friendly service . donna was very pleasant to be with . i am glad i chose this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only have been here for blood draws via wellnessfx and the process was super smooth . made appointments online , showed up on time and was taking in with little wait . the first time i was here the person who did the draw must have used magic because i literally did not feel anything . the second time it took two attempts , and yes , i was drinking water , so it was a little more of a process but still went smooth and the person doing it had an attitude that made everything work out well even with the trouble they had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our pediatrician ordered labs for my one-year-old 's wellness check . unfortunately they do n't do draws in office so i had to take him to an outside lab . i felt so uneasy about it because i remember past experiences at outpatient laboratories but this was very different . they assured me they had experience with peds when i asked . i made an appt , although they said i could also walk-in . they recommend coming in the afternoon , which i did . my wait time was maybe five minutes . the office seemed fairly clean . only one other person was in the waiting area with me . the phlebotomist , meghan , was very friendly and efficient . i would return there again if needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "normally a bad experience but not this time . want to commend megan for her tireless efforts and follow through regarding contact with my doctor and expediting the process . things went smoothly and i left a happy camper . 5 stars ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent experience . easy online scheduling . appointment was at 11am ; arrived 10 minutes early for any paperwork . they confirmed it was me & had the doc 's prescription in their system . called me at 11 and out at 11:05 . sonja was very professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "same boat ... ..prepaid package for a suddenly empty store . talked with the business next door and they said they disappeared suddenly sat before last . if anyone else gets any information regarding the owner 's contact info or any legal action , i am more than happy to join in the fight . so unprofessional ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had one training class and the trainer left the gym . i asked for a refund and they charged me three more months ! ! ! ! ! what a scam ! it has turned out to be the most expensive class ever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "does anyone have a clue to what happened to eos at the corner of 44th and camelback ? they were so happy to take my money last week -- yet today they are shut and emptied out ! no notices on the door-nothing . i 'm upset that someone i have done business with for over 3 years just burned me ( and many others ) i would suppose they would n't want to show their faces around town ... .shame !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this eos tanning salon ! it 's the coolest salon i 've been to in phoenix . it has the airbrush tanning service now which i 'm addicted to . but excellent beds as well . the people there are super friendly and very helpful . what stands out about this salon is the feel , i ca n't explain it , it 's just a non-cheesy well decorated and has a neighborhood feel to it . its not a run of the mill tanning salon . i suggest anyone try this place out , its on camelback and 44th st . i think its been there for 10 years or so , but i just found it . wish this place would get a website , i would have found it sooner . i did find parking during busy times in this area was challenging .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in from out if town today ( monday ) and was surprised and disappointed to find them closed w a sign saying closed on mondays until fall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was greeted by a very helpful man who answered any questions i had . they have a pretty big selection of yarns and needles though i did n't see any needles that were huge ( 15+ ) if that 's what you 're looking for . i 'd love to go there again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "susan 's is the real deal : an independently-owned business at its finest . the owners are as generous as can be with their honest knowledge of all things related to knitting and yarns : from the chemistry of fibers to the sheep in the country of origin . be sure to call ahead to confirm the hours , as the internet is not a reliable source ! this yarn shop serves as something of a community center for the curious and kind . visitors share family stories while getting a little help on their latest projects . there is a wide selection of quality yarns and a pretty good stock of needles too . on display are several impressive hats , shawls , blankets , sweaters , and plush toys which serve as inspiration . they have bamboo and buttons , crochet hooks and quilting , plus a highly sought-after wool-dyeing workshop . shopping here is the opposite of going to a big-box chain store like jo-ann fabrics or michael 's , where the racks are stuffed with low-grade acrylics and the salespeople are stretched thin . i look forward to returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend on the spot carpet cleaning ! pete and rudy cleaned my carpet last week and it looks amazing . they got out stains that i thought were impossible to remove . they took the time to educate me on how to maintain and prolong the life of my carpet and did n't try to sell me on more products or upgrades like other companies have tried in the past . this is the only carpet cleaning company i will use from now on and i will continue to recommend on the spot carpet cleaning to all my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ! pete and debby were wonderful ! my carpets look amazing ! i highly recommend on the spot ! ask for pete ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in january 2017 we bought a house and had pete take care of cleaning the carpets in 3 bedrooms and also cleaned nearly 900 sq ft of tile and grout . pete did a great job at a great price and we highly recommend him for any and all your floor cleaning needs . he called to confirm the day before was right on time the next day . he was friendly , courteous and did a thorough job with great advice on tile grout upkeep .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the carpets were just cleaned - great job again . i have been using on the spot for 3 years for my rental houses . i asked them to return due to some stains . they came back and re-treated for free . looks great ! they are very highly recommended for all types of carpets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing , courteous , kind , efficient , hard working , they go above and beyond ! such a pleasure to be a customer of this company . they did wonders for my home . found out about them from a friend and her description of their work to be wonderfully indescribable was on the spot ! thank you ! we would love to and will work with this company in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pete and justin did an amazing job on carpet i thought was not recoverable . pale grey carpet , pet stains and various other mystery spots all gone ! ! ! ! i will get them here twice a year from now on . professional and courteous exceeding expectations . thank you guys ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pete has been to our house several times over the years and does a great job and very informative ! ! and with at times 5 dogs , two kids and a cat plus the dust from living in the rural desert he does an awesome job and does n't take too long . he recommends the shark vacuum which i have n't bought yet pete but i still want you to come next week ! lol ! katie r .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent carpet cleaner . i have referred to my friends , he is that good . very trustworthy , honest , conscientious , and hard-working . great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "salmon nicoise salad and turkey chili bean were both excellent . very helpful friendly attentive staff . all the menu items look very tasty including the sandwiches . i 'll be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nordstrom caf\u00e9 is so underrated . when i 've mentioned going here to friends that have n't been before , they 're like `` i 'm not eating at a department store '' . but they have been missing out , the food is so fresh & tasty . i am not a salad person & i love the salmon nicoise salad ( $ 11 ) . it takes a few minutes for it to come out since the salmon is served hot on the salad , but so worth it . also i always check out the soup of the day , they have tomato basil everyday which is delicious but i normally like to try the other one being served that day . everything else i 've had here has been good -- pizza , sandwiches , etc . strongly recommend when in need of a shopping break : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cafe nordstrom has been saving me from food court doom for years . if you 're eating in the mall and you 're not eating here , you 've made a terrible mistake , my friend . everything is consistently delicious and well prepared , standouts include the angel hair pasta , shrimp salad , and tuscan salmon . do yourself a favor and come home without a panda express food baby of guilt and sodium and enjoy some fresh cooked awesome instead .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wandering into the cafe after a day 's shopping , we were surprised by its excellent selection of food at very reasonable prices . we settled on a pizza , and it was one of the best we 'd eaten in scottsdale , almost on a par with grazie 's pizzeria and wine bar . we plan to return to he cafe soon , even if we do n't happen to be shopping . give it a try ; you 'll enjoy it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do have a habit to try each nordstrom cafe at every place ! the scottsdale nordstrom cafe is the coolest one i have had so far ! all of the food has a display section , and we can order that according to that ! i got attracted at the beginning with chicken parmigiana ! and i ordered that right away . but after i walked through entire display section , i feel regretful because there are so many other good options ! anyway chicken parmigiana is good and tasty ! cream br\u00fbl\u00e9e is also fresh and creamy ! service is good ! wine is good too ! it is a cool and fun nordstrom cafe ! i really got impressed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad i have checked this out . i love going here when i go shopping . the food is very good . the waitstaff is excellent which is surprising since you order at the counter . never had a bad time here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the other nordstroms i 've been to just have the coffee bar but this is a full blown restaurant . its a great place to have a nice peaceful quiet lunch when you are out at the mall . it is as quick as the food court but without having to deal with the crowds lines . yes , of course the prices are higher than the food court but the food is much better and it is still cheaper than the `` sit-down '' restaurant options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if cafe nordstrom existed outside of the mall , i would eat here every single day ! everything on the menu is amazing . my favorite entrees are the salads . i have never had a more difficult time choosing a salad . my favorite is the salmon salad , but they are all good ! the soups are just as tasty . the tomato bisque is out f this world and the garlic crouton it comes with is just as delicious . also , to finish it all off , if you have not had a magic bar they are a must try ! if you have n't eaten at cafe nordstrom , skip the food court and do yourself a favor and try it . you will not be disappointed , especially after a long day of shopping .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i frequent nordstrom cafe for lunch almost once a week . although the food is outstanding , the service is what keeps me loyal . each time i go , an employee named rick recognizes me and immediately takes care of me and my guests like a 5 star dining establishment . he is attentive and always remembers what we drink etc . i have never seen such a dedicated employee who clealry cares about his customers and takes the upmost pride in his job , he always makes our dining experience remarkable . i highly recomend visiting this wonderful cafe and if you are lucky , rick will be your server . he really is a gem ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter and i really enjoy eating here . we tend to order the same thing every time because it 's so good . she gets the grilled cheese and tomato soup combo and i get the grilled salmon nicoise salad . they both rock . it 's cafeteria style all the way up to the point you pay , then you are served the rest of the way by a waiter who brings you your food and takes care of you . the food is always very fresh and delicious . and by the time we 're out of there , it costs no more than eating in the food court but the experience and quality of the food are miles beyond . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had the grilled shrimp and arugula salad , again ! ! absolutely delicious ! dressing on the side for a no guilt , healthy , delicious and filling lunch or dinner . i am also taking home several desserts . magic bars , giant macaroons , peach and almond bar ( first time for this one ) and a few raspberry scones , one of which i am eating while writing this . stellar cafe and awesome waitstaff and employees . make sure to bring dollar bills so you can tip them accordingly . tipping is optional , but they do a great job of refilling your drink , getting extra napkins and anything else you ask of them . enjoy..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a standard marketplace cafe . that said , food was great and staff was excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the misfortune of spending way too much money at nordstrom 's today , but i was fortunate enough to have had an excellent sandwich here so it kinda sorta made up for it . i had the steak and portobello sandwich and it was extremely good . it was full of sliced steak , mushrooms and cheese . the bread was a chibatta i think and it went excellent with the sandwich . it was very very good and i would order it again . my wife had the caprice salad and it looked good as well . the place is nice , clean and the staff is very friendly . however , the place is a gigantic ripoff but it is what you 'd expect from a cafe in nordstrom 's . it was almost $ 30 for a sandwich , salad and a soda . i would go back though because the sandwich was that good . their other stuff looks good as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything here is great . i 've had the salads ( fav is parm crusted chicken ) . had the sandwiches and pasta also which are awesome . soup is good . have n't had the pizza cause i usually eat that at pomo , sauce or grimaldi 's . anyway , if you are in the mall this is some of the best food there cause food court is awful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is always fresh and delicious . love the nicoise salmon salad , every time i go back i ca n't help but order it . customer service is good , definitely better when not super crowded but i would recommend for sure . the desserts that i have tried here are also very tasty ! the macaroon cookie is awesome in my opinion , perfect amount of chocolate , fresh coconut and a slight crunch all the way around the cookie just making it the perfect texture in your mouth . just for the record , i 'm not big on coconut , but this cookie is so good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here a number of times and enjoyed it every time . the steak is good but the meal is made by the fresh vegetables and lime cilantro sauce . surprisingly large seating area with many menu choices . reasonably priced for what you are getting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new favorite place for lunch ! excellent healthy food at a reasonable price . the roma tomato & basil soup and the chinese chicken salad are freshly made and amongst the best i 've ever tasted !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a hole in the wall , but tasty . was on this side of town with a limited 30 minute lunch , took a coworker . the asada torta , as recommended by chris v. , is awesome and under $ 6 . would have been better with avocado , but they had n't received their shipment . add an additional meat and it 's only a dollar more . colleague opted for a quesadilla and really enjoyed it . service was polite , cards accepted , prices are low . menudo is available daily instead of limited to weekends , as at other places . if you 're hunting for homestyle mexican on a budget , this spot fits the bill .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "finally found a mexican restaurant that is great ! we came on a monday and there was only 2 women and it is a very tiny place with cheap looking menus but i was very pleased with the food . they were very friendly . we ordered bean and cheese burrito a , shredded beef nachos , beef fajitas plate , a sad a tacos and rice and beans . spent 40 bucks for all of it . the asada tacos are 1.40 a piece as well as the other meats . they brought out 3 different kinds of salads and all three were great and different . the fajitas portion was a great size and full of flavor ! ! ! ! ! the asada tacos were some of the beat i have had here in vegas , the beans were so yummy , and the nachos were so good and so cheap ! the presentation of the nachos was awesome as well . i will definitely be back to visit even though its a good 30 minutes away . and would definitely recommend this to everyone for some good mexican !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "el panzon is soliddddddd . i had a lengua taco , a pastor taco , and an asada burrito for about $ 9 bucks and i was crazzyyy full . the meats are all rich and well seasoned while the portions of rice , beans , sour cream , and cheese were so good they just made me miss california . of the mexican joints i tried in vegas , so far panzon is my favorite", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can never stop raving about this hole in the wall mexican food place . i believe it is family run . the food always has the same consistency of flavor and portion size.. if you eat there they bring you fresh chips and 2 homemade salsa 's . if your like my husband cant handle hot lol they do have a mild one i love the carne asada tacos ! ! tons of meat , cilantro , onion and sauce ! ! my husband always gets bean and cheese burritos with cilantro and onion ! ! such an amazing combination and great flavor.. give this little gem of a place a try you should n't be disappointed ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "now this is what you call mexican food ... the best tacos , tortas , fajitas & carnitas ... this is the spot to come to ... i just love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the best tacos . especially the carnitas . everything is made to order too so you 're a fool if you go somewhere where the meat has been sitting for hours . free chips and salsa even if you 're just getting a few tacos . and they offered me a free limeade which is n't on the menu yet but should be its so refreshing . i 've seen people wait hours for certain tacos when compared to this place they are lacking ... this is the legit taco shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soooo good ! ! ! ! it 's always nice to see little mexican food spots ! it 's places like these that always have close to home tasting food . came with my hubby and friends and tried the quesadilla with adobada and it was bomb ! also had the nachos with carne asada , man ! they were quite delicious ! ! ! ! def will be be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've eaten and a few mexican spots and i have to say , this is one was real good . the cook is from zacatecas and she know how to make some good comida . ca n't wait to go back and try the menudo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "felt like getting some street tacos so i yelped street tacos in found that this place was right down the street from me . i was there on a sunday at noon and when i walked in there were no customers but a few dirty tables . i walked up to the counter and ordered three street tacos and the complimentary chips and salsa . i sat down and she brought me some chips with basically water with some cilantro in it . i would rate this salsa a zero so i had low hopes for the street tacos but when they arrived , they were delicious . i ordered one chorizo , one pork and one steak taco . all three were delicious but my favorite was the chorizo . the pork was a little fatty , i would not order that one again but the steak and chorizo were yummy ! cost of the meal was under $ 7 which also included a bottle of water that i ordered . very inexpensive . i can still only rate this place a three despite the delicious street tacos because it was the worst salsa ever .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "family locally owned business , yay , love those ! ! a friend liked his burrito which was too big to finish in one meal . i can only rate on the sopes , the only thing i order there since they are so good & not easy to find around vegas . love that the owner who is the usual cook in back , will make me a special vegan order with beans , lettuce , tomatoes & avocado . traditional food , not americanized . which means the salsa is thin , not pico de gallo style , but it 's flavorful & i do n't really need to fill up on chips & salsa there anyway .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chimichangas are very good and filling ... .could n't finish it . the salsa was decent and slightly spicy . had a peach margarita ... very yummy and strong .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food . friendly staff . great prices . i do not speak spanish and have always felt comfortable there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered the carne asada and it took them 20 minutes . then the older guy behind the counter hands me my bag with the plate sideways . all my food is mixed up in the plate . great service guys . what a joke . i just took one bite of the meat and chewed it for 20 minutes . they use cheap cuts of meat that has tendon and gristle . i will be stopping by to ask for a refund . do not believe any of the positive reviews and if you do not believe me , then go for it and try the place for yourself .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was decent , regular mexican place . i had a torta , it was okay . the bread could be more fluffy or buttery tasting . i do like that they 're not just a taco shop though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my favorite part of the meal is the chips and salsa , you get 2 flavors both are super delicious . expect to wait a bit for your food sometimes i is only one person working , but always worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best tacos i 've had in vegas , traditional style . i 've been here 5 or 6 times , every time i 've been very happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best tacos around the area ! there tacos and burritos are to die for . my mouth is watering just writing this review.. reasonable price as well . come check them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being a mexican food lover i must say that tacos y tortas el panzon has given me to opportunity to try some of the most delicious and authentic mexican food in las vegas . i was very impressed by their salsas and the quality of their customer service . i will definitely recommend their food and i must say they have the best tacos in all las vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come to this place for their carne asada tacos and went there yesterday they did n't have it so i tried their pork carnitas tacos and the adobada i was pretty impressed they are both really good too ! so i 'm glad they did n't have the carne asada so it forced me to try something else", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never use them for taxes ! as i write this i have received 4 or 5 personal messages about this vendor . they are terrible and everyone else 's experience are similar to mine . my financial planner , who originally referred me to her , has even apologized to me for this due to all the negative comments he has received . if anyone anyways wants a good and honest and fairly priced please use my current accountant : david agasi , cpa , ca certified public accountant chartered accountant 16420 n. 92nd street # 218 scottsdale , arizona 85260 www.agasitax.com 480.471.5566 ( p ) 602.513.7100 ( f ) 602.697.4992 ( m )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i fully recommend and endorse the tax goddess and her staff . they put together a comprehensive plan for our taxes , adhered to the timeline , were available to answer any questions , and put a plan in place moving forward to help my family and business with taxes . thank you for all your hard work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using tax goddess for many years for both personal and business tax preparation and planning . i am always impressed with the professionalism and knowledge of tax laws by every staff member i have worked with . questions are answered within 24 hours ( almost always within a few hours ) . i highly recommend shauna and tax goddess as i have been very pleased with their service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tax goddess is an outstanding business . i have the pleasure of working with shauna ( the tax goddess ) and she is friendly yet professional and very knowledgeable of her field .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shauna is great ! i 've attended some of her free tax classes she offers the public and it 's evident she knows what she 's talking about . if you get the opportunity to attend one of her classes , go ! she is very engaging and the classes are very informative and not boring at all . shauna has a clear passion for taxes ( is that even possible ? lol ) and she really seems to enjoy finding ways to save her clients money . she is very well versed and knows a lot of obscure loopholes in the tax system . i learned things about write-offs ( as a business owner myself ) that i never knew and was never educated on by my previous tax person . i 've also been to a client appreciate party she threw and it was a freakin ' blast . shauna really gives back to her clients . : ) not kidding , she 's literally a genius in taxes . thanks , shauna ! : ) : ) : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bottom line : shauna and her team take good care of me . i do n't spend any time trying to keep up on the tax code changes because shauna and her team do that for me . it 's like i 've got my own cfo.at the end of the year , i hand her my records in a gawd-aweful mess and her staff accepts them without comment or complaint . i 'm not just 'getting my taxes prepared ' . i 've got someone in my corner who is looking out for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently used the tax goddess to train my business manager and me on quickbooks . shauna 's head bookkeeper , tina wahl , did an excellent job of customizing the content to meet our needs . i continue to be delighted by this organization and their ability to come alongside the small business owner . thank you tax goddess ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to the tax goddess from a family member . horrible experience , just horrible . i prepared all the data for the tax goddess and staff , tallied all records the only thing they had to do was data entry into the program that they use . i never in my wildest dreams expected a maximum of an hour of data entry would cost us over $ 700.00 . just a sin", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here for an oil change , going off my sticker from a different car service spot , thinking i was overdue . the amazing anthony notified me that i am not in need of an oil change just yet ... wow ! won me over with your honesty , jl scottsdale . making you my new regular oil change place . you saved me lots of money and time today .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poor customer service . our tech barely told us anything when we dropped the car off to him , except that the `` service manager will be right with us '' . `` right with us '' turned in to 1 2 hour wait without having anyone even say one word to us . i watched 3 techs work on one car and another sit in the lobby on his phone . jiffy lube is supposed to be quick and this was anything but . we finally `` interrupted '' the guy on his phone to ask if since they had n't even started on my car , if we could just take it and come back later ( i had to work soon ) . all of a sudden , there was a rush to get me done . and we still suffered the poor customer service from the service manager that rushed through his apologies while answering the phone multiple times & cutting our conversation short . next time , i 'll make the appointment at the dealership .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they got the job done without pushing the up-sell too much . they thoroughly inspect just about everything - air pressure , water , hoses , filters , wipers , tires , etc ... one air filter and a synthetic oil ran me about $ 120 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have no complaints except my oil change waq $ 77 . service was fine . last time i went it was closer to $ 50 . you can go to fletchers for 25 $ . just saying . will not go back without a big coupon . chapman does express lube for $ 25 right down the street .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'd give them more stars because they are nice and all ... but i just pulled my car out of the lot , with nothing done to my car , because they tried to charge me $ 75 for an oil change ( no tire rotation , no alignment , nada ) . $ 75 ! ! ? ? they said they did n't have my oil filter in stock so they had to charge me $ 7 for going to pick it up at another shop . `` ok fine '' . then , since my car takes `` fully synthetic '' oil - it 's about $ 5 more per quart ( $ 25 extra for this type of super-awesome oil apparently ) . i was expecting to pay $ 25-30 for an oil change . i highly doubt that any other place would charge as much as they wanted . and to those who can pay that , more power to you . i 'll stick to going to my car dealer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you want to get cheated out of $ 30-50 you 've come to the right place . got my car `` serviced '' here the other day . focus was on my tpms light ( tire pressure ) and an oil change . figured with a little bit of air my sensor would turn off on the dash . was assured the tires were filled to standard levels . sensor still did n't turn off . was told it needed to `` recalibrate '' and to drive down the street a bit . smelled fishy so drove to my trusted hyundai dealership down the road . should have just gone there in the first place , but i was far away from it at the moment . although jiffy lube assured me the tires were filled to 34 psi , turns out they were all under 27 when the hyundai dealership checked them ! amazingly the tire light went off immediately and has stayed off . stay away from this place . scripted , fast-speaking technicians and the stereotypical `` quick and easy '' oil change place . last time i ever go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will never go back to this jiffy lube again ! they charged me $ 40 for an oil change , and they did n't even tell me the price until after they had already changed it . after my oil change they told me that typically they top off transmission oil for free , but mine was so low that they would have to charge me if i wanted it done . i decided to not have them do it and took it to auto zone . the guy at auto zone checked the transmission oil level and told me the level was perfect and did n't understand why the guy at jiffy lube said that . all in all , this place of business is not trust worthy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the guys did a great job - we were in and out quickly , the staff ( nick ) was very professional and made sure we new about the status of the car without trying to 'sell ' us additional services . the earlier reviews led us here and we were impressed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for an oil change and was in and out in 15 minutes . it 's was super fast and all the employees were friendly and very knowledgeable . i would recommend this place to my mother", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome staff with great integrity . robert , the manager , actually told me i was n't ready for an oil change and told me i had 1,000 miles to go and encouraged me to come back for the service when the car was ready for it . i was so impressed with his honesty that i decided to get the service early just so i could give him my business . i 'm not a big `` yelper '' but i felt compelled to post this review to share my experience . keep up the good work robert and the jiffy lube staff . you have earned a repeat customer today .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today was my second time in a row coming here to get an oil change , and i 'll continue to come here from now . amazing customer service , anthony is who has helped me both times and he 's so nice and helpful ... you can tell he 's honest too , which i feel is hard to find in the `` auto care '' world especially when you 're a woman ( they are always trying to talk you into anything ) . he always has a smile and talks through everything with you , giving you options.. not just offering the most expensive . he will show you the computer screen with prices and different options . i would recommend this place to anyone , they have definitely earned my continuous oil changes from now on ! id rather go here than the actual chevy dealership any day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would have given this place less than one star if i could . went to get a standard oil change . they tried to cross sell me with 10 other completely unnecessary `` recommendations . '' when i told them all i wanted was the oil change the service guy almost became upset with me . to top it off they then try to charge me $ 75 for the oil change itself . i was furious and demanded the so called manager to lower the price . after about a 20 minute argument he then offers me $ 25 off the total and $ 10 off the next visit . do not go here horrible service and price", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went back for the full job . courteous , reasonably timely , let me know what had to be done at the dealer , did n't try to oversell anything ... what can i say ? they must have installed a new management since the prior reviews .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was average . i got the signature oil change service that was supposed to come with an interior vacuuming and window wash but they never did it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent service . respectful . honest . do n't push an upsell on products . in and out . very satisfied !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service . courteous service techs . very thorough . i highly recommend their service . they even vacuum the inside for you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place knows customer service and with jeff at the front desk ! the information about your car ! this is how i make my money driving this car , so it needs to be spot on ! after a trip in & out from jiffy lube i was . thank you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome customer service ! this was definitely one of the better experiences i 've had when it comes to car maintenance . very professional and friendly staff , especially nick who made sure to check in with me and keep me updated the entire time . would definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank god i found this place ! robert was very nice ( a woman getting her oil changed is often treated like she 's stupid ) . he even showed me the air filter and demonstrated how to tell when a new one is needed . that 's right , did n't try to sell me one ! i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hate having my car serviced . i always feel like they 're going sell more then needed . yet , i ca n't begin to say how awesome these guys are ... maybe a little too awesome ... . they are all very , very nice which is great and yeah i had a few extra things done like replacing my wipers but i was on my way up north and in case there was snow or rain i did n't want to take any chances . they let me use a coupon and did some other really nice things to help me out . i came in for an oil change and left spending a bit more then planned but i left satisfied . great job guys ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an oil change is $ 75 here . i did not feel comfortable here . very slimy salesmen that were n't interested in working on my vehicle and would continually `` forget '' my requests . i had a much better experience at the nearby lightning lube in scottsdale which i felt like i could trust with my car , was only $ 35 , and was just as fast .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love their service here..i 've never had a bad experience and they are always so helpful ! nick was my savior today !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i learned days later i was leaking something in my garage where i previously had no leaks . i took the car back . asked them to recheck it. `` it was n't us '' was pretty much their answer ... ..oh and `` i can bring the car into any jiffy lube as often as i want to have my fluids checked '' super ! it was n't leaking before now it is , fix it . they suggested i take it to the neighboring mechanic who just happened to e walking by and waved as i got his business card . run the other way", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was the best experience i 've had with an oil change ! all they guys were super nice and the best part was i was in and out in 20 minutes ! i will definitely be using this location from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was prompt , efficient and friendly . all work service and recommendations were explain fully without pressure . my technician even gave me a heads up on a coupon code i could get by searching the internet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there yesterday they were very busy , but they got my car done really fast . all the staff was friendly and nice . i would recommend this place to my friends . they even took the time to get a dime that fell in my seat belt lock at no extra charge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the employees at this locations are very knowledgeable and courteous . kevin and robert are very friendly and willing to help in any way !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a thing for cafes . and coffee . i 'm like lorelai `` only with my oxygen '' gilmore . i do home brewed , i do drive-thru , i do the sit-down thing . but it 's only once in awhile that i find a coffee house where i actually want to sit and read , stare into space , and contemplate life while drinking my coffee . this is one of those places ! i love the decor and how it 's spacious while still feeling cozy . and their mocha was delicious . i 'm not out that way very often , but if you are , stop in and enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coffee is always good ! we 're never disappointed . tonight because of this icky cleveland weather , we decided to get some hot cocoa . so we ordered the mexicocoa i believe it was called . omg ! so tasty , my husband drank his before we got to the car . it really was an awesome drink . we always like to try different things and to be honest , when it comes to coffee , i 'm picky . but , this place always has something new and exciting to try . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a good feeling phoenix . if you read study at coffee shops you know what i mean . they have to have good enough lighting , good enough music , and good enough coffee . the lee road phoenix has all three in spades . the dark roast coffee is always sublime , the atmosphere is perfect , and the music is like sitting around with bob boilen . the seating is kinda limited for tables ( as are all phoenix locations come to think of it.. ) but you will survive . this one has the most of any other ones . just a good place to do some work and veg out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "phoenix is pretty much the only place i get coffee anymore . i adore the new look , it 's clean and comfortable . i find it a great place to work because it 's bright , streamlined , and modern in a cozy sort of way . i love the baristas , and the coffee is great . there are tons of outlets , wifi , and really yummy snacks ( like the gruyere and bacon croissants ) . if i were n't trying to save money , i would probably be there every morning for a croissant , coffee , and work time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a coffeehouse , not much to say there . plenty of tables , both low and bar-style . it also has some pretty darn good panini sandwiches . the three-cheese and the dijon chicken sandwiches are superbly satisfying ! the plus : it has free wireless internet access .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am a big cappuccino fan so i went in to try out a cup of cappuccino . the cashier and staff were really friendly and got my cappuccino out quickly . it just did not live up to hype unfortunately . but i really did like the ambience and the free wifi . i had to work and make some calls for work and i was able to get them done . i got hungry after a while so i ordered the open face veggie sandwich . it took them a while , i had to go back and remind them . i made a mistake of mentioning the wrong sandwich name and it took a while for them to realize it and get it for me . it was okay ! overall it is a decent place to grab coffee and stay long . for tuesday morning there was a ton of people even at 9.30am ( after morning rush ) . do check it out - you may love it ? : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "phoenix is local and all around wonderful , really . they recently started carrying almond milk , and they have several gluten free baked goods as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coffee , great baristas . quieter than the phoenix on coventry . more seating . dogs allowed if they are quiet and friendly . joe foley approved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my neighborhood caf\u00e9 and i 'm mostly pleased with it . little things that annoy me are the archaic power strips but that is minor . the barristas are typically very friendly and helpful . the food selection has dipped slightly downward due to the deletion of their full menu . there are usually pretty interesting people ( also hipsters sigh ) and the poetry night is a must see .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't drink coffee , but i love phoenix . the atmosphere is welcoming , the baristas and friendly and helpful , and the selection of teas is huge and awesome . i meet friends at phoenix all the time - it 's a great place for a meeting with a friend or a group . best cafe around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still my favorite coffee shop after so many good places that i tried both in new york and in cleveland . great coffee , nice staff , delicious pastry and more importantly -- such a comfortable environment to stay for studying , reading or simply relaxing ... miss this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local coffee shop . beans are freshly roasted and pour over available . if you home brew this is a great option to get your coffee . staff has been quite helpful with getting the most out of the beans you buy and there is a lot of variety .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "phoenix is by far my favorite coffee shop in cleveland . there are four locations . all of the locations offer vegan alternatives using soy or almond milk . most locations also carry vegan treats as well ! the baristas know what they are doing , and most have perfected latte art ! a simply perfect pick me up ! phoenix will always make my top 10 vegan-friendly places in cleveland . http : veganhostess.com vegan-cleveland-restaurants-coffee-shops-more", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phoenix is a great coffee shop . i like this space they are in . it is a nice size . the espresso was well made and served with a glass of sparkling water . i also had a cup of pour over . it was fantastic . they had a nice selection of coffee varieties to choose from . the staff were friendly and seemed to have a strong interest in making great coffee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exactly what you 're looking for in a coffee shop . baristas have a good sense of humor and service , everything is reasonably priced , and there is free wi-fi with plenty of outlets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "review on toddy ( cold brew ) and columbian pour over . the cold brew aka toddy was a mix of different beans that produced a slightly bitter after taste . i , personally , after trying different great cold brews around the us and the world , did not like their cold brew , but thats just me . i believe that when you have a comparison that you have better judgment and this cold brew when compared to other great cold brews was not very good . a great cold brew does not require sugar or milk added . you can taste different notes that produce a smooth bitterless taste . the columbian pour over was decent when compared to a place like , lets say , starbucks . i 'm not trying to be harsh , although the pour over was bland . this might be because the water to grind ratio might have been diluted . other than that , their morning muffin was really good and the atmosphere is nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice friendly place with lots of beverage choices and delicious sides .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have n't been to this location in 4 years . it was nice to see it redone and all grown up into a legitimate coffee space . i remember when it was super cramped and very rag tag . now it is sleek , clean , modern and spacious . there are 2 ( ? ) seats on the sidewalk out front . courteous counter service and a latte that was pretty good but not as good as rising star . take advantage of the free 15 minutes on the parking meters out front .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is good . overall quiet . not much chatter and the temperate is fairly warm . so overall if you need a place to chill or study this shop could suite your fancy well . however , if you 're interested in a good tasting drink ... this may not be the place for you . baristas are subpar and the quality of their products are too . giving specific instructions does n't help . i ordered a pumpkin spice latte that honestly taste like sweet shit . granted i 've never , nor do i intend to ever try feces but ... . it has no overall flavor . it appeared as if the barista threw hot milk and pumpkin spice in a cup . my friend ordered a lightly toasted bagel and received a burnt roll . wow ! if it were n't for the space itself this review would be 2 stars , hands down .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a nice area , lots of trees , as you might expect . it 's very accessible from downtown madison by car or bike , and it 's a great resource . we biked all through it , a couple of miles , on a combination of a path and the road . there are bike racks at appropriate points . there 's also canoe and kayak rental ( and they have a couple of huge swan paddleboats ! ) for about $ 20 hour . i have n't been into the zoo , but it looks like a pretty small , local affair aimed mostly at very small children , as evidenced by the people we saw going in and out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "madison is n't a big city by any stretch of the imagination , however it 's a city surrounded by suburbs nonetheless . the uw arb is a pleasant sanctuary from the concrete of the capitol square and the suburban sprawl . winter is my favorite time to visit the landscape can be striking and you 'll often have the trails to yourself !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "be still , my heart . the arb is by far one of the most beautiful places in madison to walk , run , bike , hike , photograph , bird ( that 's a verb ) , ski , research or just chill . i 'm working my way up to doing all of these and becoming an arboretum black belt ! last sunday we biked through the arboretum as part of bike & brunch and holy fall colors . fall is my favorite time to peep the enormous range of gorgeous trees in the area . the multitude of colors in this southern wisconsin forest is a sight to see ! do i sound like a tourism catalogue yet ? be sure to check out the trails ( http : uwarboretum.org about arb_map.pdf ) and the visitor center for exhibits , cool research they 're doing ( right now they 're researching wild turkey in the area ) , and tips on the best places to wander .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great arboretum ! recommend a visit in may to see all the trees in bloom . the air smelled like lilacs and cherry blossoms and the tree flowers were beautiful . lots of neat places to hike around in nature and look for birds and other creatures . very nice visitor center . free .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe after all the years i 've lived in madison ... that i just made my first visit here . we went last sunday when the weather was beautiful , and besides the parking nightmare , it was glorious . apparently everyone wanted to spend their beautiful day at the beautiful park ! : ) even though it was busy , it still felt very special walking around and the place is so big that it does not feel crowded . everything was blooming and the aroma of the lilacs was just incredible ! our daughter loved the colorful trees and it was nice to walk around with her for a while , and then just find a place to sit down and let her explore . i will definitely be heading back there , and probably just making an earlier go of it next time to avoid a little bit of the chaos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite spots in madison ! you know you are in the city but it feels like you are out in the countryside . a treasure having this wonderful arboretum in the middle of madison . i go there often to just relax and take some time off from the routine and since spending so much time there i got to know some of the staff and became a volunteer . i participate in all kind of activities , of my favorites is the native plants sale , happening every year around mid may . this event is amazing . make sure to be there early as plants sell out fast . if i would have to name one negative point of the arboretum it would be that no dogs are allowed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see a lot of potential for this place during the summer months . unfortunately , we came in november so everything was gloomy and not as green . even so , there was a lot of nice areas where we could sit and relax . not to mention , there were so many wonderful paths for biking , running , and hiking . what a great park in a great city .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really amazing outdoor space , but it 's basically out of commission from november to april ( madison winter ) . so you want to go on a clear day when you can see a lot of stuff . it gets me in the `` zen '' each time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great escape into nature . nice leisurely walk thru trees and flowers in spring . many hiking trails .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful nature preserve that 's excellent for hiking or biking . very educational visitors ' center as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do you like walks ? do you like pretty scenery ? how about trees ... do you like trees ? well then this is the place for you ! go for a long , long , long walk surrounded by pretty , pretty , pretty scenery - and trees !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was awesome . i cant imagine what it 's like in the summer with all the blooms . i went in the autumn and explored the various trees and forests . great place to bring your fancy camera and have at it . i met some friendly fellow hikers as well , nice community area . one guy let his dog run free to chase the turkeys..dogs arent allowed..so that wasnt too cool . poor turkeys , it 's not thanksgiving yet : ( would absolutely return , especially in the springtime to view all the lilac species !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in with a group of 4 all first timers . signed in and saw many empty seats so the ladies proceeded to sit down . a rude employee came over and started telling us that it 's not appropriate to seat ourselves . this place has no host , is quite small , and no waiting area . i saw the sign-in book and signed us in but the others may naturally walked to all the open seats . the place only had a few people . it was all very odd and made everyone quite uncomfortable to be lectured life that after just walking in to a new restaurant . . we just turned and left . just because you have good reviews does n't give you the right to belittle your potential customers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "jo koy 's restaurant ! it is located about 25 minutes from the strip , about an $ 18 uber ride . definitely worth it ! if you like shabu shabu , this is your place ! customer service was off ... our server was friendly & bubbly but she kept on messing up our orders , forgetting to bring us what we asked for , just a mess ! but the food , man the food , was worth dealing with it . yojie 's cut : a must order ! phenomenal cut of beef ! kobe beef : delicious & tender ! sukiyaki ( side of egg for dipping ) : a sweet & savory broth ! so darn tasty ! i have been to several shabu shabus & this is by far the best dips ! what is unique is the egg . they crack open an egg , scramble it , & after you cook your meat in the dip , you dip it again in this raw egg scramble . amazing ! raindrop : okay ... do not order this . it literally tastes like nothing . imagine water as a jello , bingo !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is pretty great . the food quality and service offered here was pretty good , they also offer a pretty large variety on protein . however , i was a little sad that they did n't offer lamb . out of all the shabu places i been to , this is the only one where they offer the ( raw ) pasteurized egg as a dipping sauce . i personally did n't order the sauce but i was able to try it from my friend and it was pretty delicious . i constantly saw the waitresses checking up on customers and even helping them out in terms of cooking their food . i personally did n't get that much attention , but i 'm indifferent about that because i shabu a lot and i just do my own thing . just a minor complaint ( and i 'm sure it was pure accident ) was that they turned off my stove before i was even done cooking eating . overall i really enjoyed this place and would definitely come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to at least 15 shabu restaurants and this is one of the best . the quality of the meat is very high and the soup made at the end was one of the best i have ever had . the amount of vegetables provided was less than average but they were fresh . great choice for lv", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good spot to eat hot pot . totally worth it to come during lunch hours . meat are sliced freshly by the order . the staff is friendly and does a great job of explaining how to eat shabu shabu", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was excellent ! ! i forgot the name of the guy and girl serving us but they were on point and so friendly ; they asked us if we had shabu before , explained everything and was quick to our requests and needs . i got a regular kombu broth with a small serving of the beef which was perfect . i loved how they gave you a jug of water and soup base so you can use as much as you want without bugging them every 2 minutes . only downside was that my brown rice was super mushy but i did n't mind at all . eating shabu after a long weekend is vegas is perfection : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried this place tonight and it was so good ! everything was delicious . the sukiyaki + egg dipping sauce ... . perfect & everything i hoped it be ! our waiter carl have amazing service , suggestions , and was an awesome help ! overall , great exeperience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 5 food 5 5 service yojie serves some of the freshest cuts of meat i have ever had . i had the angus and the salmon , and the salmon was so fresh it could be eaten raw ! the ponzu sauce was good with everything . service was good too , it was my first time here and the server was very helpful in every part of the whole visit ! do n't be afraid to ask for questions if it 's your first time ! overall , i really like this place , it has a modern and calm ambiance . will be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was n't too excited to try this place but was pleased with my experience . my dad and grandma were first timers shabu shabu and the staff kindly explained the menu along with a demo once the food arrived . shabu shabu is japanese hot pot where thinly sliced proteins are dipped into a boiling pot of broth . their choices of broth included spicy miso , sukiyaki , tonkatsu or traditional shabu shabu . the dipping sauces were on point : goma ( sesame base ) , ponzu ( citrus soy ) , and swisher ( like teriyaki ) , each mixed with green onions , chili powder , and daikon . their brown rice is good and also refillable , along with the hot pot of broth . i would definitely come back and maybe try their sukiyaki broth which is served with a raw egg on the side to dip the meat in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to vegas a couple weeks ago so i just had to go pay yojie a visit . i love jo koy so obviously i 'd check out his restaurant . did n't realize it was so far from the strip , but nevertheless still worth the drive . this place is in a small outdoor shopping complex with plenty of parking which is always a plus ! the restaurant itself is cozy and modern . the staff was very friendly and patient seeing as it was our first time there . food was pretty good but i wish the veggies were cut into smaller pieces . prices were reasonable and comparable to other shabu-shabu restaurants . it was a great change in scenery to the usual strip buffets and bars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here a few days ago and i was n't impressed . there was nothing special about the atmosphere nor the food . i sat in the back of the restaurant and it was poorly lit since they depended on the natural sunlight to come in . i ordered the yojie cut with sukiyaki broth . i was charged $ 2 extra for this soup which was misleading because i thought the egg was what tagged on the additional dollars and i did n't want the egg . since i live on the opposite side of town , i would rather go to a shabu shabu restaurant in chinatown , which is much closer to me , and i get the same food . the pots of broth are just sitting on the shelf , and to me that sounds like an opportunity for bacteria to grow throughout the day since it 's not refrigerated . the service was n't that great either . i think the waitress i had was new since she seemed inexperienced . i also saw her taking selfies behind the register which is very unprofessional .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sooo happy yojie is in vegas ! i love hot pot and have n't been satisfied with any of the hot pot places in vegas so far ; ( yojie 's meat is very tasty and their sauces are great ! i love the sukiyaki broth ! i will keep coming to this place and no longer crave the hot pot places in hawaii so much lol !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome customer service . staff is very friendly , accommodating , and bubbly . our server , carl , was nice enough to to give us a crash course on the `` how to '' with shabu shabu since it was our first time . will definitely recommend this place to family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good shabu shabu in vegas . carl is a cool dude .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic experience ! our servers made our visit extremely enjoyable . the cuts are great , the attention to detail is great , the attitude is great , the atmosphere is great ! can definitely see a bright future for this branch ! count me addicted ! love how they make your leftovers into an udon soup for you to take home", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome spot , when we herd it was opened up by a comedian we thought it was just going to be hype ... we were absolutely wrong . everything from apps to dessert was fantastic ! we actually had jo koy bussing our table and cracking jokes and selfies ! ! this place is packed so make sure to get there asap ! will absolutely go back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kids picked the spot for father 's day dinner . .and was a perfect spot ! food was delicious and the experience was top notch . nice spot with comforting atmosphere . jocoy ( one of my favorite comedian ) is one of the owners .. very nice guy and even gave us copies of his dvd . this eatery is a must go ! original paintings and photos fit the ambiance of the whole setting.. will be returning .. thank you carl ( our server ) and jocoy and antwan ! ! this place is great ! ! best of luck !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so good that i had to `` try '' this place two nights in a row . the quality of the meats is where it 's at . both times i had the geisha sized yojie cut which was the perfect amount of food , although i could probably eat more if famished . it was an especially hot humid vegas night , which made the fully packed restaurant pretty hot . would be cool to try this place during winter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anton and his crew always go above and beyond ... customer service is excellent . food always hits the spot ! i 've had the yojie cut and pork belly ... ca n't wait to try the others . the green tea fondue is heaven . i 've been there three times and looking forward to the next one real soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food and amazing service . i always get spicy miso with pork belly . my favorite place to eat . i think i 've eaten there a million times already . lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were nearby and this was highly rated by yelp so we took the plunge . the place is decorated very modern and sleek . we ordered the pork and beef shabu shabu and it did not disappoint . food was fresh and delicious . service was good but it could have been better . definitely would go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great japanese shabu shabu place , my family loved going to this place . ordered yojies cut sumo style , lots of veggies and meat , and has great sauces on the sides", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was ok ... sauces needed more flavors ( the white sesame one is way too loose ) the servers and their friends just full around , making loud noise and did n't pay attention to the customers . i was standing in the front waiting to be seat for a real good minutes . a little bit too pricy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i got addicted to shabu shabu and sukiyaki while being stationed in japan ... and this place is the perfect spot to cure our withdrawals ! ! not only is the food absolutely amazing but the staff is incredible as well . after meeting the bright , kind , and impressive co-owner jo koy we are fans for life . so glad it 's in vegas because this place is awesome in every way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im a fat white american and never had japanese food before and i loved this place ! ! great food , great service . in the middle of our meal the owner jo koy walked in and is the nicest man alive ! they play anime on the tvs which is a great touch , my wife loved it . there are usb outlets under the tables so you can charge your phones while you eat . super clean great restrooms . pay this place a visit on your vegas trip fo sho !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is seriously amazing ! my kids and i absolutely love it . my kids who are 9 years old say that it is their most favorite restaurant . they love it not only for the unique dining experience , but also for one of incredible owners anton and his wonderful staff . anton , shannon and hannah are so awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! it 's always such a blast to have dinner there . everyone there goes out of their way to make sure that every customer is happy . the food is scrumptious , fresh , healthy and can please just about anyone 's palate . we love the shabu shabu cooking style and it 's so awesome that once you 're done with your meat or seafood entr\u00e9e you have a delicious flavorful soup to enjoy . my girls say that they want to have every birthday dinner there . every time they have a playdate or sleepover they beg me to take them there and i am always happy to oblige . we all ca n't wait for our next meal there ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to eat at ! the food comes out quick and its fresh ! a very fun experience to enjoy your food . i do not recommend coming in with a large party because the set up is like a bar . all the workers are great with awesome customer service ! i would come back here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh and amazing flavors great ambiance love the sauces and the kobe beef shabu shabu i believe is japanese fondue but 10 times better for you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never had shabu shabu before & this place was the best . i usually go to the mexican restaurant next door but my aunt & i decided to try something different . cute little place w amazing good . prices are reasonable , you get a good amount of food . will come here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . from start to finish hands down great quality food , great customer services , and a very clean environment . the restaurant setup is different and might be hard for a group events but i like it . i have been to a few of the locations in cali . it 's unbelievable how the quality grows with the business . food ... i always go with the beef and salmon mixed with the spicy miso . if i had to choose 1 it would be the kobe beef for sure . make sure to get your sauces mixed and save room for dessert . i highly suggest the fruit and pastry fondue green tea with white chocolate . i will be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been a long time since i had shabu shabu in japan , so i read that this place was good so i decided to drive clear across town to check it out . the server was both knowledgeable and helpful . i ordered the medium sized house specialty beef ... .it was plenty for me and i am a big eater . i also order the medium spicy broth ... it was ok ... next time i think i will go with the sukiyaki for a change . i want by myself , it would have been more fun with a group i think . the meal comes with assorted raw veggies and noodles to make soup at the end . also comes with rice . the cost was around $ 22 for lunch . i will come back for another round ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this an awesome place . the employees here are all very nice and attentative . they also explain how the whole process works if your a newbie . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a cool urban modern place to eat . jo koy is the co-owner of this place and my favorite comedian . he served us our dessert and started eating it which was pretty hilarious and i let him . but overall rating for this place is 9 out of 10 . just a little pricey but definitely a go to place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time and it was so good ! ! ! thank you val ! her service was on point & i always checked on us if we needed anything . a must try on the green tea white chocolate fondue !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the shabu shabu here , and the beef is really good . the only thing i do n't like it 's their rice . i think they should use japanese rice instead .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm so glad that i finally tried this out after reviewing on yelp for a while . i came in for dinner and got the yojie cut with a side of pasteurized egg . the server explained everything to me in detail and mixed mg sauces for me as well . i splurged for the tonkatsu flavored broth and dipping sauce since that 's what i order with ramen . he explained to me how to cook my food and dip it in my sauce . everything was really flavorful . ca n't wait to bring my bf here to try it with me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1 star is too high for this place . stale buns , bathroom is filthy , employee 's hands moves from cash to cheese curds without a wash , friend had to wait 20+ minutes for a burger . these are facts . no wonder they got written up in a `` top 10 filthiest places in montreal '' newspaper article a few years ago .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first of all , la belle pro , anywhere has never left me disenchanted . this location left me with a whole new perspective . i suppose business is n't brisk if you are using stale buns for your hot dogs . the fries were n't cooked enough either ... . and the 7 up from the fountain was watery . the icing on the cake was the fact that their employee goes from cash to food without washing . the best though is how they hide the napkins . i had to request several times for napkins . their napkin allocation is meagre , and i am assuming that the owners watch whats meted out . i will be a whole lot more careful next time i find myself famished . so be warned , this location is dirty and ca n't even succeed with simple steamies and fries .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good sandwich shop . my first taste of poutine and i love it ! next trip a smoked meat sandwich with my poutine . i can feel my belly grumbling now .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "unimpressed by this place . average food , facilities and dining area could be cleaner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my stepson was craving hot dogs while we were at the mall but instead of getting them from double pizza , i said let 's just go to la belle since we were right there . we left the mall , got to the resto and it has been shut down ! i had no idea . it has always looked like a rundown place and there were n't any signs that we saw so ... surprise ! ! ! oh well . another time and another location . i have no idea if it 's just being renovated or not but it looks like it wo n't be opening there again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "he did our family and baby photos . has great ideas and pictures were beautiful ! i have seen pictures from other sessions of his and they as well are very nicely done . he has a great awareness of light source and is always adjusting so that every shot is a potential keeper .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i worked with harold to take my family pics . he is so nice to work with . he has a passion for photography and really is a pro . his pictures are warm and romantic . we are lucky to have harold in illinois ! : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "harold photographed our wedding last year in charleston . we could n't have had a better experience ! he was able to capture great candid shots along with posed family portraits . i would highly recommend him for your wedding or portraits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking for a breakfast spot in pittsburgh without a huge wait we stumbled upon this little place . no huge line outside , and a few tables open when we walked in . got a great cup of coffee to start out and some wonderful warm bread . ordered the fritata . it was so good . the hot sausage was delicious with the peppers and egg . this is a great little spot right on penn ave , not getting much play . i 'm almost sorry for telling people about it . if you go get the fritata !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a cute and cozy little cafe in the strip . among other tasty homemade dishes ( it 's italian focused ) , they also serve a small breakfast menu all day , making it a nice alternative to pamela 's and de luca 's . cash only !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this closet sized `` eatery '' clearly defines mediocrity . on a busy strip district afternoon ( day before easter ) , this place was packed with patrons `` dining '' on overpriced dry omelets , limp and soggy salads and vinegar flavored ice tea . the bread was nicely stale , the little butter packets spoiled to a crusty yellow , and the dirty cutlery were the perfect accoutrements to a morning nightmare . a terrible terrible terrible place . you 'd be better sustained with an egga-muffin a short walk down the street ( and you 'd not have paid $ 50.00 for two omelets , two teas , a wedding soup headed for divorce litigation , and a salad most rabbits would disdain ) . horrid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were forgotten in the corner table and the breakfast food was just average . maybe we 'll try out their lunch dinner options sometime .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great little place on the strip . we came here for breakfast ( sadly they were out of the orange juice ) but i had the french toast and a side of bacon , which were both excellent . i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "crowded little italian place on the strip . great food , friendly - family like waitstaff . reasonably priced food with breakfast served all day . i highly recommend the dad 's something or other . three eggs , spicy italian sausage , peppers , etc . man , was it good . the hand squeezed lemonade was great too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here is good . watch the specials , they often have free wine with an entree but wo n't tell you about it unless you ask . i have been here several times and had the worst service ever from the older woman with bleached blonde hair and too tight sweatsuits . she is rude and does n't care to check on tables as much as she seems to care about hassling the other waitresses about doing their jobs . terrible service if you get her !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my grilled chicken salad was good ! i asked for it without the iceberg lettuce . it was like they took the chicken right off the grill . the mushrooms were a bit bland and not flavorful though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "long wait , poor service and average food at best really took the wind out of what had been a fun morning at the strip . will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my friends and i ducked in here for a coffee and a sweet while we were walking around the strip , and they seemed to be out of most things we asked for . service was n't terrible or particularly outstanding either . decor unremarkable , regular food looked okay . i just felt rather `` meh '' about the whole experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really mediocre food . the frittata was indistinguishable from the omelet , service was slow , and ultimately everything was overpriced given the run of the mill quality . the coffee was definitely the highlight , but i would go to la prima , pamela 's , or de luca 's for brunch instead any day of the week . let it be said that the staff was polite and friendly , but that did not make up for the food itself .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have eaten here twice and the food was just terrific . the omelet , frittata , french toast were great . they have nearly perfect bacon and the coffee was refreshingly delicious . my boyfriend had the pepperoni pizza and it was so yummy , too . it 's a small place , easy to miss , but a pity if you do ! try it ! you 'll be hooked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came for lunch with my husband a few months ago and was very disappointed . our food was not seasoned , very bland and not tasty at all . i also asked for an iced latte for which i got an iced coffee , not the same thing . service was n't great either . they did n't have a lot of the items on their menu . we were one of the only 2 customers and it was still slow . the restaurant was quite dirty as well . i was hoping for a nice quaint cafe but was definitely not the experience i got . overall unfortunately , not good quality or taste . wo n't be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had breakfast this morning here . we waited 45 minutes for our breakfasts . unfortunately , the servers were less than attentive and we waited almost 30 minutes for a refill of our coffee . the food was good but the negative experience of the extreme delay and little concern for us while waiting is all i can remember . we will not go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst service in pittsburgh . and we love pittsburgh ! the waitress ' attempt to apologize was really a bunch of excuses .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was amazing ! the chicken parmesan was flavorful and full of life . the sauce was so good ! the margarita pizza was one of the best i have ever had ! i would recommend coming down here if you have a chance to . the waitresses were nice and pleasant . the tiramisu was excellent and sweet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am rewriting my review of this place and dropping them down a couple of notches ( previously 5 stars ) do to the recent experiences at this place . the food is usually good however the service leaves something to be desired . we went with a family that had children and it was very obvious we were n't welcome . service was slow , orders were messed up and it took us forever to get the attention of the server so we could get our check . do n't go in here if you have kids or a large group . the manager should do a better job of making sure everyone leaves happy . seems like they are not training the serving staff very well . stopped with several people again today march 2014 . not much has changed . service definitely a big minus . brought wrong orders , kept asking what we ordered , waited a long time for refills etc .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a great , leisurely lunch there , al fresco . one of our favorite places and always eat there when in the strip district . excellent wedding soup . eggplant dishes are superb . in fact , the entire menu is superb . have never had a clunker . the service is fast and friendly . it is a family affair and the folk there really do care about their diners . the daily specials are always tempting . the portions are generous , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great little spot that wo n't cost you an hour wait like some of the other breakfast places near the strip . we had the french toast ( made with their thick home style bread ) and feta spinach omelette . both were tasty and the waitstaff was quick . they may not have been warm and fuzzy , but it was a busy sunday morning around us . great atmosphere . would definitely go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "conducted a two person lunch meeting for the first time @ cafe on the strip and i found this operation to be first rate , great service , great atmosphere in capturing the mood of the strip district . i recommend the antipasti salad and the grilled chicken salad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cozy and delicious . homey atmosphere with the lit fireplace . entrees were fresh and prices were very reasonable . i 'd definitely go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place is a nice little local place . but i ordered stuffed french toast and it was tooooo sweet and stuffing was invisible . so little you could not feel anything and it was too much sweet syrup . i mean they could put it on the side but instead it was purred all over plate and everything ( including sausage , bacon & fruits ) were sweeeet . my hobby got eggs benedict which was ok but not top the notch .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good food . enjoyed brunch with my girlfriend on a sunday . we had the french toast and eggs benedict . both delicious . it was busy but we got a table within 10 min . worth the wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the beach location has been my favourite brunch spot . since it 's a bit far for me , i like going to the lawrence park location . ambience : small and cozy . good for family . food : for $ 8 - $ 10 , their breakfast was outstanding and way better than your ordinary greasy spoon diner 's breakfast . i love their french toast which was made with thick challah bread and the caramelized peaches that came with it were so yummy . the $ 8 eggs bennedict was same if not better quality than some $ 18 egg bennys i 've had before . they made poached egg the way i like it . the potato pancake which went really well with the caramelized apples and sour cream . they also had good soups so check it out as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one if the best french toasts i have had ! really great food , cute little spot , good service . great prices ! i ca n't get over that french toast , definitely a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went there for a saturday brunch . overall , we were very happy . the vevechi ( mushroom and spinach egg benedict ) was fantastic . the only surprise was that their omelet is a bit strange . the vegetables are on the top rather than inside the egg . however , it tasted great . we will need to go back another time for a lunch or dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't count the number of times we 've been here for brunch . it always seems packed on weekends , but the wait is reasonable . their daily specials are fantastic . among my recurring favourites are : seafood omelette , smoked salmon benny , steak benny , brie-stuffed french toast ( usually comes with chocolate chips , bananas , etc. ) . service is always great . we 've also been here for dinner a few times . all of their pastas have proven to be delicious , and they have really good pinot noir ! the ambiance is very low-key and intimate in evenings ( i.e . candles at each table ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "must try their french toast with caramelized peaches !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a great find ! went out for dinner on a sunday night and found this little gem . i had the shrimp linguini with gf pasta and it was delicious . parents had starter salads and shrimp and veal and it was all very good . service was good- i think the waitress was new . only reason it 's not 5 stars is because they did n't have the wine that we wanted- twice-apparently they had a low stock . otherwise great atmosphere and great food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there because it was friends ' neighborhood brunch spot . portions were big but the food was unfortunately nothing special . i had the eggs benedict but it was just about above average- if you are starving and in the mood for a somewht decent benny , go here for brunch", "score": "3"}
{"review": "seriously ? you 're going to just stand behind the counter staring at me after i walk into your store and cheerfully say `` hi ! '' ? wait , you 're going to follow me around , too , when i get slightly out of sight in the men 's section ? um , you only stock way-marked up designer and knock off crap that a ) anyone with half a brain could source on the internet for cheaper and b ) seems to be a selection of the ugliest , trendiest wares available that season ? oh , boris and natasha ... i remember when you were a latex-bedecked , stripey , upscale goth version of hot topic , and i wish you 'd revert back . at least you were good for a laugh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "glad to see people are catching on that this is an overhyped , overpriced sh-thole that have the most unfriendly , pseudo-hipster poser employees you can imagine working in a retail store . with the friggin ' outrageous prices you 'd think that the employees would be over-accomodating to try to make it such a great place , u do n't mind spending what they ask , but no ! ! ! ! ... the perfect storm of crappiness : poor selection , high prices , sh-tty employees , pissy attitudes ... lets all go right now ! ! ! ! ! ... : )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i experience racial profiling during my visit at this store . i have previously been a customer before the bad experience of being followed around the store like i was going to steal merchandise and because of that bad experience i know longer want to spend money at this place . i have never felt so mistreated and uncomfortable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "perfect for hipster fashion . its a little pricey for me , but i usually end up going there once or twice a year to get that perfect hat or vest . the owner has always been helpful to me and is extremely generous with donating to charities that i worked on .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "although i 've never been able to afford to buy anything from boris & natasha , i 've had lots of fun window shopping . it 's a great place to get a taste of what 's happening in fashion , and then you can hit up forever 21 to get the knock-off version . the customer service is top-knotch , as it should be for a boutique . if you 've got deep pockets , then boris & natasha is the best place in charlotte to get your hoochie clothes for the club ... if they 're not so deep ... get your clubbing inspiration , and make the hike to concord mills for the forever 21 alternative .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not too sure how to review this place . they have some great funky clothes which a lot are retro remakes . where new companies will buy old patterns and styles from defunk companies . i have bought a few things here and do like the place , but it reminds me of people looking for that `` vintage look '' but want it in brand new shape and do n't mind paying 45 dollars for a t-shirt or 150 dollars for `` vintage looking '' jeans . i guess its a bit too la for me . if you want to look vintage you should n't be spending nordstrom prices .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cool hipster clothing shop , housed in a large colorful corner building in plaza milwood offers an assortment of modern fashions for men and women , although the offerings for men are more limited than for the ladies . the usual assortment of hipster brands - modern amusement , munsingwear , ben sherman and the like are represented . the shop girls follow patrons around , but do not offer assistance unless asked , at least during our visit , perhaps there are a lot of thefts in the store that justifies this odd practice . store mascot , odie mcmuffin , a mix breed dog was one of the highlights of the visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as someone who gives credit where it is due..here is what i can say about this place . nice , trendy and classic pieces . terrible customer service . primarily overpriced . i myself have experienced the `` not so friendly vibe '' ... as well as many of my friends . we 've all had similar experiences there . it 's almost like `` you 're not buying anything , so who cares '' but why would we ? when you feel like your business wo n't be appreciated . i also know friends who sell to the boutique and the markup is insane . so i know the value just is n't there . but i 'm not trying to knock her hustle ... i 've purchased things in the past . the attitude always changes when you 're spending money ... so i think that 's the key . side eye", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been going to boris & natasha for nearly a decade . as you can imagine ( and hope ) my tastes and budget have changed . no matter what my spending limits are , i can always find a great dress or ensemble . the employees are just lovely- bringing me additional sizes , suggesting great styles ( both things that fit my pre-existing wardrobe and things that are out of the ordinary- items that i most often end up purchasing ) . beyond the incredibly versatile selection of clothing , they also have an amazing selection of eclectic jewelry from local designers , great ( and cheap ) sunglasses , and wonderful shoes ranging from very affordable flats to beautifully constructed leather boots . i sadly no longer live in charlotte but every time i come back in town for a visit , this is most definitely a required stop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! ! last summer i was introduced to boris + natasha and always look forward to taking friends and my family when they visit ! i 'm always looking for new hats and today i had my eyes on some new ( not here last month ) swim wear ! ! ! what i have purchased here was higher quality than most stores and it was better constructed and better materials ! i have probably met all the staff and they are always helpful , very knowledgeable and friendly ! my aim is to get here at least once a month . i figure here their are about 24 fashion seasons for men ! today my nieces , sister and parents came for a visit and they really liked the store , merchandise and dog !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked into boris and natasha 's and i was greeted by the disco sounds of lcd soundsystem . not to mention it was the first time i had been to the place in almost eight years and the owner still remembered me . there is nothing i love more than people that respect their clientelle as much as this place . the clothes are somewhat expensive , but its a boutique and that is the way that it goes . the staff is absolutely wonderful and full of fashion and music knowledge . the store is set up with all of the colors of the rainbow . there is a great selection of funky aviators ( glasses are my thing ) . see what 's up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is party girl hipster central . there are slinky dresses and various other club ware . all kinds of designer brands , so it 's not the cheapest place on the face of the planet , but the shoes are worth it at least . they also have party supplies , so if you need interesting decorations to go with that new outfit this is the place to come .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in boris and natasha recently with some friends . it is a funky place with a surprisingly large guys section . most everything was n't my style as it leaner towards flashy and `` look at me '' items . for men it is super pricey hipster - a lot of niche brands along with ben sherman and original penguin . nice to have some different things to look at than mall clothes though . it had the feel of a thrift or secondhand store , but with new clothes and higher prices . service seemed to be friendly and they made an effort to point out some things that i would potentially like .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "being from montana , we just do n't get a selection of designer stuff like this . anna sui ? impossible so i was in heaven lifting stuff off the racks and trying it on . i especially loved that hope has high low price points on everything . i bought the most amazing pair of shoes for $ 79 . she and her employee even stayed after hours to let me try stuff on ( which they probably do n't make a habit of , but i am eternally grateful , as my flight left early the next morning ) . i found them to be very relaxed and helpful , not hovering . i gave specific concerns about my figure flaws , and both hope and her employee went on a scavenger hunt finding appropriate cuts within my price range . they nailed it ! i love this place ! i think it really shows when someone is passionate about what they do ; hope clearly is an expert and loves what she does .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how i wish i could afford anything at boris & natasha ... i would buy so much clothes there . they 've got really cute , funky dresses , skirts and tops . lots of high-end brands like anna sui , ben sherman , modern amusement and french connection . they 've also got great jewelry , and sometimes jewelry designers do trunk shows there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff here is somewhat friendly but their selection is lacking . i find their prices to be insanely high . i mean , it 's charlotte not rodeo drive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "interesting little shabby chic clothing store on thomas ave with it 's very own cute puppy to pet while you visit . ok maybe he 's not as young as he used to be , but who is ? we always find a cool dress or hat in there . the hats are awesome , yes it can be pricey , but they have a sales rack in the back t check out and the clothes are unusual labels you do n't necessarily find elsewhere in charlotte . think of it like king st. in charleston . if you want to find something unusual come to boris and natasha .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fabulous , friendly service without ever feeling like you 're being pressured or annoyed . if you want honest opinions on how clothing fits and great advice about what you should try on that you may never have even considered , this is the place . i always find amazing shoes here ! awesome jewelry collection to browse and the clothing rotates frequently . last , but certainly not least , great sales !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only been in this store twice but i 've loved it both times . i do n't remember how the customer service was last time i went ( over a year ago ) but i do remember that i got some awesome green over-priced boots for really cheap because they were on sale in the middle of summer on a 99 degree day . i still wear the boots and think that their sale section is awesome . when i went in today i got a really cute mustard yellow top that was a very unique , chic design . the guy behind the counter was super friendly and helpful . i def enjoyed shopping there today . as for the price , it ranges . some things are pretty moderately pried while others are pretty expensive . it really just depends on what brand you 're looking for . i will definitely continue shopping here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "boris + natasha is the destination for cutting edge fashion for both men and woman . this is not the place you want to shop if you do not want to be noticed or complemented on your appearance or style ! the prices do vary tremendously so do not be surprised if you find a $ 70 dress on the same rack as a $ 300 skirt . whether you plan on spending $ 70 or $ 300 , you will find some amazing clothes , shoes , shades and jewelry . this is my one stop shop for most social occasions . from french connection to double zero , boris + natasha fits sexy-trendy to classic-chic style preferences .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in after a bite to eat down the block and was pleasantly surprised by the super array of jewelry accessories . gorgeous and unique pieces ! i bought a boba fett wallet to satisfy my star wars fashion urge . would have loved more time to browse the clothing selection . two adorable dogs lounging about ( so sweet ! ! ! ) made me want to shop in there all day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great clothes ! cool sunglasses- amazing jewelry ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hip clothes for the instant rock and roller . spanking new ben shermans are very expensive but if you ca n't find it anywhere else in charlotte , you can certainly find it here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upscale sexy clothing . awesome dogs that greet every visitor . a bit out of my price range but i did like the clothing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been living in charlotte for over a year and just went to boris and natasha for the first time this week . considering i have shopped around central ave frequently , goes to show you how this place can be overlooked easily . in terms of dress selection , i absolutely adored the place ! the prices were a bit steeper than i 'm willing to pay , but i did find a great dress for an upcoming wedding that was reasonable . my husband really likes the store as well , said he wanted to buy everything ! consider this a new destination shop we 'll be visiting often when we need our shopping fix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lot 's of cool unique things , hard to find in charlotte . pretty expensive . the dog is really cute .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "over the years , i 've gathered some amazing jewelry pieces from boris & natasha . hope does a wonderful job of working with local artists ! i also enjoy that i can find less expensive costume pieces when the pockets are light ( lol ) . while i generally purchase jewelry , i 've also picked up a few great pieces of clothing and pairs of shoes , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store houses a museum quality assortment of original , handmade and vintage jewelry . with a serious passion for this stuff the curator here has an amazing eye . there really is something for everyone : glitter , glamour , tribal , sweet , sexy ... the sky 's the limit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great little eclectic clothing boutique with very friendly service . you just have to go , its kind of hard to explain . this is n't your average clothing store by any means . they a wide variety of jewelry as well . i personally have never bought anything from there but have been with lady friends who love the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "started out seeing these places advertising super low rate of 30 per hour which is phenominal . learned rates go up as the place becomes busier . learned very difficult to communicate exactly what you want or desire done . they seem to follow a scripted massage and very difficult to get them to deviate from it . go here if you can get the good pricing and just need a basic rubdown with no special requests . many better places locally for the same price range .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is not worth of your money , i am pretty sure they have no idea how to do a good massage . spoke very little english , i would not go back there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "actually a good deal for hh.. $ 6.00 burgers and crispy fries . burgers are huge and definitely will fill you up . service was pleasant and quick and the patio has outdoor misters which are ok for curly hair but not a beautiful blowout..lol . if i return would like to try something different next time and the martini .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here three times and all three times the food has been amazing . usually service is equally amazing but tonight our server was really bad he was un attentive forgot about us while he served other tables with service we usually get . if you go and your server is named jason . ..move to another area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went here as part of a business dinner and thoroughly enjoyed myself . the service was excellent ; professional and attentive , without being stuffy or pretentious . the appetizers , salads , and sides were above average in taste and presentation . now , the filet mignon was the highlight of the evening . the steak was cooked to medium-rare perfection . if you enjoy a good steak paired with an excellent wine ( they have a huge wine list ) , you should definitely give fleming 's a try . i 'm an out of towner who travels frequently to chandler and this restaurant tops my list .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "outstanding food and service.. steaks were perfectly cooked and the lava cake is to die for . highly recommend to anyone wanting a great dining experience . wait staff is highly attentive and really wanting to make your experience top notch..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was n't a great experience . sat on the patio , service was extremely slow ( was n't busy ) and inaccurate . appetizers ( ordered about 5 ) were underwhelming , amongst other things , calamari was very soggy . maybe skip this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dinner at fleming 's was fantastic ! the service was professional and attentive . food was delish ; my barbecued salmon fillet flaked perfectly , and the bed of saut\u00e9ed mushrooms underneath were the perfect complement . lighting is low and intimate , so it 's great for personalized occasions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only because zero is not an option- switched from att to `` have my bill cut in half '' completely bs i now have a bill that 's over double of what i was paying before . service is always out or issues . phone replacement ha that 's a joke ! ! they nickel and dime you . the billing department has n't been much good either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dear arnold , i wish you werey employee so i could fire you . you are rude and lazy . your attitude is uncalled for . i hope you were just having a bad day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to the sprint store & waited about 15 minutes . justin waited on me & was a huge help in selecting what i needed . he showed me his own phone & what hardware he uses to protect his device . as a longtime sprint customer , he gave me extra incentives on top of the promo that was going on . he gave me his card & told me to call him for any questions . i could have been a fool & followed the negative reviews & gone somewhere else but i am the kind of person that likes to see it for oneself . i was very satisfied & very pleased . i will recommend this store to anyone & everyone . true , you will find some `` rotten apples '' in every bunch at any place but do n't let that stop you for seeing for yourself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found my experience truly displeasing . the service was extremely unprofessional . there were several workers hiding in the back , and only one employee helping customers . not only did they not have the phone i wanted , they lied to me . i was told that i could come the next day and pick up my phone without a question asked . the next day they asked me several questions in order to access my father 's account . we specifically asked them if there would be anything i had do the next day , and they told us we would not . they also simply turned on my phone and assumed that i had an icloud rather than trying to help me transfer my data . extremely unprofessional service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shawn is a dishonest salesman . went in to upgrade my phone to the iphone 6 and he told me there was a $ 80 one time activation fee due that day which i paid for up front . the next month , the bill came and they charged me for a $ 35 activation fee ; i called and told them about my in store payment and the associates advised me it should n't ever be more than $ 35 . after hours on the phone trying to figure out what the $ 80 charge was , no one could figure it out . i went back to the sprint store and thankfully russ was able to refund me ; i received a receipt for the refund , and it stated that it was a charge for an accessory bundle package , which i did not purchase . all i can say is i am never going back to this location . it 's just a really sad situation bc shawn is a sales manager for them . do n't say i did n't warn you !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the best service ever from sophia . she helped my sister and i out . and i got a new iphone 6 ! ! ! we will be sure to come back to this store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the customer service at this location is the worst . i went in to get a new line on my account . paid the extra over night shipping for phone to be in next day ended up in 3days later . they refunded the shipping . but when i went to get the phone the girl who was so called helping me was flirting with the guys from customer service right in front me as they where hooking up my line . they exchanged numbers . i was shocked . after getting off the phone with him she then proceed to answer her own cell phone talked to them for bit . then handed me my phone said my number was the first in contacts and i could go . what ! ! i cant believe it . this is what you call service . think there needs to be some service training .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unfortunately this is a huge problem sprints not dealing with . the transfer of phones from the exploding ones to the new phone you order isnt transferring any of your money down with it and any promo items or items you should have received you now have to pay for . i put a 200 down on new phones ordered one iphone and one of the samsungs that had the issues my new contract has no reflection of the 200 original deposit and the case and glass for screen that were included on both phone purchases i realized i paid 65.00 for also cant log into my account to check it and bill is due weds but the turned one phone off at 12:03am tonite ... . they are not a reputable company any more not one bit", "score": "1"}
{"review": "being in las vegas i lost my iphone . for 3 days i was desperate . contacted my sprint store at home but still needed help . stopped at this store and met matt . he was great . he gave me a simple tech overview on how to find my phone . very impressed with his level of service and pleasant and calm personality . leaving store happy . thanks matt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "matt did an excellent job . fast and easy . i was on vacation and needed to activate my phone . hoping that it would not take too long and go back to vacation mode right when i stepped in right away i was helped and greeted by matt c he did an awesome job to cleaning my screen , installing my otter box , and activating my phone . thank you for your fast and great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! hunter was fantastic ! easy and pain free upgrade as usual ! thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst customer service ever ! ! ! ! i understand i came in pretty late but matt did n't give me any kind of help at all . he was rude and unkind , i honestly feel he should probably think about getting a new job because his attitude really sucks . he is the true definition of why sprint sucks in the first place . i ended going to two other sprint stores , only to have to get online and help my self .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "el serbicio es excelente muy amable la se\u00f1orita q me atendio . gracias la se\u00f1orita q me atendi\u00f3 es martha castel", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the past two nights they leave the open sign on . this may seem small but when i was there at 9 p.m. and drove there because i saw they were `` open . '' not only was i upset but i 3 different vehicles pull up to the same disappointment . shut off your lights yall ! you born in a barn ? lol seriously though ... .its sad that one of my worst reviews will raise your average ... . time to shake it up ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "clint and the rest of the crew at sprint gave me a great experience on upgrading my phone . very professional and friendly . will return again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a great deal on my new iphone 7 and the staff was nice . hunter was super helpful and knowledgeable . no reason to go with another company when stores like these are around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the opportunity to work with justin t. on a phone upgrade . what should have been a simple task turned into a major 5 day project . the customer care phone support made this a nightmare . justin was patient and helped me navigate the numerous bad info i had received from customer care . i finally did get someone from customer care who knew what they were doing . justin was then able to help me complete my upgrade . if not for justin and nell from customer care i would have left sprint . clone justin or promote him ... he deserves it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anthony , matt and the rest of the reps at this location are the best . knowledgeable , friendly . great service. ! ! 10 +", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we switched from verizon to sprint and came to this store for help with a new phone plan . anthony n was the person that helped us and he was wonderful ! he was funny and professional but r did n't push us o get anything we did n't want . he listened to our needs and helped us out with everything . we ended up getting two iphones with a new plan and he got us out of there fairly quickly . i would definitely recommend this location and anthony to anyone looking for a good store to go to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a new phone through bestbuy and i went to the sprint store to get activated . matt educated me that i was pit on the wrong contract for the phone . cancelled and got me on a better deal . logo thank you matt appreciate saving money friend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in with an issue with facebook . had nothing to do with sprint , but the lovely gentleman named matthew was a lifesaver . was very patient with me , and above all , he solved my problem very quicklyand accordingly . he really went above and beyond to help me out . thank you so much again sprint , i recommend this store to anyone whose looking for new service or having issues with your phone . russel is the store manager great job on training these young studs", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you to sprint experts for making my upgrade to the iphone 7 a breeze , i specifically go out of my way to go to this store being that they have been the most helpful in all my years at sprint ! always being greeted with a smiling face and a helpful hand !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far my favorite sprint store in the area . just bought a new phone and all my accessories from here . the representative , matt , was very helpful and even helped me score some great deals . i will definitely come back again for my next phone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service here was very professionally delivered . anthony was so very curteous and knowledgeable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i switch to sprint from the at & t for a lot of reasons no.1 is the customer service there staff specially matthew and anthony there the best that handles the business that i came across with they take care of our accountants from start to finish good job guys", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came to this store to get samsung watch ... they lady who 's standing look at me and she can help me . soon , i approached her she answered the phone did n't even say anything ... after she hanged up the phone , asked her of they have samsung watch , she said `` no '' then pick up a phone again ... she did n't even ask , if i need anything else or did n't even make an effort to look for other store who carries the watch ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is by far my best experience with sprint ! during my vacation in las vegas , my phone stopped working forcing me to do that dreaded store visit instead of relaxing pool side . clinton and his friendly greeting immediately put me at ease explaining he would run test and get my phone working properly in no time . i left my phone while heading out for lunch . on my return clinton explained what the issue was and had my phone fully charged ! this world needs many more clinton 's for sure . clinton , thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sophia went above and beyond with our family last night ! 7 new iphones all with our old verizon numbers ( yay no verizon nasty bills anymore ) set up and ready to go . it was a challenge and she handled it like a champ . i saw all the negative comments about the staff here . i ca n't see where that 's coming from . everyone was super nice and helpful to all of us . from danny ( go giants ! ) to carla ( an absolute sweetheart ) our switch was handled with expertise and humor . thank you ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service is very hard to come by these days . i had the pleasure of being helped by matt who 's professionalism was by far the best i 've received in a very long time . he 's a big asset to this store and represents the values a true employee represents . needless to say i will be coming to this store for all my future needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clint and anthony do such a good job . everyone should tune into this sprint store for all their technological needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clint and russ took great care of me and helped me get my new iphone up and running . definitely go see one of them for all your needs ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the slowest store in vegas . the only convent part of the store was the bill pay machine that has been broken since at least march of last year ( 2013 ) me and a friend of mine were able to walk to smash burger in the same parking and eat a full meal before they were able to call my name to simple pay my bill", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shawn was very helpful . it was quick painless and not a deep hole in my pocket . my experience with have always been easy going and i get what i need at a good price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came this morning to open a new acc switching from t-mobile to sprint . let 's just say for a person just started their credits and do n't really know about phone service plans like me , i would have lots of questions to ask , but anthony and russ were patience enough to help me get the type of service that i want , also they made sure to help every ways to cut down my payment monthly . i upgraded the ip6 to ip7 and it was n't too much that i could n't afford . thank you for being so helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this sprint store has the best customer service . even better than the customer service over the phone . matt c. helped me upgrade my phone and got me a cheaper deal then if i would of done it online . he is courteous , very in tune to customer needs and has a wonderful smile . i recommend this location to anyone who needs help with a phone or even their sprint account . great job matt . i will be back i 'm sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after having a bad experience at another sprint store i came into this one and they bent over backwards to try and find the part i need it i 'm very happy with them and we 'll be doing business with them more often", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no other carrier store to purchase my service and devices from . of course sprint is the best network in the area but they helped me transfer my phone numbers over from verizon , switch my pictures and contacts and set me up with sweet accessories for a discount since i referred my mom and dad . they also got me $ 50 gift cards per person i referred so i got to make $ 150 for doing nothing ! justin , hunter and shawn took great care of me and they do n't make you feel like you 're being swindled , they 're not your typical `` salesmen '' , they 're more friendly rather than pushy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went into the sprint store today to check out the iphone 7plus . i have been an android user since forever . as far as technology goes i have apple devices ... .desktops , laptops , ipod , tablets except for my phone . well , today i switched over to an iphone . justin was very helpful in explaining the benefits of the phone as far as what i was looking for . justin made me feel really comfortable and at peace switching over to the iphone . he transferred all my info from my old phone without any problems , placed my screen protector on my phone for me and made sure my trade in was back to the factory default and it was fast . my husband and i have frequented this store location many times and matt and justin have always taken cared of any issues we may have had . justin and matt are great assets to this establishment . definitely recommend to see them for all your phone needs . keep up the great work guys ! sheryl g .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to multiple sprint stores when i was trying to get my new s8+ . matt was more than helpful . got me a new phone with new accessories and it was very affordable . thank you so much sprint . this is the only store i will ever go to . thanks matt", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this sprint store has the worst customer service in the world worst than fuckin walmart..i was trying to return a $ 10 item got to the store no one shot about there job because only manager can do a return ... wtf ? ..having to drive 15 miles to this store..dont go here there a rip off too..this store sucks ..if i can give negative 100 stars i would ..i wish this place burn to hell ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly atmosphere , very attentive staff . i was greeted immediately after walking past the front reception area . the staff was extremely helpful in orchestrating auto-pay for our bill and assisting in choices of phone accessories . highly recommended store ! ask for shawn or russ !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys suck ! ! do n't come to this store . my wife dropped her phone off at 11 a.m. and they said it would be done after 5 p.m. we came at 6 p.m. still give them an extra hour , they had all day to work on it and they still were not done , we had to wait an extra 15 minutes for them to finish with it . these guys suck . they were all standing around like schmucks doing chet . do n't waste your time go elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in the store about a week ago looking to switch from verizon and the store manager angelo was really helpful answered all my questions and made me feel great about my decision ! i would recommend this store to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in with my grandma for an upgrade and i was helped by martha and she did a great job ! i would definitely recommend her if you 're looking for someone that 's very sweet and she explained everything well to me . also she speaks spanish so that was a plus for my grandma who does n't speak english .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "justin , sean and the staff always give great customer service ! ! keep up the good work", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went into one store and had a horrible experience then we went into this location and shawn and hunter were more than happy to help us sign up for a new plan and get 2 new phones ! they were very informative and knowledgable about the products . they also helped us get an amazing deal on it all ! i would definitely recommend this location to any of their customers ! definitely a 5star experience from start to finish !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "assholes at this store ! ! walked in and no one acknowledge that i was even there then after waiting in line for 20 min i reach the front to be told i need to sign in so i sign in wait another 20 min and then they tell me they ca n't help me ! ! ! could have asked why i was here in the first place and saved some time but you were to busy doing nothing ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what 's just there 5 days ago and upgraded to the iphone 7 and changed my plan . everything went great and smooth . the guy working with me was great and made sure i got what i wanted and needed . ca n't wait till my iphone 7 comes in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aaron is one of the best colourists i 've ever had ! i kept changing colours every 6-12 months because i was never happy with what i had . and i get bored easily . but since he did my last balayage colour a year ago , i have n't wanted to change it because it looks so good ! he is great about telling you what will work for your hair . i love the hair masking service which is basically a roots touch up at the top and front of my head , but cheaper than a full head roots colour , it 's way more economical and is perfect for extending the life of my colour . love it ! the salon itself is super cute . everyone is really friendly and they provide drinks and digital entertainment ( netflix and next issue mags ) to keep you busy ! love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so glad i discovered aaron . he is a true artist when it comes to colour . i have put my trust in him 3 times for a balayage colouring and each time i 'm blown away . the new yorkville location is gorgeous with attention to detail creating a salon making you feel like home as soon as you walk in and are welcome to sit in the seating area with a fresh brew brought to you with the option of watching netflix on a tablet . what could be better ! congrats on the new location and amazing group of staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i waited 3 months for an appointment with aaron and it was worth it ! after a disaster at another salon , aaron and his team took so much time and care to make sure i was looked after . the salon is gorgeous and my colour turned out amazing . i went home feeling like a princess ! thanks everyone , see you in a few months ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aaron is a wonderful colourist , since moving to toronto i 've tried numerous salons and never been thrilled with the results . aaron was the first to know exactly what i wanted and i always love my hair when i leave the salon . the staff are all so lovely as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went recently ( with a fellow foodie friend from work ) to check this place out . we decided to get two different burritos and share them . atmosphere and decor inside are spartan , but the vibe is cool . we ordered a wet burrito with chicken and a big pig . the wet burrito looked promising ( from the outside ) covered in a white sauce and diced tomatoes , but once cut open it contained mostly rice and lacked any real flavor depth . it tasted fine , but there was nothing special about its flavor , and the rice simply overpowered the burrito . the big pig on the other hand , we pretty solid . it was filled with pork , bbq sauce , grilled veggies ( like onions and peppers ) and the crispiest little potato nuggets you 'll find . the flavors on this bad boy melded together great , and the crispy potatoes added a `` crunch factor '' for texture and added flavor . would return for the latter , but not the former .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ate here after going to the big home & garden show at the ix center . i got the `` big pig '' friends got a `` wet one '' forgot what the other one was . we all loved them ! i think the `` big pig '' was the best burrito i 've ever eaten ! ! ! ever eaten ! ! ! it was that freaking good . go now so you can be 1st in line tomorrow . your taste buds will thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went on a weekday and got the big wet one . deep fried burrito how could that be anything but awesome . the meat was so tasty and tender . the queso on top of the burrito is amazing i could drink that stuff . the only downside was there was too much rice that i felt lacked some flavor . do n't get me wrong i still enjoyed the burrito and will come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here and it 's awesome ! big wet one was damn good . the deep fried adds a whole new dimension to the burrito . leaving here fat and happy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter took me here as it 's on front street and she goes to bw . what a fantastic find for me . i so enjoyed my burrito with all kinds of yummy insides . i got chicken and the flavor was fantastic . a bit of spice but not over the top . i 'm not a spicy fan - can not handle it . we ate inside as it was a cold day and there was plenty of seating . i would go back in a heart beat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible experience ! slowest service and the food was not worth the wait either . it was my first time and i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "big ass burritos in a pastry that was tasty as eff ! ! ! ! it went home as dinner and man ... full ! ! ! ! ! it 's right downtown berea so bounce in and have at it ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was great ! had `` the big wet one '' . it was delicious ! service was great . would definitely go back . dying to try the cuban or the nachos . was turned off by the kitchen staff children running around , eating mcdonalds in the restaurant and riding a scooter around inside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here with my boyfriend and loved it . the staff is friendly . the burritos are ginormous . i had the supermodel and i was in love . my boyfriend loved the big wet one ( a burrito . ) really cute decor . they played the best music . so many throwbacks . definitely going back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got the chick-in-sanity and it was pretty awesome . i ordered it to go and i had about a 15 minute drive home and it still tasted fresh . the wait was longer than that of chipotle but that is because they are freshly preparing some of the ingredients . the person who took my order was very helpful in helping me decide which burrito to get if i were taking it to go . next time i will try to eat in and get the wet hot burrito .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good food . a must stop for burrito lovers and fans of great food . i will definitely be stopping there again soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! awesome service ! the big wet one is amazing . would recommend to anyone who likes burritos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wet burrito was bland and tasteless chips and salsa were like eating half cooked chips and pace picante ... i do n't reccomend this place to anyone my lunch was a burrito which said it was grilled chicken when it was braised and shredded instead , chips and salsa , and a soda and was $ 15 it really did n't taste fresh and when you use products that come from a can instead of fresh products - we can tell and it 's not cool man . also i smelled like a dirty deep fryer when i left my shirt and beard smelled like nasty old fryer grease . i went home and had to do laundry . try again boca loca ! i wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my husband and i love this place ! we discovered it in may and have been back numerous times since . the chick-in-sanity is delicious and i love all the different ways that i can order it . not only as a burrito , but also as a bowl that is a crunchy little dish of heaven . their hot salsa is amazing ! pair that up with the guac on your burrito and it 's wonderful . the staff is great and now knows our order and who we are . we will forever be regulars of this place and have n't gone anywhere else for burritos since becoming customers . the chicken is all white meat and so tasty . not overly seasoned , and i have never found a fatty piece in it . the food has been consistently fresh and delicious every single time we have been there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently stopped in boca loca for the first time and it was a great experience . the staff was very friendly . we got the guacamole which was great and i got the big pig which was absolutely delicious . i highly recommend stopping by if you 're in the area . i know i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food triple thread is the best . i 've eaten everything on the menu and it 's all good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sorry ! we were not overwhelmed . i had been excited to try this place after seeing it on new day cleveland on cinco de mayo . the young man who took our order was a bit confused . our burritos were very large but the chicken was not season and very bland . there was plenty of rice filing . we also ordered boca 's guac . the counter staff mentioned that it would be enough share amongst the three of us . it was a very small bowl of guac accompanied by an even smaller bag of chips . nothing special ! we were very disappointed and doubt that we will return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "holy beans , that was the best burrito i 've ever eaten . between the big wet one and the wake n bacon , i 'm in burrito heaven . such a delicious , fresh , and fun lunch experience ! the owner made the experience even better . she 's hysterical ! ! overall , i loved the people , the decor , and most of all the food ! ! we will be back . and we will be hungry !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hate to do this to a restaurant with delicious food , but ... we had reservations for 815 , did n't sit down until 9 . our table was given away twice to two other parties . it took then 1 hour to bring us our appetizers and after 3 hours , i 'm still sitting here waiting for my entree . this is absolutely ridiculous . i will never come back here !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i visited vita sociale last saturday night and was really impressed with the food . i had the gnocchi and they were excellent and homemade . the service , however , was awful . our water was snobby and acted like he was doing us a favor the entire time we were there . i probably wo n't be back , despite how good the food was . there are other restaurants where i can get tasty italian food in toronto without feeling unwelcome .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have only tried their margherita pizza , but it alone says a lot about the restaurant . the crust was so thin and crisp that it seemed to me like it was baked a month ago . the promise of buffalo mozzarella and basil was a joke . they took one basil leaf and cut it into 8 little slices , while buffalo mozzarella was the size of bird poo . i ca n't comment on the quality of other food , but if they think they can treat their customers this way , i want everyone to know about my experience . grazie , which is a little bit south across the street is way better . save yourself some time and go there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the space and the large open doors on to the street . restaurant wants to be a busy hip place but they need to improve the food and service if they want repeat customers . service was friendly when we could find the waiter . very slow ! i ordered the toscana pasta and it was 'meh ' . my friend had the pizza and it was about as good as my teenagers make . i was looking forward to my coffee but it was lukewarm and i had to ask for cream . not a great experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went here recently alongside a good friend of mine ; their setting an dine aroma look was well presented although service an food quality was bland an overrated due to what the place looked like . staff needs to be more orianted with diners an communicate more ; this places location is fairly decent pricing is not worth what they are ; more like little appitizeres then mains in my personal opinion . although my friend said shes not a heavy eatter an would take so little to fill her up , their food quantity wasnt even enough ! we decided to head over to another restuarant afterwards for a quick to go ! until they fix their service which brought down everything ; i wouldnt reccomend coming here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "beautiful decor and stylish restaurant with hot servers how ever food is really disappointing . the pizzas are like tortilla chips , the dough is the strangest thing i have seen . me and a friend were very disappointed . we got the pizza cold , you will not be able to cut the dough , we had to literal rip with our hands and teeth . it is like plastic . if they are trying to innovate this was a complete miss and they should tell u before you order . the very first time i was there i had the gnocchi and they were n't that tasty either . unless you are going to just get drinks or coffee with your girlfriends i would n't recommend this restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here for brunch . the food was decent but the service was the worst i 've ever had . they forgot half the things we ordered . the server never showed up again after taking our order so we had to flag down the food runner to let him know what was missing and he came back with our bill 20 minutes later .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there on a date . great service . ordered the short ribs . to die for . melt in your mouth served with a creamy polenta . last time i got the porchetta which was real yummy as well . definitely would go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the swaggy $ $ $ $ centro is now the rustic italian $ $ eatery vita sociale , and i think they 've done a really nice job with the re-design ... .but the food needs some work . the pizza , for one thing , looked amazing but tasted disappointing . ( we ordered three kinds ... i 'd recommend the truffle pizza as being the best of the three . ) the spaghetti with meatballs was massive and unappetizing ; the agnolotti was better . fried calamari was tasty ; beef carpaccio was delicious . having just enjoyed some great thin-crust pizza recently at lil baci on yonge south of eglinton , the vita pizza fell short . but they 're still new so perhaps we should give them a chance to fine-tune .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came across vita social on a saturday night to a surprisingly empty dining room . service was slow , could n't get tvs to play two different games . manager seemed to be enjoying the leafs game more than being a manager . i really loved this place a year ago , i know it can be a hot spot , but menu was boring and place was lacking excitement . my braised short ribs were heavy , filling and absolutely fantastic . we also tried the gluten free option of their pomodoro which we were n't as pleased ( presentation lacking . ) i want this place to be successful , i think it could be a great hangout for locals , but strikeouts on a few aspects .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "apparently my 2 star review was too generous because this place did n't last a year ! bye bye", "score": "2"}
{"review": "actually we are amazed this place was still open . it 's a good looking place from the outside and in ... but poor quality food , clueless staff who could n't care less , were a table of 6 , probably only one of 4 occupied tables in the whole room ( for good reason we now understand ) . none of us finished our food ( sorry we do not advocate leaving or wasting food but this was an exception ) , 3 of out orders were delivered incorrectly , we were all shocked the place is still in business . sorry for the bad review but wowwww", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is not bad . we were surprised to see centro gone and replaced by vita sociale . i think that it 's still trying to figure out its identity . it looks fancy from the outside with a red carpet to the side but when we peaked in at around 4pm on a saturday it was full of young families so we went in for a quick meal with our one year old . the staff were friendly , they seemed to need a bit more training . the waiter and waitress would make small mistakes that we would n't even notice but keep apologizing for making them ( i guess after they realized on their own that they had made them ) . the food was good . not fantastic but decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was very good , but service was slow and food was average . we sat down just before 8pm and were served bread and appetizers within a reasonable time , but our min courses did not drive until close to 9pm . the restaurant was not overly busy , but was serving a private party upstairs , likely why our food was slow ? we ordered cesar salad ( so-so ) , calamari ( deep fried but good ! ) , steak and risotto ( over priced , risotto was watery , steak was average ) , pasta with italian sausage ( decent ) . spicy cesars to drink - average .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the decor of vita sociale is nice . this used to be centro . the food is pretty average though . i had a rigatoni with chicken & mushroom . it was mostly pasta & not much else . the chicken was pretty dry as well . not sure if i would come here again . the day i came for lunch was quite cold & it 's more than a 5 minute walk from the subway despite what they said .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went back again since late night dining options are few and far between at the encore , and sat at the bar since there was a wait for a table . great service from the bartender . i tried the specialty cocktail which was some fruity ( a ton of real strawberries and raspberries ) red bull and vodka concoction which i later found out is made with 100 proof vodka . whoa ! it 's a $ 14 cocktail , but definitely worth it . i had to take that bad boy with me after dinner since i could n't finish it at the bar . skip the calamari . it was overdone and tasteless . gave the doughnuts another chance , and this time , they were stuffed with nutella and delicious . that does n't garner an extra star , however , because it just reaffirms the fact that some cook got lazy and screwed us the first time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "would have never just decided to eat here but my friend comped it for us . ca n't say no to free food right ? that would be rude . my steak and eggs , $ 24 but damn good . i was thinking it was going to be something like dennys but i should have known the wynn would n't do it like that . not much on the menu but if theres anything you have to try its this little donut things they make fresh . so damn good . it 's just chocolatey sugary goodness that just melts in your mouth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no matter how much planning you do , sometimes you just get a serendipitous surprise . we were coming back to the wynn after seeing the love show and gambling , had a huge lunch , but were suddenly starving . it was kinda late , around 1 and we checked to see what was still open . stratta , until 6 a.m. we had 2 stellar wood-fired pizzas ( margherita and one with argula , ricotta and proscuitto ) and a couple of killer salads . those pizzas ranked right up there with spago and mozza . the late menu is an abbreviated version of the regular and a tad cheaper . hipster douche lite , plus a great location in the casino for good people-watching .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "during my stay in las vegas i grabbed a late dinner here with my boyfriend and i was completely blown away with how great our dining experience was ( and how comparable low the bill was ) . after a long day of drinking , i was trying to avoid cocktails all together , but i was talked into splitting a glass of sangria . do not miss this ! the sangria at stratta was the best drink i had during my vacation . for dinner i had the eggplant parmesan . not an especially fancy dish , but i think if you 've got good eggplant than you have a good italian restaurant . it was so delicious , i could not stop eating it . my boyfriend got the special , which was osso bucco and saffron risotto . the price of his plate was a little steep , but it was totally worth it , great flavors and cooked perfectly . great restaurant , casual and stylish . one of the best meals i have had in vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great place to have a business lunch ... i went twice during my time in vegas , and popular enough to people watch , but quiet enough to conduct business . try the corsa salad and roasted shrimp penne !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only came here to grab a glass of red wine but i was very impressed by how friendly the bartenders were . i wish i had had a chance to eat here because i heard from some industry friends that they had good meals here . thank you to the bartenders for probably being the best in the wynn . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for my birthday dinner and it was so good ! if youre looking for a great restaurant for a birthday dinner or special occasion but dont want to pay the hefty $ 80++ per person price at a steakhouse , stratta 's a great idea ! the atmosphere is great , and the service was great . i was staying at the wynn and it was really nice because the restaurant is right next to where you get off from the elevator . so it made getting ready and getting there easy . i got the chicken breast with risotto on the side , with a glass of delicioussss moscato wine . it was soo good ! had some chocolate toffee cake for dessert too and that was delicious too . and all in all the pricing was pretty good . would definitely come back ! they also have a starlight menu that starts at 11pm and goes til 6am , which is great if your starving after a night of clubbing . yay vegas !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the few fine dining places willing to seat people after 10pm on a weekday . decent italian food but not worth it for the price . i had the osso bucco , which was good . the shank was nice and tender and juicy but the flavors were on the subdued side , risotto underneath was n't memorable . my wife had the rib eye which she raved about with the flavors . wine is only by the bottle ( a big pet peeve of mine since one glass is enough ) wine , dinner , and tip ~ $ 200", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you get 5 stars if you make me fall in love with your pesto . oh em gee ! ! the ambiance was great ! the service was prompt , efficient and extra friendly . the food was yummy ( i had the lasagna special , which is not the same as the one listed on the menu ... not sure exactly what was different ... but it was good ! ) . it must be said again ... the pesto was amazing ... and the bread that came with it was good too . our party also ordered a pitcher of black bull , which i thoroughly enjoyed ! tasty ! the pricing is what you 'd expect inside wynn on the vegas strip ... steak dishes around the $ 50 price range , pasta dishes in the $ 30 price range ... it 's mainly italian and they 've got yummy looking wood-fired pizza . oh yeah ... the pesto was great ! hehehe ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "is the food great ? so-so . but you ca n't go wrong either . for a great spur of the moment place , and sticking to basics ( margarita pizza ) , you ca n't go wrong . f you stick at the bar , and have the fortunate pleasure to have keao you 're very luck . very professional , yet personable at the same time . she has taken care of us a few times . always a pro ! oh , i find this place to be very fair in price too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "with so many high-end restaurants to choose from in vegas , it 's hard to go wrong with picking the right restaurant . a group of co-workers and i decided to have dinner at stratta , an italian restaurant at the wynn . located right next to the casino floor the decor and ambiance at stratta is not as upscale unique as other vegas venues , but it 's the food that 's impressive . we ordered a variety of appetizers ranging from calamari to pizza , all of which were very good ( all of which were decently priced ) . for my main i decided to order the scallops with a side of truffle fries . the scallops were amazing ! served in a creamy white sauce each scallop was as delicious as the last ! and oh the truffle fries . simply spectacular -- all fries should be served with truffle oil ! stratta is the perfect place to get your italian fix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this bar restaurant . this is a great lunch place to have a nibble and sip something to aid your aching head . they have excellent tvs so you can watch some good sports , and if there is anything significant on , it is always a party atmosphere in here . their pasta , salads and pizzas are lovely . very high quality food and service ( great bartenders ) at a good value , this being the lower level restaurant of chef alessandro stratta . i would eat here for a special event anytime . i love the decor , the people watching and the busy bustling atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "late at night this place is good , mostly because it 's one of the few places open to help balance a night of drinking . we ordered the mozzarella which was sooooo good in the tomato dipping sauce . the spaghetti was fine as was the donuts that we ordered . decent eats . great service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i did n't like the fact that this was a casual place in the wynn . our first choice was sw but our late arrival made us dine here . thank god cause the food was delicious and the service was impeccable . i got the veggie bolognese and procuitto pizza and the warm goat cheese salad . perfect entrees for a 2 person dinner . although i would have like to have been seated inside since the people walking by was bothering me but that was probably my only complaint . if you 're looking for tasty filling meals while staying in vegas , stratta can accommodate your needs . everything on the menu seemed like it would be a delicious choice and from the items i ordered it was true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to the wynn so many times ... never to strata ! glad i made it out ! my friends and i went down for dinner at about 10:00 pm but had to wait until 10:30 pm for the 'new menu ' . that was a little odd . once we sat down we ordered mac and cheese , chicken wings , and meat balls . i ended up sending my beet salad back because it was a little blend ... too much salad-not enought beets . we had a great time , good feel and friendly staff . my recommendation : grab some grub before the clubs !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "late night stumbling from xs here . waited about 10 min for a table , even though they had plenty of tables open . maybe not enough servers . service was good . a little overpriced in my mind . food hit or miss . - caesar salad : pass on this . not great selection of lettuce , too much lemon . - thin crust pepperoni pizza : bread was super thin , compare to naan , thinner though . was really good . i 'm pretty sure this was not the alcohol talking . would i go out of my way to come here ? probably not . after a night at xs ? good chance .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was terriffic , my honey gushed over the scallops , and my meal was solid . the service was good , overall a great expereince . i deducted a star because if you are seated near the bar , you feel as if you are in a glorified chili 's . the back of the restaurant looked a bit more stylish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i stayed at the encore for our one year anniversary . we got in late friday night and did n't have reservations anywhere . when we were strolling through the wynn we noticed stratta and decided to put our name in . although it was an hour wait , we did some walking around , people watching and waited at the bar for the last 20 minutes . the wine is relatively priced and the bartenders were very attentive . once we were seated we had instant attention from our server . we ordered the calamari which was awesome ! they bring fresh bread and pesto that is to die for while you wait for your entree . i ordered the pepperoni thin crust pizza and my husband ordered the spaghetti bolognese . the pizza was incredible and my husbands pasta was delicious ( home made pasta ! ) . we would return in a heartbeat ! delicious food and outstanding service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a normal weeknight with my buddies . i looked at the menu , and i could not see the flat bread we ordered . we wanted a flat bread and a side of meatballs as an appetizer , and the waiter suggested we put meatballs on the pizza instead . it came out great . i love suggestions like that . as the main course , i had the pork chop . thick piece , cooked well . very juicy . the side of cherry peppers i could do without . they were not sweet , i could n't eat more than 1 , and there was about 20 on the plate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went back to stratta after a late night at xs for some late night drunken eats . service was much improved from my last visit , the waiter was very helpful . steak and eggs were excellent . and the meatball sandwich was great as well with the marinara sauce . would return based on this visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were staying at encore and needed a bite to eat - while cruising around encore then wynn , we saw stratta and decided to check it out . we both wanted breakfast food for dinner but did n't want to go a cafe for a muffin . stratta has a late night menu ( it was around 11 pm when my husband and i went ) . the restaurant was not that crowded , we ended up at a table where we can watch the people in the casino . food was phenomenal ! i ordered three eggs ( scrambled , came with yummy italian sausage and ciabatta roll ) and my husband ordered steak & eggs ( also came with ciabatta roll ) . we both were amazed at how good the food was . the only thing that lacked was the service . everyone was very friendly but it took a long time for our waitress to come to us after we 'd finished eating . - this seemed to be the theme we noticed at the restaurants in encore and wynn : great food , really slow service ( but friendly ! ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would put zero stars if i could . did n't eat the food on principle alone . my wife and i walked to the restaurant and asked for a table . it was 5pm and the hostess informed us that they do not open until 530pm and was asked nicely to return . when we returned at 530pm we were told that all tables were reserved until 7pm . this was the same hostess that asked we return at 530pm ! why did n't she tell us when we first got there at 5pm ? ! ! very bad service . we were told that bar seating was available for first come first serve . on principle , my wife and i did n't even bother staying . i definitely give this place zero stars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "review of the bar only stratta is swanky & cool to look at . but after you sit at the bar , order two measly shots ( albeit mix master concocted ) and discover you have a bill for $ 32 , you are reminded how overpriced vegas can be . suddenly , the fog & mirrors lift and you see how uncool that hustler really is . jerk .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the idea of a nice italian dinner before the night began sounded great . unfortunately , this place is a disappointment . the appetizers looked and were delicious ( buratta and salads ) . the entrees left an awkward silence . we got had . however this appreared to be the jam late night ... so maybe if i was really really drunk , on drugs , and ordered french fries ( can you fuck that up ? ) this place would be tight . till then i 'm goodie .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had the aubergine dish and it was very good and the portion was very generous . the side of fries with truffle oil.. delicious as well . my wife had the mussel plate and grilled chicken breast and loved it , she thought it was beautifully cooked . in fact , it was so nicely cooked and looked so juicy that i , a vegetarian , had to have a bite . it was the first piece of meat i had eaten in years ... it made me miss mr. chicken . overall , a reasonably priced restaurant with pretty good food and decor . i 'd recommend making reservations as it was pretty packed at dinner time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , great service , great wine , and close to the le reve theater . i really enjoyed our dinner at stratta . the atmosphere is unique , with all types of tree branch art work that is pretty cool . the wine list is deep , with bottles starting at around $ 60 . the menu has so many great choices , are party of four was each very pleased with their selection . i do recommend the lobster pasta it 's off the hook . if you are going to see le rive this is the perfect pre or post restaurant to hit up . i am not easily impressed , but stratta you wowed me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was great . we were greeted by the hostess with a welcoming smile . the servers were friendly and professional . the baked clam appetizers and arugula with warm goat cheese salad were very good . unfortunately , the wonderful aroma of the spaghetti and meatballs did not match the flavor . nothing exciting . the black bass was excellent . but the chorizo corn salsa that was paired with it was too overpowering and took away from the bass . overall a trendy and comfortable place that may be better suited for cocktails and appetizers before the show .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stratta has the best sangria ! ! yeah i have come here more times than i can count just for the sangria : ) okay onto the food ! i usually end up here after a long night of drinking and dancing at tryst nightclub and go for the steak and eggs . absolutely delicious ! homemade toast with sweet butter . perfectly marinated and cooked , juicy , yummy , melt in your mouth steak . and the eggs are decent , you ca n't really wow me with any eggs . service is decent and the hostess is always pleasant . i also like the atmosphere here too . great spot for drinks , a romantic dinner , or late night grub !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "actually they do have takeout . my wife lets me go to vegas alone , although ever since i retired i suspect she welcomes some time with me out of the house . she saw an article that mentioned the nutella-stuffed beignets and asked that i bring some home to la . so on my last night i called in a double order of them , drove to the wynn , valet parked , picked them up , and was back in my hotel in no time . the yummy donuts come with a cream dipping sauce , which i kept on ice for the trip home . of course she loved them . the hostess was very helpful and charming . the restaurant looked really nice - i think i 'll try it on my next visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food are little bit salty but the service is great . if you prefer something more special to try than buffet . stratta would be a not bad to try . i highly recommended the tata beef appetizer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "atmosphere : coffee shop-ish . right off the casino . great for late-night people-watching and snacks . food : burger . ca n't go wrong . service : fast & friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the meal here was pleasant and easy . i had reservations and the hostess took us right to our table . we sat down and had some cocktails and beer along with water . great brushchetta appetizer ! i ordered the baked lasagna which was delicious and my guest ordered vegetarian pasta . the best part of the night was the delish caramel apple tart dessert . i 've never had anything like it . go for drinks and dessert at least . prices are crazy high , but what do you expect for a restaurant at the wynn .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stratta has some of the most amazing italian food i 've ever tasted . they have this mushroom pizza with truffle oil that will melt your mouth and your heart . the wine selection is quite good as well . the ambiance is nice , not my all time favorite but definitely good and worth the trip for the impeccable service and food . i have tried most things on their menu as i have eaten there on several occasions and there is nothing i would steer you away from . but , i would strongly urge you to try anything on their menu that offers truffle oil ! which is n't hard since most things have truffle oil offered .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "during my stay in encore , i spent most of my time in the poker room across the hall from stratta . we 've decided to grab a quick lunch before picasso on a saturday afternoon around 2:30pm . the food was very good . we ordered a caesar salad , little clam linguine , and ice tea . food came out quick and the linguine was perfect with chopped clams and 8 whole little neck clams on top garnished with yellow and red tomatoes . cons : the service was slow . it took them 15 minutes to sit us down in a pretty empty restaurant . i had to request for bread and butter and water ice tea refills 2-3 times . overall , our bill came out to be about $ 35 dollars . it is a good place to grab a quick late night or lunch after hours on the poker table ! : d", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great pizza ! the salumi pizza was a bit salty , but that is the meats problem not the chef 's it was delicious ! the margherita was wonderful , perfectly cooked could n't help but eat it all . the calamari was very good , perfectly cooked with big portions and pieces ! i would recommend eating here for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped here after clubbing to pick up some pizza to go because my friends raved about the truffle pizza . we ordered 3 truffle pizzas which were ready in only about 15 minutes and let me tell you , slot machines help make the wait time that much less painful . unfortunately the pizza was just okay for me . granted , it was exactly piping hot since we had to walk back to the palazzo , but the real kicker was the size . the pizza boxes were probably about medium size , but when i opened the box , each pizza was probably the size of a sheet of paper ! for $ 18 each ! ! look the flavor was great , but almost $ 5 for a 4 '' slice of super thin pizza is kinda ridiculous . my friends were also surprised and said the pizza used to be bigger . who know i might be back . the pizza was good , but more of an appetizer snack-y deal than a meal ( especially a shared one ! ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best scallops i 've ever had in my life , and i 'm a very picky san franciscan when it comes to scallops haha . we arrived early for our reservation and turns out the reservation was lost ! we were upset about it , seeing it was my birthday and all , but the chef ( alex stratta ) himself came out and helped find a table for us . now that 's service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg , it 's incredible ! this is a casual alex , with a twist of alinea . go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall , food is ok good , but not sure if it 's worth the price . but then again ... .everything in the wynn is pretty pricey ... .so this is actually one of the less pricy restaurants in wynn with the romantic , dim-candlelight feel . appetizer : ordered the baked clams to share . basically breadcrumb-covered buttery clams . a bit on the savory side , but still a good dish to order . main course : shared the scallops & the meat lasagna . between the two , the lasagna was better ... .it was cooked well ( not overly soggy ) & the amount of cheese was perfect ... not too much . the scallops were good , but very standard ... .as in you could get the same flavor taste from any restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fabulous dinner ! the basil pesto that comes with the flatbread was a perfect start . my husband and i shared the calamari , which is perenially one of our favorite appetizers , but this was particularly flavorful and the accompanying sauce was zippy without being overwhelming . i ordered the goat cheese salad , which had plenty of fresh corn and avocado , while my husband had a caesar salad . for our entrees , i had the sea scallops ( very good ) and he had the linguine with clams to which he added some shrimp . it was a good thing we had reservations because even on a tuesday night , the place was packed . the service was excellent ; they were very attentive without being overbearing . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we dined here last monday before an early morning flight back to chicago ! they have a late night menu that extends until 6 am , which was a great option for us ! good food , and watching the still intoxicated post-clubbing crowd was highly entertaining . we really enjoyed the eggs and sausage and quatro formaggio pizza with pesto . i will come back just for this fabulous pizza ! service was a bit off . we were seated at the bar , as all of the tables were full . our bartender was not familiar with the menu or computer system , as this was not where he usually worked in the wynn . he was very nice , but it seems odd that the manager could not take a couple of minutes to familiarize him with the dining options ! highly recommend and will be back ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for a birthday as a party of nine . there was really nothing special about this meal . if i had to choose a highlight , it would be the sweet potato fries , but you can get the same at a lot of fast food places . of the party of nine , half of the group enjoyed their food , and the other half thought the flavors were nothing special or too strong . my very expensive marrow dish of some sort was very strong , which made for a good first bite , but made it impossible to finish . the restaurant is nice , but the fact that the entire restaurant runs along one of the main walkways to the casino makes it feel like it was squished in there and takes away from the ambiance . there is absolutely no value in this place . i would not recommend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrible service , terrible food combined with insane prices , what more do i need to say ? ? a glass of wine for $ 15 that should be $ 5 , a hamburger for $ 16 that should be $ 4 ? ? these people giving it four and five star reviews must be drunk after a night at the clubs in the wynn and encore !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a late night dinner at sratta . there was a line in a restaurant so we sat at the bar . service was fast and pizza extremely delicious . i had bosco pizza - wild mushrooms with truffle oil . i will be coming back for it over and over again . $ 16 price tag for it is reasonable for las vegas . highly recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "glad we found this spot bc i had been craving italian the entire day so we wen there and shared a plate of spaghetti n meatballs . very good and not heavy ... the only thing was weird is it did n't have much flava ! but i respect that bc i 'm southern and we add alot to our food . the wine menu was pretty good and our server was very cute and nice ! if i remember i 'd definitely go back to try that pizza they make in the wood oven thing", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried stratta back in may of 2011 and i was very pleased . my friend and i took my other friend here for his 21st birthday . the staff isfriendly , the place is fancy , the decor is modern and the food is good . i even approached the manager and told him that it was my friends birthday and he came over to the table with a surprise dessert , on the house . the menu is n't too expansive , that 's the only downside . other than that , it 's a good place to eat if you 're ever in vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love how they have late hours for a fancy place , but that 's about all i loved about it . my friend and i just got a pizza from here , which really was n't very good . it was good to curb my hunger , but that 's about it . basically , it seemed like it was pizza ingredients baked upon a tortilla and the ricotta cheese atop the pizza was terrible . wayyy too much cheese . i 'm pretty sure because of our cheapness , our table was the only one without a fiji water bottle on it . tap worked just as well .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "grade : f for ( no ) service came by at 5:00pm on friday night , was told that they open at 5:30pm and asked to return then . we walked around , came back at 5:30pm and the same hostess asked us whether we had reservations . we did n't , and she said they were booked until after 7:00pm . we totally understand being fully reserved , but why have us return at 5:30pm ? my husband was upset that they did n't tell us the first time we were there . i would expect better service from a wynn restaurant . we went to botero steak instead and had a great meal & fun time . so maybe i should have given stratta 5 stars for saving us the trouble of having to deal with their sub-par service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of my favorite restaurants in las vegas ! i love it when it was corsa because of the pappardelle cooked in a lobster broth and were a little disappointed when it became stratta and they took it off the menu but they made up for it with their toffee crunch chocolate cake ! the still have a lobster and shrimp pasta that 's good and their linguine with clams is always good too ! the service is great and super fast , but still relaxing and not rushed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've eaten here a few times during late nights in vegas because it tends to be one of the few places open at the wynn after midnight . let 's just say neither time was memorable for the right reasons . the first time there was still sand in the mussels and the second time the spaghetti and meatballs almost made me sick . this seems odd to me since alex stratta is the chef . if i were him i 'd drop either my name or this restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the servers were great to us and the food was very good . i had the scallops and they were perfect . not over cooked and the flavor was awesome . my wife had the cannelloni and said is was very good . i have a taste and the meat combination they added was really good . we did n't order anything else and the portions sizes were very good . not to much .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just came back from dinner here and it was really good . the wait staff was amazing and really was very helpful . my favorite thing on the menu was the dessert : bombolino - which is basically like a donut filled with nutella served with a hand whipped creme on the side . i would go back just to have that for dessert again ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only 3 stars because i 've been here twice and had two opposite experiences . 1st time it was at 1am this was my first place i went to in vegas . had their margarita pizza with their i believe ginger tequila cocktail . the drink was very tasty so was the pizza , also tried their wings which were good . the restaurant was busy but the service was spot on . 2nd time , the next day i had ordered their clam pasta . when i was eating it i felt i should of added mushrooms , i even added the pesto sauce to since it was so plain . my date had got the lasagna . he said it tasted like it was packaged frozen . i was wondering where the waiter was for a few times ... the second meal there was just annoying .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent for late night dining , but get there before the 3:30 am mad rush . about 2:30 am is the quiet before the storm since it is central to tryst & xs nightclubs . there are no other late night options aside from room service or the cafe across . i recommend these late night eats : pizza : bianca ( 5 star ) , salumi ( 3.5 star ) ; crispy thin crusts & 2 pizzas perfect for sharing for 4 hungry girls who danced the night away salad : goat cheese salad with pine nuts & corn ( 4 stars ) dessert : hot mini donuts ( beignets ) with nutella ooooooozing from inside with fresh whipped cream dipping sauce ( 5 stars ) server : philip ( 7 stars ) - for that time & the kinda crowd he was dealing with new year 's day ; he was excellent & attentive & was spot on in portions & options for 4 girls to share", "score": "3"}
{"review": "before we went to tryst ( club at the wynn ) , we walked passed stratta and remembered one of our friends was ranting and raving about their pizza , so we decided to try it out . luckily the wait for 6 people was only 30 minutes , but i would definately recommend making reservations . the service was great and the food was yummy . we ordered ... wood-fired pizzas : bosco - excellent salumi - good bianca - excellent salad : beef carpaccio - excellent ! ! sauce on the thinny sliced beef was delicious . crouton was just ok . pasta : pappardelle al ragu - the only fresh made pasta there . it was food . side : macaroni & cheese gratin - good , creamy . good for 2 people . wine : girard sov blanc - nice , crisp and refreshing row eleven pinor nior - nice , smooth wine with almost a clean finish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service and food were excellent . this was the first dinner of my vacation , and i made a great choice . as a restaurant owner who works seven days a week , open to close , i wanted to pick restaurants that excel in food , flavor and service . therefore , i was honored to be a customer , because they treated us like royalty . the staff was very attentive , they joked with us , and took time to talk to us about their restaurant . the food was very good . i had the filet with zucchini stuffed with riccotta cheese . my buddy had the potato gnocchi carbonara style . the dessert we chose was a sampler platter of five of their top selling desserts . great choice . definitely will be back next year !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! we had a warm goat salad , bruschetta , fusilli and crab , and crab crusted halibut . amazing ! ! drinks are expensive , but you are at the wynn . great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. john strickland is my chiropractor since i got a car accident , he 's very professional and warm personality , strong and have a great sense of humor , the only chiropractor i trust , i recommend him to all my coworkers , friends and family , his very good on what he does", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. john strickland has been my chiropractor for a while and there 's nobody else i would trust . not only is he great at what he does but he is one of the most caring people i know . i hate to drive and at minimum it takes me 30 to 35 minutes to get there and he is well worth it . as a matter of fact if i had to i would drive up to two hours to see him . i have recommended him to friends and family and would recommend him to anybody who needs a chiropractor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr john strickland is one of the best chiropractors i have ever been to . his great warm personality , true concern for you and skills is great and i feel much better after . his under graduate degree is in physical therapy and this definitely helps . he is n't close to me but it 's worth the drive . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we always have a great experience when we went from the scottsdale office located at 15000 north hayden road . we are able to rent a car locally by our house and then return it to the airport . the employees are always nice and pleasant . we will continue to rent from that location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a car accident and was told by state farm to rent from hertz as they have an agreement with them and i would get a `` discount '' the reservation was made , i picked up my car to rent and they must 've only had this one vehicle left . $ 22 a day , the vehicle was dirty . i noticed throughout the week my allergies were terrible when i was in the car and opened the back trunk area and it was covered in animal hair . i asked if i could return the car and pick up a new one . there was really no apology , i went to pick up my replacement vehicle and it was dirtier than the first one . very disappointed in hertz as i have rented several times in the past . i feel like they take advantage of the fact that it is an insurance rental . i still pay 20 % of the bill and i 've had a car for over two weeks . most likely will not rent from hertz again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used this hertz location when i needed to rent a car for about three days while my car was being repaired at ric 's body shop in scottsdale . i was very impressed with the customer service right from the get-go . they picked me up at the body shop and drove me back to their facility , and it was a quick process to fill out the paperwork and get me in a car and on my way . when i returned the car , the process was just as quick , and i was driven back to the body shop to pick up my repaired car by one of the hertz employees . i highly recommend this location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a great deal , aaa discount and the exact vehicle i was in need of . hertz makes good where expedia really dropped the ball on their part . good to know service with hertz in scottsdale rocks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible horrible horrible ! ! ! ! bad service and it is my wedding week and they have my rental away do n't ever go here ! ! ! ! so bad thanks for making what was suppose to be a fun great time for a wedding a horrible experience and stress on all . do n't ever go there ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "by far and away , the best rental station on the hertz national platform . this starts with great local leadership from the top down . the entire staff works extremely well together with the sole purpose of giving regular renters like me or vacationers the most comprehensive offerings of vehicle you could imagine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see that tony had a very bad experience at this hertz location . however , i have used this location twice now , both times on short notice due to my own car being in the shop . in my most recent rental , i had to change my return time twice due to the body work taking a little longer than expected . both of my experiences were very positive . at this time , this is my go to location for car rentals . i would recommend it to anyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i have a negative experience at a store , i just do n't post about it . i would rather reward good behavior than breed negativity . however ... as a result of the level of customer service and empty promises that resulted in an invoicing hassle , all stemming from this hertz location , i will completely avoid hertz corporation for all of my future car rental needs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had an appointment to get my stitches taken out . i did n't have to wait long at all . this location is smaller than most of the horizon locations . stitches did n't hurt at all . i went on my way and was there in and out in 20 mins .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "waiting over an hour and a half the first visit and two and a half for the second visit after being rescheduled ... . i 'm starting to think with all the laughter in the back ground they do n't care about other people 's time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "appears these guys can not manage their appt schedule . waiting over an hour yet again . time to find better service somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you make an appointment be prepared to wait at least an hour . they are always behind . they say 'we will be with you in a little bit . ' make sure to ask how long a little bit will be . they could at least offer free wifi . i 'm glad i only have to come 3 times a year . good luck to all who come to horizon", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was a fan until this morning ; a simple phone call really turned me off . i have been a customer for more than six years with horizon . i go every year like clock work for my annual exam and to purchase new glasses every other year . i called to get my pd and was told it would be $ 40 just for them to look at my chart and tell me what my pd is . that 's ridiculous ! technically it should be noted on the prescription that i have and it 's not . i just think it 's highway robbery just to look at a chart and tell me what my two digits are ... guess i 'll be measuring it myself .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i went to horizon about 3 years ago and had a great experience . i called to make an appointment , expressed which location ( pineville ) and we settled on an appointment . i received the reminder call today to tell me that my appointment was in huntersville , not pineville . i called back and yes , in fact the location was huntersville . i was on the phone over 20 minutes trying to get an appointment in pineville . i finally gave up and i 'm calling another provider covered in my network .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i rarely go out to have sushi . however , whenever i come to nagoya , it is to spend time with my mom for a bit of `` catch up '' time with her and it is the perfect place to do so . i have only been to their location on st catherine ouest but i love it . the food is amazing , their chairs are comfy and they have a couple of tables to offer you if you want to sit outside during the warmer months . we do n't usually have time to stay for longer than an hour ( lunch break ) so we choose their take away options and sit inside until it 's time to go . the staff is extremely kind . the one thing that is odd is that the one room washroom is very close to the service counter ... it 's a bit awkward . however , the entire area is very clean and sanitary . they have good prices for what you get and it is overall , quite the great place to enjoy a meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love sushi and this place is definitely one of my favorites ... delicious and super fresh ! have been going to nagoya since they opened and it is my go to sushi place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my absolute favourite place to eat ! sushi here is always good and fresh . if you go during lunch definitely try the sushi pizza special ( my go to ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "free coffee samples in the back of the store . they also have a wine tasting 2-4pm on saturdays , though i never tried it . i 've asked for wine recommendations and have gotten helpful advice . they have pepper soaps and warm wines ( wines that are supposed to be heated before served ) , chocolates of all kinds , gnocci , and fitness bread . they have a lot of marzipan . they have swiss knight cheese which comes in a handy circular container that you pull a thread to cut in half , and the cheeses are individually wrapped so you can take it on the go . i always end up spending more time in there than i thought i would , and getting something to nibble on throughout the day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is like a somewhat less expensive ( while still being a bit on the pricey side ) ten thousand villages , except without the fair trade . tons of cool looking stuff , from furniture to dishware , decor , cute stationery , neat soaps and lotions ... and then there 's the food section , more than half of which you would n't find in a typical grocery store ( brand and flavor-wise ) : chocolate , imported candy , a variety of coffees and teas , spices , pasta , fun soup mixes , and an asian food aisle . i 'd also add that the world market brand is a good one - especially their coffee and chocolate . join their free rewards program to get a free bag of coffee for every six or so you buy . they have a large wine section , too . world market is an awesome place to browse around in , even if you do n't end up buying anything . wish i still lived by one ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lovely little store . it has all kinds of nice items , but they tend to be a little pricey . lots of tasty international treats as well , you 're almost guaranteed to find something you 'll want to buy on a budget from $ 20 to $ 2000 . if you 're a beer wine aficionado ( i 'm not ) you 'll also have some fun here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has gone downhill.. when the store first came to the area it was a wonderful treat.. now it is plain and not a good value . their prices have gone way up . they had a wonderful food section but it is just ordinary now . the staff are not that friendly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this store is a personal favorite of mine , and a ne ohio gem ! 'wm ' has an excellent selection of imported and domestic hard to find culinary delights , delicacies and wines , including cookies , crackers , candies , chocolates , spices , smoked salmon , condiments , olives , spreads , pastas , chips , glazes , etc . they also have a selection of housewares that include small furniture , baskets , window shades , rugs , decorative trinkets , dried flowers , novelty and toy items , canned art , kitchen wares , etc . each time i go there , i feel like i am transported to some tropical island gift shop , and i feel obligated to walk up and down every aisle ! highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have huli-huli sauce ! ! it 's delicious and impossible to find outside of hawaii for a decent price . i love the wine selection and the .99 sodas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is by far my favorite store to casually shop in . they always have a huge selection of cool stuff . i like the jewelry and the scarves . this is the perfect place if you want to get a gift for someone but are n't sure what you want to get . i could spend hours in this place . recently we bought kitchen stools from this store . we got a great deal with the coupons from the world market explorer program . they also have a great selection of coffee and tea add well as international foods . i ca n't say enough good things about this place , if you have n't been there , just go , you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took system to pcsavants 602-492-3499 http : pcsavants.com and it was fixed within 2 days with a 6 month warranty . the gentleman repaired the damaged done by fix and play which consisted of a broken ribbon , broken clip , and the wire that ejects and loads the disk ( pulled separately from the board itself ) . priced very reasonably charged $ 50 . fix and play charged over $ 200 and never fixed the system . go to pcsavants if you want your system to actually work and not be taken advantage of . very honest and trustworthy individual . i will continue to take my systems and recommend pc savants to those who want a fair price and a working product . and no stephanie i am not the owner and this is a real review , just because he does n't have a big shop , does n't mean he is n't a good trusting person , he 's a very honest and skilled gentleman who was able to fix the damage a big shop did , so do n't be a hater on those who are hard working and honorable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our wii would not read any discs ... took it in and they had it fixed that day ! much cheaper than buying a new used one plus , all your data miis games are still there ! ! great job - quick & honest !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 8 year-old `` fatboy '' ps3 contracted the ylod . matt replaced the gpu and it seems to run cooler and better since . this is my go-to shop from now on . you 'll notice how organized the work area is and matt 's competence and professionalism .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ! we dropped our ps3 off today to fix an issue with the red blinking light . their site says you get your equipment back in 3 days , but most of the time within 24 hours . they called us not even 4 hours after we dropped it off saying it was fixed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "matt is an awesome tech . his response time , service and pricing are great . yes , he works out of his home but do not let that deter you . i have been using computers since the late 80s ( which means i have needed help and or repairs since then ) and he is better than any retail location i have ever used . he may not be in the center of town ( sun city ) but he is well worth the 5-10 mile drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my ps3 fixed there had the red light of death , took about 4 to 5 days to get it fixed , got a year warranty in that year i took back to him 2 other times for the same problem . the year is up and same problem happened again . paid about 140. i should of just bought a new one ... ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is out of a garage but his work is impeccable . he repaired my ps3 with the red light of death and warrantied it for a year . it did have the same problem 11 months later and he fixed it without any hassle what so ever . that was two years ago and my ps3 is still going strong . i have referred a few friends there and they loved his work and his prices . oh and stephanie , i 'm not the owner . lol !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "matt was great , professional and knowledgeable . would definitely recommend ! had issues w absvulcan fx380 shutting down , also squealing sounds . disk mode improperly set at factory , a reset should optimize performance for gaming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent and timely service . very reasonable price to upgrade from windows xp to windows 7..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ! i was not able to make changes to my pc because of some setting problems i could n't fix . thankfully he knew how to fix it , great job ! definitely returning if i have any further problems with my pc !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "matt was referred to me by my son . i needed soldering work done on a custom ergodox keyboard . he repaired the bad solders and completed the remaining ones in a super timely manner . absolutely fabulous service , excellent workmanship , speedy completion of the project , extremely reasonable prices . would recommend matt to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were on time . had an efficient crew . friendly . helpful . worked with our timeline and was really a good experience . price was in line with what i had figured . the best part was getting a crew out here when needed . i recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read other reviews but i had zero problems scheduling and they showed up exactly on time to remove my junk . def pricey but i had a lot and am glad it 's gone ! guys were polite too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience . my apartment is hard to find , but they cheerfully kept at it . their service was excellent , and they were respectful , professional and careful about what to take and what to leave -- i was downsizing and donating several items . could n't be happier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an all around positive experience from the begining . i received a call promptly after filling out an online interest form . the movers arrived on time , were very efficient , courteous and worked well together . for the amount of items i had , they were very diligent in being as fast as possible . i 'd use them again , for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a very good experience with these people . they arrived towards the end of the two hour window and called to let me know it would be closer to that time . they were courteous and professional . the best part was i did not have to lift a finger to get rid of a two drawer file cabinet , two heavy decorator mirrors and a sofa . the only reason i did not give them 5 stars was that they charged me an additional $ 20 over what i had been quoted . but i would use them again in a heartbeat . just make sure you get the charges agreed upon up front .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was very hard to get a hold of this company . we were looking for a last minute group that could move items about 300feet across a housing development . it was a very short distance but we do n't have a big enough vehicle . the price seamed high for what we were asking for them to move and how short the distance . i did end up having to call out of desperation of not knowing who else to call about 3-4 times to get a hold of someone but when i finally did it was smooth from there out . the guys arrived on time . they were very professional . moved everything very quickly and carefully wrapped all our furniture items . they moved everything to where it was supposed to be in the new residence in no time at all and i appreciate them being available with very little notice . even though the price was a bit high for a small move i think that with a larger move we may make in the future we would consider them again . they were dependable once i got them booked .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they were polite , clean , careful , and helpful . i would definitely use them again . ( john and collin )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easy to book , on-time arrival and quick service , with tracking all the way from initial reservation through e-receipt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had two separate jobs ; moving a rather large refrigerator and removing 165 yards of carpeting pads . the junk removal was completed quickly . the impressive thing about successfully moving the refrigerator was the challenging ( very tight clearance + 90 degree turn ) in my kitchen that they had to navigate . both the old one out and the new on in were completed without any mishaps or scratches to cabinetry . on top of it all , they were both very friendly guys ! good job was appreciated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience . i had to clear my house out quickly because of an unexpectedly fast offer and close . these guys took everything , swept up after , and even helped me take down a painting that was too heavy for me to manage by myself . the price was reasonable , and the team ( vinny was lead ) was friendly , professional , and great to work with . i definitely recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we scheduled our move over a month in advance . they emailed us today , 5 days before the move to cancel . no explanation was given . i called in and was told that the franchise was turned over and they are not set up to do a move yet . with only 5 days notice i now have to find a new set of movers because of this horrible company . go elsewhere . they did nothing to compensate us at all . seriously go elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a great experience from beginning to end . vinny and jacob were outstanding..totally efficient and professional . moved boxes out of mini warehouse to our home in an orderly fashion . highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "here is the email i sent to them after i tried the disc they had `` repaired '' . `` i just thought i 'd let you know that your service made the disk much worse . when i received it there were visible marks on the dvd that i swear were not there when i sent it in . the dvd rattled around in the cakebox on the return shipment so may have incurred additional damage that way . either your service is terrible or your machines do n't work . this dvd was a precious memory for my family . i would have gladly paid much more to have it repaired . now it is trash . your company should not do that to people . if you ca n't do a good job for what you charge , you should either raise your price or stop doing it . '' if you try them i sincerely hope that they do a better job for you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i sent azura five cd 's to remove the scratches . of the five , three were returned with scratches ( skipped music ) and one of the three had a song deleted . i sent two emails with no replies . beware ! karen from li , ny", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in addition to selling disc cleaning machines , azuradisc has the absolute cheapest mail-in disc cleaning service out there . i should also mention i was able to have a back and forth email conversation with an employee who always responded quickly and nicely . top it off with quantity discounts , easy steps for mailing , quick service , and report emails to let you know what is going on , and it is safe to say it does n't get any better than this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very impressed with the results i received from azuradisc . i inherited a pretty badly-scratched wii disc that , despite my attempts to clean it via some of the usual diy techniques , did n't bear any fruit . getting it buffed at a local video game shop also did n't fix the issue either since the scratches were too deep and superficial cleaning was not sufficient . what ultimately needed to happen was that the disc needed to be resurfaced- meaning a layer had to be taken off the top . this is where azuradisc hit the nail on the head . i sent the disc over to them and within a week ( amazing turnaround time since i 'm on the other side of the country from them ) they got it back to me , scratches gone and the disc looking flawlessly shiny . the game save info was intact and the disc played correctly without any errors . i got exactly what i paid for and the $ 5.63 was more than worth it . this company delivers and does the job you pay them to do . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only my second time ( first time was from the summerlin location ) and i 'm in love with their pizza ! it 's worth it to not buy delivery and just bake your own pie , and tends to be cheaper . i was a little scared that i 'd need a pizza tray to cook it right at home -- you actually cook the pizzas on the tray given , and if you follow the directions it will come out perfect each time ! i 've had their pan crust and thin crust ; both are delicious ! their salads are fresh , and their cinnamon wheels are sooo good . comes with real cream cheese frosting , which i enjoy : ) the employees were very friendly as well . i will definitely come back whenever i 'm in the mood for a good pizza . move over , papa john 's : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we decided to try it after receiving the flyer in the mail . i called ahead and it was ready when i arrived to pick it up . the owner and son where great and even gave me the nutritional information flyer when i mentioned that i was losing weight but decided to splurge . to my surprise the delite mediterranean was not a diet buster . i also picked up the cinnamon wheel . the pizza was awesome ! my husband said `` this is really good , i think we will try another kind tomorrow . '' as for the cinnamon wheel it exceeded my expectations and taste like a cinnabon . ten times better than the cinnapie ( at papa johns ) . i will be going back ! fyi it is a take-n-bake restaurant , which means they build it and you bake it ! love them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! what a great first experience ... i phone ordered and my two large pizzas were ready in ten minutes ! the directions were on the pizza and verbally explained to me in an efficient manner . both employees were extremely polite as well . but most of all oh ... my.. gosh ! the chicken bacon artichoke thin crust pizza is insanely good and now my absolute favorite pizza ever ! ! ! i highly recommend it , and i ca n't wait to return to papa murphy 's and try others !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love papa murphy 's . this is the only location i 've ever been to , and i miss it every day since i moved . toppings ! ! ! no shortage here . unique combinations such as the thai pizza , and options when it comes to crust sauce cheese . the vegetarian pizzas are delicious , both the thin and thick crust options . you may already be aware , but this is a take home and bake spot , which is very convenient if you 're planning on pizza but want to pick it up early in the day . they prepare it in front of you , unless you order pick-up . they also have a kids option in which they package the toppings and provide a kids size pizza to build at home with your little one . fun ! and delicious . this location has super friendly and attentive service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i knew of this place prior to moving to vegas as they had them in oregon where i grew up . always been a huge fan as the pizza is as fresh as you could probably get without making it yourself . and you do n't have to worry about the dreaded possibility of it showing up cold via delivery as you bake it at home . it 's definitely worth it to call in ahead and have them make it for you since by the time you get there it will be ready and you 're in and out . they also have a ton of great sides and other items to compliment the pizza 's like the cinnamon wheels , cheesy bread sticks , smores pizzas , salads , cookie dough etc . i was excited when they built this location as it 's closer to my home area ( nellis afb ) and the one i had to drive to prior was the one on craig decatur . hands down love me some papa murphy 's , their stuffed pizzas are our favorite !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "veteran owned and operated . my son has food allergies and this is a great option taste and $ wise for him to indulge his love for pizza ! they always remember us- gluten free crust with no cheese : ) i am thankful for their kindness ( always ) , great service and delicious pizza . we love you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love , love the family that owns this store . very kind and funny . quick orders are made . our fave pizza place ! laurie and john", "score": "5"}
{"review": "glad to have this pizza `` to go '' joint in the neighborhood . they just opened in may 2012 , and i got one of their grand opening special prices for a large pepperoni . they got one of the most important things right : excellent quality cheese and plenty of it ! the sauce was very good , but just a little too spicy . the regular crust i had was very nice . next time , i might try the thin crust , but i will definitely be a regular as long as the quality is there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm hooked on the cowboy pizza and the cinnamon wheel ! : ) yes it is a take and bake place , but the quality is great ! i wish they sell dipping sauce for the pizza . do the survey ( on the menu paper that they put inside the pizza ) and you can get free items ( ie cinnamon wheel ) on your next purchase : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean , and fast service.i 'm a repeat customer.will make sure you are satisfied.fresh ingredients are used for satisfaction guaranteed.love this place better than some of the top pizza chains , and it 's cheaper .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you do n't mind cooking your own pizza , this place is great ! fresh ingredients and a nice staff . i believe on tuesday you can order any type of pizza that you want for $ 10 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "aweful customer service . im only giving a 2 because the cashier was very friendly . ill never go back here and sad to see this is veteran owned and operated because i myself am a veteran and my best friend and i were treated like garbage by a caucasian man with eye glasses . my friend accidentally forgot her new card at home and could n't figure out why her card kep t declining . so the sweet cashier offered to run it as credit and than the man with glasses snapped at the cashier `` not to run it because it would n't read any different '' so i paid for the food and my best friend left in tears after being humiliated in front of 2 other employees . we will not be returning to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the last one left in vegas . there used to be several , but they all went away . for the money , a great place to pick up a fresh pizza for a family dinner or a casual night with friends . mind you , you have to bake it yourself , but that 's not an inconvenience for a pizza this good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time today and i must say not bad . first off great customer service . pretty simple if you know how to read for the instructions . oh yeah and the cinnamon wheel oooooee", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty good . i like the idea of taking it home and baking it fresh . i ordered the stuffed chicken bacon pizza . i like being able to watch them make my pizza . they prepped it all in about 4-5 minutes . taste was good . but it tastes more like a homemade pie , rather than from a restaurant . i attribute that mostly to the baking method . they get extra points for being super friendly and giving a military discount . i 'll definitely try them again to see how their other crusts and pizza combinations pan out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! i had originally heard of papa m 's when i was in college . i thought the concept was ridiculous . why not just buy a frozen pizza from the grocery store or go to pizza hut ? i finally decided to give it a try when a new location was built near my house . armed with a coupon , i indulged on some of the best pizza i have ever eaten . the ingredients are fresh , and the crust is probably the best ever . i 'm here a couple of times of month . you can build your own pizza or choose from one of the menu items . i 've had just about ever type of pizza . my favorite is the chicken bacon artichoke on thin crust with red sauce . perfection ! the owners are extremely nice and helpful . definitely my go-to spot for pizza !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "never had this pizza before . went in feeling like i might be overwhelmed but the woman at the front counter was helpful . i ended up getting two pizzas to try . garlic chicken with green onions and a pepperoni . they were a bit pricy , but once baked , delicious . i think a coupon is necessary when getting papa murphys . but as a special treat it 's great . the air bubbles were a bit large in both pizzas , i do n't know how to avoid those . anyway ... both pizzas were really good . i 'm not normally a left overs type of person , but i definitely took the garlic chicken pizza with me to work for lunch the next day . yummy . edit : should 've checked my locations before posting a review . i accidentally posted this review first for a different store . silly me . apologies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the is by far the best pizza i 've had in las vegas . it was so jucy and hot that i ate 2 slices ... and them suckers are huge ! go carbs ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "papa murphys is one of my favorite pizza places . after moving to north las vegas from the bay area i found a papa murphy 's on lossee road . not only is the pizza fresh and delicious the service is friendly and the chocolate chip cookie dough makes wonderful cookies ! i went there on monday ( 7 10 ) and the nice man working there even opened the door for me when i was leaving ! great service , great pizza !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "employees are always friendly , store is always clean and food is always cheap . this is a take and bake pizza place so you will be cooking this stuff once you get home . my only gripe is that the pizzas never seem to turn out the same . sometimes we can get them perfect but other times they are either burnt or undercooked . the last pizza we got from them the center just would not cook until the outer part was burnt . overall though i like this place and will return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have to say hands down the best customer service i 've seen in awhile . i go to this location at least once or twice every two weeks . an the same amazing customer service i get each and every time . plus the amazing pizza..life time customer right here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "consistently good . they send out coupons randomly too . we are a fan of the stuffed pizzas . the desserts are good too . we pass on the salads only because they are small and not really worth the price , you 're better off stopping at smith 's and getting a fresh salad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's pretty good pizza ... we got the stuffed 5 meat ... $ 14 no tax ... not bad , hope you calculate your stove time 's properly ... if your hungry make sure you pre heat your oven before you pick up the pie ... i am not sure why they are n't cooking these pizza 's ... at least offer you a `` choice '' ... it 's like selling tire 's without putting on the rims ... go figure ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pizza s good . i like the fact that it is made on the spot and you customize it to your liking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sometimes , you just get lucky . we discovered papa murphy 's on losee by accident and have been hooked ever since . the great people who own and work there are former air force ... .what 's not to like about that ? and , they make the most delicious pizza we have ever tasted . whenever brother bill visits from summerlin , we have to get the family size , so we have some left over for breakfast . if it 's just pat and me , she limits us to the large . i do n't like it , but we still have some left for breakfast . pat , steve and brother bill", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to papa murphy 's way back when they first opened . the location is always clean which is very important to me if this is where my food is coming from . they have a text club where you can receive coupons and deals as they are offered . the pizza is delicious if you have a little extra time to bake it yourself at home . this also ensures that your pizza tastes fresh and adds to the experience in my opinion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was built by my house and when hubby and i went to try it we loved it ! we were one of those first time customers that was confused when we got to the end of the line and given a uncooked pizza haha . we took it home baked it and it was amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go to this location quite often , it 's great to call ahead pick up on the way home and bake when ur ready for dinner . service is always great , even when i add and subtract all kinds of stuff . but man oh man the smores pizza is delish !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to this location of papa murphy 's on many occasions and love it . the staff is always friendly and the pizza is always great . the ingredients are fresh , they make it and you take it home and bake it . i always call ahead and they will have it waiting for you to pick it up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is only a temporary review . we stopped on to sit a grab a quick bite to eat while getting our car serviced to our disappointment is was take out only ! so we did n't get to eat there . the decor was nice and the store was super clean ! looking forward to trying it out when we are not on the run !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the option of fresh take n bake pizza . grew up with glad to see one in las vegas ! they are the best pizzas ! so many options for such a great price !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my go to pizza place . its about half the price of papajohns or pizzahut ( eww ) and it tastes a lot fresher too . they are always sending out coupons so i can feed a family of 6 for about 20 bucks . the older gentlemen who works here is so nice ! but the younger gentlemen always act like im bothering them when i order , they never say hello or anything . but other than that i love this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love papa murphy 's anyway but i really dig the customer service at this location . the owner is about to be retired military and he 's a real nice guy . dominique was very nice too . ca n't complain about a military discount either . the place was suuper clean and comfortable . update - i wrote this edit forever ago but never came online and finalized it so i 'm not sure if it 's still the same and i 'm sure the owner probably retired since then . i moved but if i lived closer i would check it out and update the review for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! best family owned pizza shop in the area . it 's a bit more expensive then chains , but that 's because it 's family owned and you get quality . if you get a deluxe pizza , usually the dough is all soggy and greasy . not at all here . they have more than just pizza . their wings are great , salads as well as garlic bread . you know how most pizzas never have enough cheese ? not here . they 're not shy with toppings . i love eating cold pizza and you can eat this cold as well . they also have soda and chips and subs . they deliver and you can pick up . there is no eating place inside here . when you call and order , ask for specials . there is always a special .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our go to place for sheet pizzas and take out . friendly and accommodationing . quality each time , rare to find a non chain pizza place that nails it each time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time trying it . we ordered a variety of things to try . hawaiian , supreme pizza and stromboli were delicious but we were n't too fond of the garlic parmesan wings . ordered extra crispy , but they were not done enough for our liking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our office orders pizza from this place all the time . we love the pizza , salads and subs . great prices , diverse menu . their sauce is delicious . and the owners are very friendly . could n't ask for better or more from your neighborhood pizza joint ! ! keep up the good work jj 's ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quick delivery . tasty pizza and wings . budget price . we will call again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great pizza , solid price . the topping were great and fresh , the crust was crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside . definitely hit the spot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "5 stars for the tom kah soup ... it was the best i 've ever had . after starting with a winner i had very high hopes for the main dishes of pad thai and red curry with chicken . something was missing in both dishes . in the pad thai , based on its consistency , i believe that they did n't stir fry the noodles with the sauce . i think they cooked them separately and the mixed them together . it made a difference . the red that curry was not coconutty enough ... actually i could n't taste any coconut milk . very disappointed in the main dishes but i would go again just to have the amazing soups ! they seemed popular with the clientele .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hier hats uns super geschmeckt ! wir hatten gl\u00fcck , ohne reservierung ein tischchen zu ergattern . der service war aufmerksam und sehr freundlich , die vorspeisen ( frittierte thai-w\u00fcrstchen und scharfer papayasalat ) superlecker . auch die beiden hauptgerichte haben uns sehr gut geschmeckt . das ambiente ist einfach und gem\u00fctlich , keine spur von automaten oder karaoke-tv ( ok , eine wandhalterung war zu sehen ) . die preise sind auf angenehm niedrigen niveau ! also da gehen wir bald wieder hin ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehr authenthische thai k\u00fcche mit freundlichen gastgebern ! vielf\u00e4ltige karte und gute portionen ! preislich sehr gut ! allerdings war das bestellte gegrillte h\u00e4hnchen nur frittiert , schade . aber sonst top , kommen wieder ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "leidlich thail\u00e4ndisch eingerichtet , mit bambusdecke und orangen w\u00e4nden , st\u00f6rend allerdings die spielautomaten und das ewig laufende karaoke-video . die bedienung war freundlich . das essen fand ich ganz in ordnung , aber nichts besonderes . die thail\u00e4ndischen fr\u00fchlingsrollen ( 3,5 ) waren lang und d\u00fcnn , nicht die standardware aus der gefriertruhe , ganz gut . das lachsfilet mit rotem curry ( 8,80 ) war angenehm scharf , die zwei lachsschnitten lecker . allerdings h\u00e4tte ich gerne noch etwas gem\u00fcse dazu gehabt . daf\u00fcr gab es einen gro\u00dfen berg reis .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nettes lokal , sehr leckere asiatische gerichte , netter empfang , effiziente bedienung ... immer lecker dort und preiswert ! ein geheimtipp f\u00fcr stuttgart", "score": "5"}
{"review": "f\u00fcr mich immer noch der beste , auf jeden fall der authentischste thai in stuttgart . lek selbst ist nur noch selten vor ort seit sie ihr zweitrestaurant er\u00f6ffnet hat , aber auch die bedienung war sehr nett und zuvorkommend . f\u00fcr kenner und liebhaber der echten ( sehr aromatischen und scharfen ) thaik\u00fcche ist die gerberstrasse die bessere adresse . die filiale in der neckarstrasse ist sch\u00f6ner eingerichtet und deutlich gr\u00f6\u00dfer , daf\u00fcr ist mir das essen dort zu sehr `` eingedeutscht '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bestes thai-food in stuttgart . breite auswahl auch an sehr ungew\u00f6hnlichen , aber umso leckereren gerichten . besonders empfehlenswert : laab , som tam mit ferment . krabben und fisch , die riesengarnelen ( 500 gr . ) mit pfeffer und knoblauch , die bo taek und dann noch alles thaischarf und man ist auf wolke 7 . den klebreis nicht vergessen sehr freundlicher service durch frau lek . wer authentisch thai essen will , mu\u00df da hin !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "suche schon l\u00e4nger authentisches thail\u00e4ndisches essen in dieser region und bei so vielen positiven berichten dachte ich , f\u00fcndig geworden zu sein . war leider selten so entt\u00e4uscht . die atmosph\u00e4re wird durch das schreckliche tv musikangebot absolut ruiniert . das tom yam gung lie\u00df mich das kurzer zeit vergessen , aber mitten im genu\u00df wurden uns die hauptgerichte etwas lieblos vorgesetzt . wir a\u00dfen beide curry ( einmal gr\u00fcn und einmal rot ) und es schmeckte in beiden f\u00e4llen nicht einmal so gut wie das aus dem glas vom bioladen : v\u00f6llig fad , gar nicht scharf und mit einer dicken schicht von \u00f6l bedeckt von raffinesse keine spur . objektiv gesehen ist das lokal nicht teuer , aber f\u00fcr das , was wir bekamen , schon . aufmerksam bedient wurden wir auch nicht wir m\u00fcssten die kellnerin sogar holen , um nicht zu sp\u00e4t ins theater zu kommen . schade ! die suche geht weiter .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "haben einen tip bekommen , dass man hier sehr gut thail\u00e4ndisch essen kann . also sind wir nat\u00fcrlich hin . von au\u00dfen wirkt es nicht wirklich einladend , eher wie eine kneipe . ein paar stufen hoch und ab ins lokal . hier war es sehr gut besucht und fast alle tische waren reserviert . wir wurden sehr nett von der kellnerin begr\u00fc\u00dft und hatten gl\u00fcck den letzten freien tisch zu bekommen . das lokal ist relativ klein und sehr angenehm eingerichtet ( zum gl\u00fcck nicht kitschig ) . die speisekarte ist sehr umfangreich und ist sogar mit photos der einzelnen gerichten . wir hatten zur vorspeise papayasalat und thail\u00e4ndische w\u00fcrstchen . da ich mich nicht wirklich entscheiden konnte f\u00fcr ein hauptgericht , hab ich prompt eine empfehlung bekommen von der kellnerin . wir hatten schweinefleisch nach isaan art und die empfehlung meeresfr\u00fcchte gebraten und dann dampfgegart . alle gerichte waren superlecker und wenn man wollte auch sehr gut scharf . wenn viele einheimische im lokal sind , kann man gut davon ausgehen , da\u00df das essen sehr authentisch ist . so war es hier so . wir werden sicher wieder kommen und weitere leckerei ausprobieren .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lek 's bistro hat etwas leicht d\u00fcsteres , kneipenartiges . es wurde mehr schlecht als recht versucht , das vorg\u00e4ngerlokal umzudekorieren . diese leichten anfangsirritationen gehen aber schnell vorbei , sobald das essen auf dem tisch steht , denn das \u00fcberzeugt . wir waren zweimal dort und haben unterschiedliche gerichte gekostet . das gem\u00fcsecurry war sehr gut . beim zweiten mal hatte ich die fischb\u00e4llchen , welche leider entt\u00e4uschend waren . alle anderen gerichte haben aber soweit \u00fcberzeugt , dass ich lek 's gerne noch ein weiteres mal besuchen werde . die preise sind nicht g\u00fcnstig , aber der qualit\u00e4t entsprechenden in ordnung .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nachdem wir zu zweit im februar aufgrund einer empfehlung eines kollegen bei frau lek vorbei gingen , hatte es uns gut gemundet und haben daher diesmal 4 weitere kollegen mitgenommen . als vorspeise hatte ich die fischk\u00fcchlein , eine tom ga kai suppe und f\u00fcr alle ihren ber\u00fchmten deftigen gurkensalat bestellt , der allerdings aufgrund seiner sch\u00e4rfe nix f\u00fcr zarte gem\u00fcter ist ; ) sowie als hauptspeise ein rotes thaicurry . die speisen schmeckten allen vorz\u00fcglich und das lokal darf gewiss als geheimtip bezeichnet werden . es liegt auch nicht an einer hauptgasse , sondern eher abseits . das lokal ist standardm\u00e4ssig sehr gut besucht , diesmal hatte es weniger g\u00e4ste gehabt , wohl wegen einem wichtigen fussballspiel und der sch\u00f6ne tag liess die leute auch eher draussen verweilen . wie immer wurden wir wie andere g\u00e4ste auch , h\u00f6chstpers\u00f6nlich von frau lek bedient , die sehr freundlich ist und auch geduldig auf die einzelnen w\u00fcnsche eingeht . wir waren alle sehr zufrieden gewesen , werden sicher wiederkommen und das lokal auch weiterempfehlen . die speisen sind nicht eingedeutscht bzw . verwestlicht , sondern so wie man thail\u00e4ndische k\u00fcche erwartet . die preise sind auch angemessen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lek ist die thailandische k\u00fcche treue geblieben und kocht hervorragende gerichte aus dem isarn . das laab ist das beste weltweit , jedoch vorsicht : kann scharf sein . bestes thai food in stuttgart aus meiner sicht und diese meinung teilen viele die thailand ausserhalb der touristischen routen kennen . unkompliziertes lokal , einfache deko , freundliche atmosphere und angenehme preise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mein lieblingsthailokal in stuttgart . da ich lange in thailand gelebt habe , ma\u00dfe ich mir an sagen zu k\u00f6nnen , wie authentische thai-k\u00fcche schmecken sollte . hier passt alles . das ambiente mit karaoke wirkt auf den europ\u00e4er an sich sicherlich ungew\u00f6hnlich und vielleicht sogar unsympathisch , allerdings gibt es f\u00fcr die thais fast nichts sch\u00f6neres , als essen und karaoke . das essen ist gro\u00dfartig . es gibt auch ( sehr zu meiner freude ) einige gerichte aus dem isaan ( dem nordosten thailands ) , die f\u00fcr den deutschen geschmack sicherlich gew\u00f6hnungsbed\u00fcrftig sind , aber traumhaft lecker schmecken und durchaus authentisch sind . mein absolutes favorite ist zup noi mai , ein bambussalat mit zwiebeln und fischsauce . ein traum , nur sollte man danach niemanden mehr k\u00fcssen : die preise hier sind absolut in ordnung , die portionsgr\u00f6\u00dfen angemessen und es wird auch auf sonderw\u00fcnsche eingegangen . mein fazit : immer wieder , weil fast wie zuhause :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ja passt . preislich ok , geschmacklich gut bis sehr gut . portionen nicht riesig . suppe war sehr gut . reis fand ich bisschen wenig , aber gut h\u00e4tte man nachbestellen k\u00f6nnen ... passt alles !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "irgendwie toll , aber leider in der qualit\u00e4t etwas schwankend . mein favorit ist der fisch !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "auf jeden fall authentische thai k\u00fcche und gem\u00fctlich . preise sind absolut ok , wof\u00fcr das personal letztendlich 'leiden ' muss . aber f\u00fcr sparf\u00fcchse ist das gut . ich war schon eine weile nicht mehr dort , schwachpunkt ist die musikqualit\u00e4t , aber darauf kommt 's ja nicht unbedingt an , wenn man nur einen netten abend verbringen m\u00f6chte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehr leckeres essen und super freundliche bedienung . ich bin ein riesenfan der asiatischen k\u00fcche !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "zuf\u00e4llig habe ich in der innenstadt in der gerberstra\u00dfe ( hinterausgang von computer arlt ) dieses schnucklige thai restaurant entdeckt . in meinen augen geh\u00f6rt dieses thai lokal zu den besten in baden w\u00fcrttemberg und auch zu den preiswerteren . das teuerste gericht ( fisch ) kostet hier nur 15,50 euro . alles was ich hier bisher gegessen habe schmeckte sehr lecker . die chefin kocht in diesem restaurant noch selbst und es ist alles ein bi\u00dfchen famili\u00e4r . ich habe das restaurant jetzt auch unter http : www.stadtmagazin.com gefunden . hier findet man bilder vom lokal und die speisekarte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was super cool . they 've got a wall full of different candle scents that range from the traditional fruits and flowers to the nontraditional such as buttered popcorn or fresh cut grass . it 's amazing how they were able to perfectly mimic some of the scents . might i suggest the beer-scented candle for that special someone in you life who loves the smell of a frat basement ? the candles cost $ 12 a piece or 2 for $ 10 eeach if you 're buying in pairs . if you 're interested in a personalized touch , they have a candle bar where you can create your own candle with a combination of your favorite scents . this is definitely a great date idea . it will cost you approximately $ 20 each depending on the jar you choose . you 'll also have to find something else to do for an hour and a half while your creation sets . fortunately , there are loads of other local shops , bars , and restaurants around to keep you busy in the meantime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why did n't i know about this place ? i feel a bit silly , i eat at tommy 's and shop at big fun all of the time and i 've never even walked into this store . first off . painting and candle making nights with byob for $ 35 . what ? you get to make a candle of your choice and create a beautiful painting , bring your own booze all for $ 35 bucks . not only that . but they have a candle scent bar . a candle scent bar ! i 'm seriously in heaven . i ca n't wait to come back and create some awesome scents and masterpieces . the staff was amazing and the shop is so adorable ! ! i picked up a lavender fields candle tonight . i ca n't wait to burn it . check it out ! make your own candle and create a beautiful painting , byob all for $ 35 . sounds like an awesome night to me . yisss !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so this is a place where your imagination can run wild . not only do they have hundreds of scents to excite your senses , if you ca n't find one that is right for you ... create your own ! ! any combination , whatever ratio you choose , and it 's fun ! ! the knowledgeable staff is there with helpful suggestions , but ultimately , your the boss . while the candles are potent and true to their aromatic namesake , they are still subtle and never overwhelming . they have also branched out into bath products including these fragranced , effervescent , bath bombs that will delight your senses and leave your skin feeling silky smooooth ! ! this is simply a fun place to spend some time and explore the joys of personalized aromatherapy . a wonderful store in a unique neighborhood . do not pass this place without `` sniffing '' around a bit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who knew making your own candle could be so much fun ! in summary , the first step is to go around and smell their over 100 amazing different scented candles and pic your favorites , then an employee makes suggestions on what goes best together , you smell all the oils together and once you find a combination you like , blend the oils . you pick your own glass jar to put your candle into ( also we were told you can bring your own and save a few $ ) . you then add wax and oils and then has to harden dry for about an hour . we had such a fun girls day making candles and walking around local shops afterwards !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we attended a candle and paint night at this location . seemed a decent deal for both a custom made candle and a canvas paint instructions . staff and instructor were attentive and helpful . cute store with tons of candle scents to choose from .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i normally do n't enjoy sundae bars and had n't had frozen yogurt in many years , but after dinner , we stopped in for dessert while attending the local arts festival and were both pleasantly surprised . my cake batter yogurt was silky , creamy paradise that entranced me as i dispensed it into a large cup and did so even more as i savored each spoonful . the toppings came off as fresh to me , and for my diy sundae included cheesecake cubes ( ! ) , reese 's peanut butter cup fragments , raspberries ( very fresh ! ) , and some other good , good , junk i ca n't call up at the moment . and our sundaes combined cost less than $ 8 . i 'm sure they could use some hot fudge and even more quality in terms of `` fixings , '' but overall , happy berry left us ... happy . besides , the yogurt is tasty enough naked . fill 'er up , weigh in at the scale on the counter , and just relish some fine frozen dairy product while summer 's still with us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the store is colorful and well lit . my family and i ordered bubble tea ( they also have frozen yogurt ) . the smoothie bubble tea is a mixture of real fruit and the froyo , which was a pleasant surprise ! the boba itself was mediocre and the black milk tea was mediocre as well ( i would not recommend getting the black milk tea ) . the employee who helped us make the bubble teas seemed a bit unhappy at first , but then he warmed up towards the end and was friendly ! i 'd probably come here again to try their smoothie bubble tea and their froyo .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so , i honestly ca n't believe a place so shabby is located on walnut street . the place was cheap looking , the frozen yogurt did n't taste very good . it was obviously cheap . they also only had 4 or 6 available flavors on the wall . the rest you have to ask for - which defeats the purpose . the toppings bar lacked anything fun or fresh and i was n't impressed with just a hershey 's chocolate syrup bottle to choose from . i wo n't go back here and i do n't recommend anyone else to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bad reviews be damned , i am a happy berry fan . the taro flavor alone keeps me coming back . i agree with some of the other posts- the toppings could be a little fresher , and perhaps the owner ( i assume ? there 's only ever been one guy there every time i 've gone ) could be a little friendlier , but the pricing is reasonable and the yogurt is delicious . it 's pay-by-weight and yes , a few flavors are not available as self-serve , but i have never been disappointed . plus it 's open until 10:30 pm on weekdays in the summer . yes , please !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall , my experiences have been good . as noted in the other reviews , you do need to ask for special flavors , but they have a variety of toppings and the toppings are fresh . i think they must have lowered prices since they first opened , because on my first visit i remember thinking it was pricy but did n't have that impression on my last two visits . the cashiers are friendly and there is usually seating available inside . as the weather gets warmer , i 'm sure i will be back often and will post any updates i have .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the shop and bathroom did n't strike me as the cleanest -- i checked the paint splashes on the bathroom sink , and they were wet ( ? ! ? ) . i hope the toppings were kept cold enough ( one star for fresh berries and fruit ! ) . i 'm not sure why some of the flavors are kept in the back . i guess it 's nice for east asian expats to have the menu in mandarin ( taiwanese ? ) . i 'm afraid we wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "c'mon , guys . we visited 45 minutes before the closing time on the front door , and twice the gentleman behind the counter told me , `` it 's because we 're almost closed . '' the first time was in response to my complaint that my yogurt was dispensed half-melted . the second time was in response to my questions about whether there were any fruit toppings . yes there are , but we 're almost closed . so i settled for some chocolate-y toppings ( find ) and some mochi . and the mochi was more like mini marshmallows than true mochi . price is $ 0.47 oz , and somehow came out to a whole lotta money per person . overall , it just was n't a very welcoming environment . i live around the corner , i love froyo , and i have no plans to come back . two stars instead of one because my sweetie took me there and i want to believe that i had a moderately good time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i loved this self-serve frozen yogurt place . they have toppings for miles and for all i got it was inexpensive . the yogurt was excellent and creamy and they have a bunch of different flavors .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . cute and sweet . bright and warm . i really enjoyed strawberry flavored sorbet ( dairy-free ) and ice cream with fresh toppings ( sliced strawberries , banana and chocolate crispy roll ) . one more thing is here . a girl standing at the counter was so nice . i would like to visit again soon : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little fro-yo place . its kinda small and there 's not a lot of flavor options but it 's got the standbys like vanilla , chocolate , and a few fruity ones . there 's always fresh fruit out , even when it 's later in the day and close to closing . a good mix of topping options too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my go to at happy berry is either original or strawberry fro-yo loaded with mochi ( which is a big yes for me and not all places in the area have it like tutti frutti in squirrel hill ) , fruit and maybe some other toppings . and it always does the trick for me when i need a little bit of sweet . while you do need to request special flavors behind the counter and the decor may be bright , i 'm glad i can walk a few blocks to get my happy berry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't be so mean . especially for that guy who said their toppings are not fresh . they must be paid by other frozen yogurts business . in my opinion , they do have many choices and fresh toppings , and their frozen yogurt taste just like razzy fresh , you know you cant tell differences about the taste because they all have about the same ingredient . the only downside is you have to ask when you want special flavors , that seems like they want to cut expense on the machine , but they do have that flavor you want ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was an okay experience . the yogurt was okay but the workers management were awkward . there was no music so it was yogurt in awkward silence save for the people with me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't have too much to say here , but i think the quality of the yogurt was a bit disappointing for me . plus , the mixers and the yogurt stations were messy and did n't look very appetizing", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'll be honest , after eating a delicious meal nearby , coming here was pushing the limits of my stomach . only six flavors to choose from that you serve yourself , if the other flavors interested you , you had to ask for them . which kind of makes you not want to ask for them in the first place . how can someone else decide when enough is enough for you ? the flavors i got did taste amazing however . the toppings were a nice selection of sugary goodness and healthy fruits . it was hard to make a good balance because it all looks good as a topping . $ .44 an ounce is n't so bad either , can keep you in check if you 're watching what you eat . i think the most fun is choosing a spoon , they 're all neon colored .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really wanted some sort of dessert to kill my craving and this did not satisfy . the place seemed dirty , the cashier was unfriendly , and there were very limited options . only a couple of frozen yogurt flavors with minimal toppings that looked like they had been sitting out for days .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "frozen yogurt is tough . picking the right flavor combo is more than half the battle , and not something you can blame on happy berry if you get it wrong . ready for a recommendation ? i just had an insanely delicious concoction of taro and mango froyo ( the taro was phenom ; the mango was good but not great ) with fresh mango and white chocolate chips . i basically guarantee you 'll love this place if you end up with all of that in a cup . happy froyo'ing ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a very standard build-your-own froyo experience . a lot of bad reviews , but i made my dessert , paid , and ate it as i walked home . i would have liked to see my favors in house . there were machines that were not being utilized .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we just moved to the neighborhood and have enjoyed walking to berry happy twice now . the hours are great , the flavors excellent , and the toppings are generous and varied . but the price is the best . we moved from nyc where we had our choice of fro yo places and lived a couple blocks away from a pink berry . this place here in shadyside rivals the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure what everyone is so mad about ! this tastes like every other frozen yogurt place i 've tried . nothing to write home about . nothing bad . it had the standard toppings and standard yogurt flavors . i did n't realize that `` green tea '' flavor was by request only because i did n't read the sign . but whatever -- they can only keep so much in the machines at once . at least they make the other flavors available . i had original ( which is usually my first choice anyway ... unless there 's green tea ! ) . they had lychee , chopped almonds , coconut shavings , and fresh mango . all the stuff i like . i was happy . price was good . owner probably speaks limited english so cut him a break !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "finally a fro-yo place in shadyside ! not that i would ever mind walking driving to razzy fresh in sq . hill or oakland , but always great to know that fro-yo is just a few blocks away ! this place has the standard razzy-esque fair with my fave toppings - cheesecake and brownie bits . i am odd about my fro-yo - only tart yogurt with dessert-y toppings . that 's my yogurt personality and happy berry delivers : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean and bright with affordable prices , but a limited selection of flavors . nothing special here , but it 's refreshing !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst frozen yogurt place that i have ever been . for starters , 90 % of the flavors are `` behind the counter '' in pre determined amounts that they bring out from a mystery freezer in a back room when you ask for the flavor . i chose a mango one . i opened it up and there was a dead fly on the top of the pile . i immediately showed it to the woman who spoke no english and a younger man who was behind the counter talking on his cell phone loudly looked at it and kept talking . my boyfriend had already filled an entire cup and i said put it down we are leaving . they never apologized and the guy apparently did n't find this important enough to end his call . i would never step foot in this place again . shadyside needs a real frozen yogurt place because this place is a sorry excuse for one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "running pig is worth visiting if you want to pick up some taiwanese style bento box . the menu is simple as you just choose your protein . pig trotters and knuckles are their specialties ! those are braised for hours with their special recipe . # 4 braised pork chop bento was disappointing . the pork chop was battered and fried before putting in the braising sauce . the sauce is tasty but the batter was gooey and soggy since it was in the sauce for so long . i would not recommend that and would not order that next time . the sides are good . i would have ate the bento with just the sides instead . # 3 pork hock bento = pork belly . i think i would give that a try next time . service is fast and friendly . cash only !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "run away from running pig ! ok , it 's not that bad . but : 1 . food is over priced 2 . not only was there no service , but the girls there are rude . this one girl was yawning at me with her mouth wide open while taking my order . 3 . portion is small ( and when i say portion is small , i do mean it is small ) i ordered the salty fried pork hock . there was only 8 tiny tiny pieces of hock . i do admit it 's quite an unique item , the skin of the hock is all crispy after frying them . my friend ordered a pork bento , nothing special about it . unlikely to return . even if i am in the plaza again , i will go next door to get taiwanese popcorn chicken dinner for $ 7 , much tastier and much fuller . one last word : unsatisfied .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came here with my parents , we all had combo a . the service was actually quite good , but i attribute this to the fact that the restaurant was empty besides us , and that we also speak chinese and thus were able to communicate with them our preferences . when i when i told the owner that i loved the yellow radish , they gave me five pieces instead of just a single piece . the food itself is quite good . the pork feet in combo one is tender . each bento box comes with two pork feet . however , the restaurant does n't serve any hot drinks or even free water because they do n't have cups ! all in all 3 5 . i would definitely come here again for combo one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "order their specialty . pig trotters hock knuckle . i ordered trotters and it was very tender and tasty . side dishes that come with it are good too . not as much variety in side dish as other shops but the quality is good ! the rice was good as well -- just right . one thing to watch out for : when ordering takeout the boxes and lids do n't line up . they will put an elastic but you got ta be careful or the sauce will definitely spill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i feel like i need to warn people ... .i generally have a strong stomach as i grew up eating outside food , but after i had lunch here yesterday my stomach has been constantly hurting and even now i 'm sitting on my couch in pain . i did notice the food was quite oily , but it must be more than that . i really wanted to like this place , but just in case i 'd stay clear as the taiwanese restaurant right next to theirs has much better food and bigger portions . the ladies there were nice enough , although they were kind of slow for a `` takeout '' place and the staff only speaks mainland chinese .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "out of all the various lunch box choices at bear metro square , this place has become my number one choice . i had the # 4 pork chop bento and was mind blown . i have pretty high standards for taiwanese food and this bento box hit all the right buttons . the only downside is that they do n't have comfortable seating or even lots of seating rather , and i only got one stick of vegetable . nonetheless after eating mine i bought 5 more to bring home for family and friends ! good taiwanese food is n't easy to come by !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i dislike the service . they expect you to speak different language just because they do n't understand simple english . i am asian and i can speak mandarin but it 's flat out rude to cut off a customer when they he or she tries to speak . the pork chop was very bad . it tasted like sour and it was not fresh . the meat probably expired long time ago . if you are craving for some taiwanese food please stay away this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been here a few times , i tried their pork hock bento and the chicken leg bento ( non-fried ) to be honest i was pleasantly surprised . generous portions with veggies and overall pretty good . would recommend trying those", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came promptly ( this was important as i had openings on the roof in my stucco , left from another contractor . ) his price was very fair . currently , he is in the middle of my job , but so far i am pleased . i like his attention to detail . i will give a full review when he is done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hired jc stucco originally in 2012 to do some work on a rental property . they came through and had the job professionally done in a timely manner . i have since used them for patches and to fix some stucco cracks that formed on my house . i would recommend them to anyone looking to get the job done properly with an affordable price tag .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never do business with these people . i called on the phone and talked to one of the most rude individuals i have ever spoken too . surprise ! i did n't use them to do the job . i do n't know what their work looks like but i guarantee there are other companies out there who will do a great job and have great customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "easily one of my favourite places to nerd out at . and definitely my favourite place to nerd out at in the gta . legends has extremely competitive pricing ( games workshop stuff usually 20 % off ! ) and a very nice selection of board games , comic books , cards , minatures , and geeky merch ( i definitely picked up a rainbow dash mug on my last visit here . ) if they do n't have something that you have your eye on , you can connect with them to see if they will order it for you ( which they likely will , if they can ! ) really flexible hours of operation , open late many nights of the week , and there are constantly events occuring here . they have a fairly large , well-lit , and clean gaming space in the back . customer service here is quite friendly . i 'd highly reccomend checking out legends if you are in around the vaughan area to get your geek on : ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is hard to find -- it 's behind the giant white warehouse-looking building around the corner from where google maps will tell you to go . when you do find it , you 'll be pleasantly greeted by what looks like nothing so much as a crammed , somewhat drab retail space chock full of a supremely cool collection of toys , books , games , comic books , and everything in between . i wandered around for ages before i finally had to make my selection and leave due to time . eminently browsable , very friendly staff , but they need signage on the street and the interior is crying out desperately for a remodel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my go-to hobby store for board games , d & d , dice , warhammer 40k and paints . they have a decent selection of each hobby , and anything they do n't have on the shelves you can ask the staff to order for you . friendly staff and they have lots of regulars who frequent the place and play games in the very spacious gaming area . i also like that they have private gaming rooms if you want to play rpg 's without onlookers or distractions . price wise they are quite good , and have sales now and then . i 've been shopping from these gents since back in the days at sci-fi world ( and cafe ! ) on steeles & dufferin . long time customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great shop for magic the gathering players ! helpful staff and large clean space in the back for players to play . there is also other great selection of comics and toys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hidden place . got a lot of board and card games . easy to find items on the shelf . service ; it 's good , very friendly people , and if you need help they will assist you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "legends warehouse is the best comics shop in vaughan , in my opinion . they have an awesome selection of comics , graphic novels and role-playing books . not to mention they have a gamer 's area with tournaments and the like . i personally am a star wars fan and go there for their great selection of figures , and as a member enjoy picking up my pulled comics . the owner - john - is very friendly and willing to help with whatever you need . the staff members - dave and chris - are also knowledgeable when it comes to comics , figures and miniatures . check them out - you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is such an awesome hobby store ! they have got everything that you could want here , from figures collectibles and board games , to trading cards and comics ! a little hard to find , as it is towards the back of the lot that 's shown on maps , but once you know that , you just have to follow the parking lot . not as large inside as the photo may suggest , but lots of stuff inside to compensate . they had a huge selection of board games , sorted alphabetically for easy navigation , and a bunch of pop ! vinyls that i have n't seem anywhere else . if you 're ever looking for a harder to find collectible , you may have a better chance to find it here ! definitely worth checking out if you 're in the vaughan mills area , as it is just down the street ! i would recommend it if you 're into any hobbies !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bring the vast majority of comic book related business to legends . they do the most important aspect of any business right and that is pricing . i been collecting comic books for over ten years and this is the only store in great toronto area ( that i am aware off ) that gives 20 % off us cover price along with a free bag and board to regulars . when it comes to comics legends is the leader when compared to the other two shops in vaughan . they bring in all of the mainstream titles and a few of the more popular independents . their subscription service is superb , my orders are always done correctly the staff provides recommendations based on my taste . at the same time , when i forget to order a fast selling issue , they bring it from the back and sell it to me at cover price ( when the going rate is triple ) . legends are great to their customers when they do n't have to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best local board game store , with tons of sides like organization options for your games , among various other things", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went there for the first time since the new owners have taken over . we ordered sushi ( new on the menu ) and the porter house . there are new owners , new chefs , new servers and bartenders . the food was delicious our steak was cooked to perfection and everyone else at our table was happy . the reason for the 5 stars is definitely the service and the sushi ! they have a new sushi bar and a passionate sushi chef and it shows ! this was some of the best sushi i have had in pittsburgh ! my father in law who is not a sushi `` fan '' had at least three pieces ! i will go back again and again for the service , steak and definitely the sushi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it took an hour for 2 steaks with mashed potatoes to come out of the kitchen . food and price are not worth the wait . the server we had was nice , apologetic , and courteous about the delay . i 'm sure it was n't his fault that the kitchen was screwing around . you can also hear how loud and chaotic the kitchen is from the dining area ... the sushi chef kept talking about how he burned himself , servers joking around with each other , and one of the servers even said `` this is definitely not a place to go if you 're in a hurry '' to a customer . overall , definitely a hot mess of a place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "coming from someone who works in a chain steakhouse i had high hopes for the steak here . myself and 2 other people all ordered the new york strip . quick service but once the steaks came they were tough and and flavorless . when we brought it to our waiters and managers attention they did nothing to fix the problem and we still had to pay for our salads and drinks . i have been in the service industry for years and customer service is something that was greatly lacking at this restaurant . i 'm sorry to say i will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordering a steak at the new pittsburgh could be a big mistake . while the new owners have brightened the place up they certainly have n't improved or even maintained the standard of food and service of the old owners . the service was unbelievably bad , the steak was of poor quality the lobster underdone . if you are intending to try this place anyway i would suggest that you bring a good book , you could get in a few chapters while waiting for your coffee refill.do n't think that service will be any better when ordering a glass of wine i think that our waitress was consulting her gps to find our table { there were only three tables occupied } a nice finish to any meal is a delicious desert not here . you get a description of a chocolate cake and you get some mystery cake that you never ordered . bring some extra cash , the prices are up and prepare to be annoyed and unhappy . wendy", "score": "1"}
{"review": "are they even open ... ? ? ? was going to go here tonight ( monday ) for dinner and found the lights off , the doors locked and the phone disconnected ... ! what 's going on w this place ? ? ? call before you make plans ... !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went there , thinking it was like the `` old '' steak house . saw each item only have one side . then , it took a long while to get some items ordered like salads . the dressing was watered down ! they put taxes , and gratuity on bill . if it 's good we will give a good tip . do n't tell us how much $ to give . to make a long story short . none of my party will not come back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "celebrated a birthday here today and first time we have been back since they re-opened . everything was fantastic . my ny strip was done perfectly and very well-seasoned , my son had a filet and was very pleased as well . my wife had the lobster tails and said she definitely made the right choice . they were short-staffed today due to a few employees being out but the chef ( mike ) did everything he could to feel like he appreciated our business . thanks for helping finish off a great day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best steak and lobster ever ! ! ! ! ! this was a very nice nightout watching the pens game and enjoying the newly remodeled atmosphere . the service was excellent despite the couple who was cranky dining next to us . we felt so bad for the server who just could n't make them happy no matter what she did . people should just stay home . we absolutely loved it and will be back regularly ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "high steakhouse prices but not high quality . i ordered the filet and it was undercooked twice ( asked for medium ) and my boyfriend ordered the strip and it was tough and cooked . save your money and go to hyde park or likewise instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live in the neighbourhood and went to check out this place . i felt a little uncomfortable when i noticed the woman pulling files out of a tub . are n't those supposed to be new every time ? if clippers etc are coming out of a tub they ca n't be sanitized . i did n't say anything . i wondered what the point was as i did not hear any english aside from 'what colour ' and 'you pay cash ' . see the attached picture- this is what my leg looked like just a few weeks after my pedicure . see this article http : archderm.jamanetwork.com article.aspx ? articleid=479308 . i am now awaiting a biopsy . this is exactly what yelp is for . i only wish i had been warned and knew more about the hazards of unsanitary conditions . oh and since i did n't know - never shave your legs before a pedicure ! that is how the bacteria from the tubs gets in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my first and only time at this nail salon . while i was getting my nails done the nail tech beside me finished with her client . she shook out the towel on the floor placed it back on the table and took the next customer . tools were not sterilized .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've used this salon a few times and never really had a problem once i walked in and they said it would be 20 min which i appreciated because i 'm used to nail salons telling me it will be 5 min and then waiting for an hour . today i called to make sure there was space and they said yes come over in 5 min . when i got there the shop was full and there were 3 people waiting in front of me . they asked me to sit down which i did for 20 min . noticing that nobody was close to being done and realizing i would probably be there for another 20 before getting my nails started i walked out . nobody even looked up or acknowledged . i walked up the street to organic nail bar where i was welcomed immediately and got a cheaper polish change . just be honest if someone calls and say it will be an hour . i will be taking my business to onb up the street from now on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a terrible experience here . i walked in and it was completely empty except for three workers . it took forever for them to really pay attention to me , and when they did , they banged the nail polish down , eyes averted and then asked for my money . the lady i had held my hands quite tightly and jerked my fingers about- it was painful . i walked out feeling like i had just paid for drugs instead of a polish change . it 's such a shame because the area is so convenient . when i walked in , i even liked that it was n't one of those typical nail places where a single man lords over and yells at his staff of 20 young women to work harder while smiling sweetly at customers and asking `` debit or cash ? `` .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i feel like i had to 5 star this place to make up for the low star reviews . i had a shellac manicure last week , then two days later returned for a shellac pedicure . the owner did my pedicure and another one of the girls did the mani . i 'm not sure what the issue is , i had none . pretty standard around the board , and the prices were great - $ 30 for the manicure and $ 40 for the pedicure . both look excellent . the colour selection is pristine , tons to choose from . i do n't really have any complaints . the service was done pretty quickly and i was able to read during the service . i will be back as its conveniently beside my condo as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked in with no appointment saturday around noon . the place was packed , every seat full . i got the next spot as someone left , only had to wait 5 mins as they had about 5 employees on . my cuticles are horrible , all broken and cracked and icky . they made me feel really comfortable and not embarrassed and made my fingers and nails look amazing ! plus the price , omg . soo cheap . they 're really professional and friendly . i did n't meet the owner i do n't think , but all the employees seemed happy and talkative with their clients . will definitely return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time been here and i 'm really enjoyed when i had done my pedicure here , the place was so cozy and fresh . i definitely will come back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times . the staff are very into sales and rude . first few times i did manicure and eyebrow and the service was rushed . yesterday i went for a pedicure and once i said i do n't want shellac , they rushed me and the women stared talking in their language . really rude behaviour like they were doing me a favour . i am paying for the services and should be treated with respect . the owner saw lily saw the behaviour and i asked politely why such rude behaviour and she looked at me and just smiled with a sorry . i will never go here again . i 've never been disrespected like this and i would never recommend this place to anyone . it 's sad as the location is very convenient . i 'd rather go a bit further where i 'm not forced to get something i do n't want and am treated as a valued customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been here many , many times as i live in the area . the employees are happy , you can tell they like what they do . they always have given me great service . i 'm a nurse so my feet at often in rough shape when i arrive and they always look like a million bucks . the owner does services , she really cares about the quality of services there , and it shows . for example , a pedi always includes a hot towel wrap . i 'm sad to see this place has negative reviews and i hope others will give it a chance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know why i keep coming back here . i think it 's because i live in the same building and i 'm too lazy to go further . they are rude unless you 're a regular they recognize . i 've come here enough that i would be considered a regular , but they are still rude to me . it does n't matter if you make an appointment . you can just walk in and they will tell you pick a colour and wait . i do n't think they sanitize their equipment , although the place looks nice and clean . the price is typical of the area and if you pay cash , there 's no tax . i stopped going here when another nail salon opened down the street .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been going for over a year . great service from a nail salon . it 's not a spa so dont expect luxury . but for what it is it 's great . the girls are friendly . the services are done well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the worst manicure ever , ! woke up next day and its all ruined because of thick layers she applied.. when i went back to complain they refused to fix it ..go to beauty line on bathurst and king better service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a great affordable salon in downtown with an acceptable service , and they try their best not to make you wait and get right on their work !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just found out that they lie to customers here that they use gel powder to do nails . the manager tells the employees to tell customers that they have gel and solar . but they 're all acrylic powder . do n't be fooled here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a no no . my pedicure chipped so fast and it looked so sheer . looks like i did it myself at home without any salon tools . you can see my cuticles and dry skin from 10 miles away . just stay away from this place . bleh", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it has been two times where the employees at this location have been rude to me . the first time my mom wanted the stuff she was buying on boxes because it was christmas and the lady who was taking care of us looked annoyed and the second time was today one of the girls just looked at me up and down and roll her eyes at me . so i do not recommend this location plus , they hardly have anything .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i give this store 2 stars because of the employees . i would give it 3 stars if it were n't for the rude employees here . i have had several issues with the employees refusing to take coupons from vs that i received in the mail , or refusing to do an exchange on beauty items . they clearly did not follow the company policy , and i contacted their customer relations department because it was such an issue . i called customer relations immediately when i got home because of the treatment i received here from the employees and the manager . the employees are not friendly here , they also stand around and talk to each other while people are waiting at the register . the area is also kind of dumpy as well ... the mall is dead !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came in on a weekday late afternoon since i had a coupon for a free panty and $ 10 off a bra . the salespeople were helpful and friendly but not pushy , which i really appreciated ! ! usually it seems like victoria 's secret sales associates are always trying to upsell and convince me to buy things i do n't want , so this is now my favorite location , even though the mall it 's in is n't super nice . the associates all appeared to be bilingual ( spanish ) also . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is in metrocenter mall on the upper level . overall 3.6-4 stars 5 stars for selection , style , cuteness sexyness . major awesome points for sexy bras for cups over size c. it should not be as hard as it is to find a cute , fun , flirty , sexy bra when you have dd 's . but it is ... & it sucks . 3 stars for prices . yes , it 's a brand . i understand this . but it almost hurts me to spend $ 40 on a bra . luckily sometimes they can have some pretty good sales . i was n't inundated by sales associates asking if they could help me . thank you ! just let me look around . if i need your help i 'll make sure to ask for it . of course there are other things besides just bras here . panties , shirts , shorts , nighties , lotions , & perfumes to name a few .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "such a huge difference in customer service opposed to arrowhead and the one on 98th and northern . these girls seem rude like your bugging them ... but maybe cause there 's no a.c and they use portable ones . the selection was better but probably because it 's a ghost town at metro .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this store is by far better than the arrowhead location , the location i would typically shop at . the staff is all extremely helpful and friendly , contrary to other locations . i had a complicated return and the sales associate helped me with a smile and a great attitude ! would highly recommend this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my two sons and i did the area 51 room and the folks at escape artist were super friendly and helpful . they were very motivated to ensure we had a great experience and they were successful ! my sons and i had a fantastic time and felt the room offered a great variety of challenges , good theming , and a well-balanced level of difficulty . we have done multiple escape rooms previously and this was one of our favorites . we were able to escape with just minutes to spare and would highly recommend this room and the folks at escape artist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i did this for my birthday . it was so much fun ! this was my first time in an escape room and the davinci room was great ! the puzzles and codes were challenging but not so much so that you became frustrated . vinny offered help when needed and we finished the room with seconds to spare .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went as a family with our two boys ( 12 and 10 ) . absolutely loved it and could n't have had a better time ! we are thinking about going back tomorrow while we are still in town . definitely a great family experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when we first went in to the warehouse it made us a bit cautious . there where a lot of people and so we walked around just looking at what they had in stock . on our way out we where asked if we were helped and we said no . we are here to look at kitchen cabinets and the girl said you need to make a appointment and the proceeded to tell use what we needed to bring back at the time of our appointment . we brought the information back and said we are just shopping and we just did windows and this was next . the experience was unbelievable they drew up plans and said when you ready stop back ... no pressure no hassle just a great time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys know their stuff and can provide valuable insight into the cabinet industry which can be overwhelming . highly recommend them as a trusted source .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place delivers quality cabinets along with their outstanding customer service . iris was extremely helpful throughout the whole design process . when the cabinets arrived at my house , they fit the space like custom cabinets . i will be a repeat customer , and i advise you to check them out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being a part of the architectural design community , it 's rare to find folks who can meet a price point while providing thoughtful design services and quality products . i 'll update once the cabinets are delivered , but they seem well designed and built for any price - let alone the price these folks offer . i came in with an atypical design , and the designer really helped find pieces that met my needs and provided great insight and advice to improve the design . a great resource for designers , contractors , and owners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pacific sales is not your run of the mill appliance store . they close at 6pm and they are not open on sundays . pacific sales caters to a specific clientele of people who know what they want . their selection of built-in appliances and specialty fixtures ( farmhouse sinks etc ) are pretty good . if you 're looking for viking , thermador or wolf appliances , this is probably the place to be at . they can special order pretty much anything from the brands that they do carry . pacific sales also price matches ( except aj madison and other online-only retailers ) and they offer pretty good discounts on holidays and on some floor models . you have up to 3 months to cancel your order if not yet delivered . if you have a special kitchen in mind , i 'd try to get down to pacific sales on a saturday since that 's the only day they keep reasonable hours for the 9-5 employee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do not purchase an extended warranty from pacific sales ! ! ! ! ! ! ! purchased 25 appliances from pacific sales at their seal beach location about two years ago ( for a four-plex that i fully remodeled and live at with my family in long beach ) . purchased the extended warranty on these appliances for an additional four years . had our washer break down one month ago . called the proper service number . was advised that our extended warranty did not cover parts and service ( only labor ) . advised the store manager ( mr. cesar caravantes ) of the situation , he reviewed our contract , and it was determined that our warranty covers all . this was back on october 6th . it has been a full three weeks since manager of the store has been made aware of this issue .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for appliances , plumbing supplies , toilets , keep looking ! pacific sales has difficult to understand pricing , limited products on display , and long wait times for delivery . most ordering is from a catalog that does not have prices . do yourself a favor and skip the aggravation that accompanies shopping at pacific sales .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i purchased several appliances at pacific sales . the dryer i bought was a total lemon . after several repair trips the dryer would continue to break in the same way . once the one year warranty was up and the dryer would continue to break , i was told by the service dept that i was just out of luck even though the repairs never lasted more than three uses on the machine . i would never buy an appliance from this store ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a great experience at the henderson , nv store ! ! ray in the plumbing department was very helpful ... .thank goodness for my general contractor who was able to get the problems solved ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first i have to say for the items i was looking for pacific had the lowest prices . if you shop for in-stock items you will get them alot quicker . know exactly what you want along with the product model number before you shop . better yet just call on the phone and get a price quote . get a delivery date in writing . the one star is for the experience my friend ( female ) had shopping in the henderson store . frank , one of the sales people was chasing her around the store . when he caught up to her he sexualized a statement pertaining to installation of an appliance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service great prices and frank hunter is the man ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! knwoledge and patient to assist me", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware ... ... after they have your money , they do n't want you to darken their door unless you want to spend more . if you have a problem with an appliance you purchased , you may as well talk to the dead . they do n't care or want to hear about it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we bought a refrigerator and a month and a half later it stopped cooling . i have tenants in the home and it is taking them a week and a half to fix it and they are not bringing them a temporary one nor are they going to bring us a new fridge . they refunded us 100.00 which clearly is not enough when you have 2 kids in the home and no fridge . don '' t buy from them their return policy is terrible ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "money well spent ! ! john and his son mounted a 65 '' tv on my stone fireplace . no mess , looks great ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "john did a fantastic job helping me while i was away on international business . i have a rental property that had a bit of a laundry door mishap and not only was john professional and always communicating with the tenants , his attention to detail is something i really appreciated . he went to lowes to pick up the door and refused to accept the ones they presented due to their damage and made the extra trip back to get the new item when it came in . extremely fair on price and really worth the phone call for any and all handyman work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would highly recommend south charlotte services , john was amazing , honest , hard working and professional . does excellent work at a very fair price", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best customer service and great work ! they worked with our hectic schedules , and took on additional handyman requests we threw at them last minute . really know their stuff ( about anything and everything home related ) and will give you honest answers . great pricing . might not answer the phone quickly but know they will always get back to you . they helped out us 2 first time home-buyers with very little handyman knowledge immensely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "south charlotte services does great work at very reasonable prices . john is conscientious , honest and hard working . he 's a perfectionist , which is exactly what you want in a handyman ! i wo n't hesitate to use them again for my next project .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will never recommend this place to anyone . the employees there including martin jacinto are unprofessional . i have also filed a complaint with the nevada division of insurance and the better business bureau .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a bunch of scam artists ... the owner was at the gas station giving `` free '' quotes , i guess he ran out of gas and was taking advantage of the time . i got a call a few days later and was given a quote of $ 61 dollars a month . i go down the next day and the pushy girl at the front desk tells me that 's wrong and it 's actually $ 185 a month . what ! the owner and all of them there are scam artists , avoid this place like the plague ... this was at the 3111 s valley view location . since then , i 've read several nasty reviews about them , i should have done that first !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "office is very low maintenance and cost . i find this a good thing cause i do n't want people having a fancy office by charging me higher rates . there seems to always be a wait but it 's not horrible . they have a vending machine but it looks smashed into and it has been like that for months . it smells a little bit . but again pretty cheap ! ! ! soooooo not to bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went too switch my insurance , the agent told me i had an accident in nov , 2014 , that was the first time , i 've heard that . they tried too get me , i 'm no fool went too dmv , not true at all . do n't trust their word ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service ! definitely wo n't be going back to this place . and the owner jacinto is no help all he cares about is the money not his customers . do n't come here unless you want to get scammed !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "come see nick ! best bartender ! good people ! full menu all night ! great recommendations , gaming machines and pools tables ! the pool tables might even be free if you 're drinking ! sunday , monday and tuesday 's on grave !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eh . this place is ok but nothing amazing . when they say dive bars this is def . one ... they have free pool however ( 2 ) tables and the food comes from stop & shop next door . that is the only reason i do n't mind this place too much and the drink prices are not too horrible .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "gravetender chance is the best . very witty and quick with service and jokes to keep the night going . seriously , if there was an awesome bartender school , chance would be in charge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have started frequenting this bar because of the friendly staff and amazing food . chance the bartender is amazing , although he works graves . he is one of the best bartenders around . he treats everyone like a regular and is quick to take care of your needs . the food is also amazing . try the tacos or the wings . they also have great drink speicals and and amzing selection of beers on tap .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i loved this place when we were living in vegas . while it looks sketch from the outside , the staff is really friendly , and even the patrons are too ! the inside is surprisingly roomy and has couch seating , tables , a non-smoking section , pool tables and a large circular bar . the first time we ever walked in we were greeted and chatted up by the bar tender , introduced to a few of the regulars and then bought a round of drinks from another couple . this was our hot spot as we came here usually on friday or saturday nights and sunday mornings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice little dive bar . they offer free pool , too- but if you 're a regular they take a $ 10 donation for felt , cues , chalk , etc . that 's fine with me , it 's way cheaper and less crowded than pts and the bartenders are quite a bit friendlier . $ 3 pbr pints . they also have a kitchen and booth table seating . i have n't eaten here yet but saw the food and it looks a-ok . it 's right around the corner from my house , maybe i 'll see you around !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when i first came here , it was great . friendly staff , great selection and good prices . then recently something happened and it went down-hill . now everytime i come in here there is no one there and it takes forever to get what i need . i miss the kareokee friday 's and the loud crazy people that use to infest this place . if the owner looks at this , make some changes back to the old ways ! ! ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "you have to go in when chance is working ! i promise you that you will not be disappointed . fast drinks that are well made and an amazing personality . a bartender can really make or break a business , and he will make you have a good time . i always lose track of time when i 'm in there . fun times !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were pleasantly surprised with the service and quality of the food . breakfast was really good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have visited the westcliff station it is worth the trip if you get michelle or chance . and they have great chicken wings . .. and the machines really hit here ... . really like to win this is a place to be take her from me", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great bartender , good drinks . definitely give this place a go . comfortable local bar spot", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst service ever . none one was in the bar and the the two bar tenders were apparently to busy to even serve anyone . also seemed like they were were under the influence . will never come here again or recommend this bar to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my friend and i walked in , not knowing anything about this place . we were n't greeted nor was there a sign as to seating yourself or being seated . we had a lady walk by and ask if we had ordered . we said no , and that was the last we saw of her . after poking our heads over the booth multiple times , a man came over and asked if we needed anything . eating or drinking ? well , i 'm the only one here , so ... fifteen minutes later , he comes back , saying you 're still here ? what would you like to drink ? seven minutes later , he comes back . mind you , there was barely anyone here . we were the only ones not at the bar . we 've been here 30 minutes and barely got our drinks . i hope this is just a bad night , because this is a terrible experience . btw , it did n't get better . stay away unless you want to sit at the bar .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just ate there again , this time for lunch . the service was good and the drinks were outstanding but the new bartender carly was a freaking knockout ! i may make this my regular place to eat breakfast lunch if bagel cafe closes down because i do love hot bartenders and good food and drinks , but i love desserts more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amy and debbie are evil box trolls ! but the graveyard guys are awesome ! that guy chance is so hott ! the girls are so rude and horrible ! i really do n't like them ! they also suck at making drinks ! breakfast burritos are the beez knees", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice bar in an out of the way strip mall . the staff was really nice but not what i was expecting to pay for the location and a bar with an average beer selection . however they did have a decent food menu , a couple nice pool tables and a lounge area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "basic neighborhood las vegas gaming bar with great prices , good food , and cheap drinks . i drank $ 5 vodka all night , played pool , and had a delicious build-your-own hamburger . it 's a bit older , smoky , but with comfy seating . nothing fancy , but solid all the way around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite local spot . and great food nicest staff . ask for the chilli fries sliders and wings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "under new management the place is way cooler than it used to be . open pool tables and improved food menu , drink specials and some upgraded slot machines and promotions . you should definitely stop by !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very slow service . burgers come out burnt . i waited 30 min and still no burger . ended up leaving empty handed as i had an appointment to go to . others were also tired of waiting .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a fairly new location attached with a swiss chalet right across from sunny food mart . their service is slow at times , especially during lunch and dinner , but their staff are friendly and do n't skimp on the toppings ! i do n't know if this applies to other locations as well because i only tend to frequent this one , but one of the downsides would be that their fries are always soggy ! not a huge fan , so i only get their onion rings when buying a combo .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here a few times . never any problems . place is usually clean , staff is friendly . plenty of parking surrounding the building . i wish harvey 's would make their fries boxes a bit bigger . 4 stars overall i ca n't comment on busy hours . as i usually come before prime time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the burger was good , but the fries wasnt that good . you can see the guys making the burger from the small window it seems everything is good inside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dale is awesomeness personified . honestly , he is just that guy . super nice and helpful , laid back and good at his job to boot ! bob should thank dale on a daily basis for making his business such a success . i went in to get a quick repair and some adjustments . dale took excellent care of me as he has every time i have been there before . oh , they have good bikes there too , if you care about that sort of thing . ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a couple weekends ago my husband and i found a couple beach cruisers at a garage sale . they were definitely in rough shape . my 70 's western flyer beach cruiser only needed a new bike tube and slime . my husbands calio cruiser 's tires were in horrible shape from sun exposure and needed a bike seat and new grips . luckily my husband knew where to take them to get fixed . we were impressed how knowledgeable dale was and he was very honest at a reasonable price . we cant wait to use our bikes for the first time in california : ) thank you bob 's bike shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a locally owned bike shop off miller and mcdowell in scottsdale , bob 's bike shop is an amazing place . the owner is highly knowledgable and extremely friendly . i had to take a bike tire that i thought was a lost cause and he was able to look at it that day and also find the problem and fix it . although my issue was minor with the tire not setting in the wheel correctly , some issues take longer to fix but he has them competed promptly and efficiently . this place offers the best customer device of any small bike shops i had visited that day ( and there were many ) . i would definitely recommend this bike shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yesterday my bike started shifting on its own as i was riding home from school . i detoured to bob 's bike shop and dropped it off , only to be told he was really backed up and it might be a week . this morning he said it was ready , and i walked over at lunch to pick it up fixed , cleaned , and lubed . total : $ 16.47 , turnaround less than 24 hours . i do n't hesitate to complain about bad service , so here 's an example of excellent service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed help with a very sad and depressed bike and bob 's was close and convenient for me . dale was very professional , honest , and helped me make good- and economical- choices for how to heal my struggling wheels . i 'm not a bike guru by any means , so it was nice to have someone explain the basics to me and be so patient . he got the work done quicker than i had anticipated and there were no sneaky surprises in terms of price or work done . if i have any other issues with my now revived and happy bike , i know i 'll be headed back to bob 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the friendly , local bike shop you are looking for . this place is welcoming and just wonderful really . i was a bit intimidated before going to other bike shops and had a not great experience at a few as i feared . not so here . as you can see from all the reviews , this is the bike shop you can feel at home in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed some work done on my bike that i myself could n't do . so i needed bob 's bike shop for more then just a bike tube or tire . what once was broken is now operating perfectly thanks to the magician at bob 's . and his fee 's for repair are very reasonable and fair . i am thankful and appreciative for the existence of bob 's bike shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here as it 's super close and convenient . dale is the one doing the work and i guess bob is the owner . i was very pleasantly surprised by not only how kind and helpful dale was in fixing my bike but also that he basically allowed me to bring all the parts i had bought at a bigger ( probably cheaper big box ) store and do the installation and repairs for me . my mountain bike tires were no longer pumping up and he also was kind enough to install a new seat and switch the battery on my little bike computer . i 'm nothing close to a handyman but the price astonished me . i almost felt bad which is rare . definitely worth the drive if you 're in south scottsdale tempe and will always be returning here for further service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family brings our bikes to this shop for everything ! dale is so helpful and never tries to sell me things that i do n't need . he 's always so kind , so efficient and well worth every penny . thanks dale !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bob 's is just the kind of place we need more of . it 's a small , old fashioned shop that is fair and fast . there is nothing slick , or corporate about this place . it 's a bike shop , nothing more , which is exactly as i like it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes - these reviews are all true : ) bob is wonderful and fixed my tires quickly . a wonderful shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a little bike shop in the hood , and they have been fixing flats and stuff for me for years . i also frequent a few other bike shops that i like better but not as close to home . service is always fast and prices are on the `` fair '' side . bob always seems a bit cranky -no pun intended , but he is competent and quick with the repairs . i noticed some nice bikes for a great price today , i think i might go back for an upgrade . does a bike shop have to be a friendly place ? ? ? no not really , but the ones i like the best are . take a look at the small well priced selection of raleigh bikes , and for quick service just off the green belt this place is a great option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . i come here for all accessories or repairs on my bike , which i bought there . the same guy is always working and i believe his name is dale . great customer service , takes time to answer questions , and does an awesome job all around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always helpful and very honest . just a little store that sells some bikes and does quality repair work . dale , the man who runs the shop , seems to be a real stand-up guy . i bought a mountain bike from here and have really enjoyed it , as well as the year of free tune-ups . there 's a reason why this place has been around for twenty-plus years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dale is great ! ! goes above and beyond ! ! came to see what he had for inventory as i am new to the area and just driving by . this was the 4th shop i visited . found a 7 speed mint green raleigh venture for my wife . went out that afternoon and i loved it too . i have never been so impressed by a simple bike . well balanced , feels light , smooth ride , great riding position . i dropped my 21 speed disc brake mountain bike like a hot potato and bought a mens 7 speed raleigh venture ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner was very helpful when helping me with my flattened tire . he even went out of his way to assist me when it was determined that my tire and not my tube was the problem . thank you very much sir . your services could n't have been more appreciated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently purchased a bike here and were taken care of by dale . he 's extremely knowledgeable and his dedication to service is hardly seen anymore . the price was also very reasonable . he made the overall experience very pleasant . i would highly recommend this shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best bike shop i 've been to in phoenix ! very friendly , quick service , made special accommodations , small family owned , will be back for all future bike and accessory needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bob is great . i came looking to buy a bike , and i had been a couple of decades out of practice . he was professional , polite , and down to earth . i found the bike for me , i am 38 , keep regularly fit , and do n't want a 'dad ' bike or a carbon fibre do it all like the youngsters . we found the perfect fit , a nice reliable 'greenbelt ' worth ride , and seeing i had short legs helped me make the appropriate frame choice . bob is not a salesman , he is a genuine bike fanatic and wants to get the best bike for his customers ( based on their interest and budget ) . i just wished he sells cars also . top bloke .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll start off by saying that i love landis cyclery . that being said , they are wildly expensive and will charge you for even the smallest labor . the employees there are generally full of themselves and their sweet bikes as well . bob 's do n't play that . you can come in and get something tightended , or just talk with the employees ( who are generally much older , which i prefer ... these guys know a ton about bicycles ) about your bike . i ride a vintage bike that can be a nightmare to work on , but bob 's makes it a lot of fun . a larger stock of high-quality parts and bikes would have gotten five stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honest business ... .. great service , i use my bike to get to and from work , they were able to get the work done in a hurry , .. and even talked me out of some stuff i though i needed , ... refreshingly honest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great shop ! honesty and integrity at it 's finest ! whether you need a minor repair or a major repair , this shop can do it all . i had what i thought was going to be an expensive repair and was pleasantly surprised at the price and speed at which my cruiser was fixed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a big selection of bicycles to pick from but they are built to last . this is the best place to get bicycle repairs in arizona .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my ( very old ) bike in to see if bob 's bike shop could restore it to its former glory , expecting to spend a ton of money . i was pleasantly surprised ! i was quoted a very reasonable amount on the spot , and told exactly what i needed and how much each repair would cost . my almost just-like-new bike was ready a week later . the service was exceptionally friendly and kind . by no means am i an avid biker , but i suspect cyclists would be happy to trust bob 's with their bikes , too ! it is a no-nonsense place that seems to take great pride in their work and provides quality service at a reasonable place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately i discovered bob 's bike shop after i purchased my trek mt . bike and paid an out of pocket tune up from another well known bike shop . after discovering dale at bob 's bike shop , all my tune-up , repairs and when the time comes bike upgrade will be done with dale at bob 's bike shop.. i have had a number of repairs and purchased accessories such as tubes and when needed tires from bob 's . i 'm a retired manager from the service industry and i well know what customer service , fair pricing and product quality is all about . dale and bob 's bike shop exceeds the customers expectations with quality products , repairs , fair pricing and most important superior customer service . dale makes you feel welcomed and treats you with honesty , integrity and he well informs you of the service he provides you and explains it to you so you completely understand what work is about to be done . when you walk out you feel like you were treated fairly and were provided with the best service for the money you spent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the reviews are true i tore my pedals to shreds and needed them completely replaced . dale looked at my bike for no more than a second , knew exactly the kind of pedals i needed , took my bike to the back , took off the old pedals , put on new ones , swiped my debit card , and i was on my way . all that took just five minutes ! and parts and labor only cost 10 bucks ! dale is a wizard and a genuinely nice dude . i highly , highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a sweet kind man . we stop in often to get our sons stroller tires aired up . we appreciate you bob .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm always in awe when i witness a person in their craft , doing what they love . dale is just this . i have 6 bikes that i bought all brand new tubes for , more than a fair price . i was out for a ride on my cruiser and realized i have n't tighten my chain ( that i have been meaning to get to ) , so i figure i would stop by to see if dale would have some time to look at it this upcoming weekend . dale took a few seconds to look at it , kindly excused himself and came back with the tools to fix it ! i did not expect rust at all . i saw the ease and care while tightening my chain , centering my tire and correcting the fender . dale is a true professional . i appreciated his conversation mite than i did his impeccable service . very kind man , i learned a lot from him . dale is passionate about his craft . i will never go anywhere else for any of bike needs . thank you dale !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very honest , affordable and friendly . had two bikes serviced , one of which i was told by another bike shop that i needed all new components . bob 's bike shop suggested otherwise and got my bike running smoothly again after a simple tuneup . this will definitely be my go-to place for all bicycle matters going forward . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is terrific , great customer service by dale . fair on pricing & quick to get job done . explains everything & my business will be here in the future . chain bike stores like performance have a membership card & too many emails & such & you feel treated more like a number , then a valued customer . he 's local & top rate guy , can not go wrong here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bikes always seem to break right when you have a fun ride to go on . dale does his best to get you back up and riding as soon as possible and with very fair pricing . got my tire put on my new rim and i was up and riding in less than a few hours . also , it 's great to support a local small business ! if you are looking for bike or need some repairs , i recommend you go to bob 's bike shop and talk to dale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great small business . i can not add much about this place that others have not already captured . i looked around scottsdale , phoenix and tempe for a bike . i ended up buying a raleigh ( venture series ) leisure or hybrid bike from this shop based somewhat on the price , but more because of dale 's knowledge , no pressure honesty and service . the bike is a mid-level beginners bike as i am just starting to ride again after a couple decades . i have had the bike for about 3 months and love it . and the continued service from dale at the shop is always spot on . he is a fantastic bike technician and a super nice guy . i could not be happier with the sales and service . although i am not the most experienced cyclist , i get the impression that dale is quite the master for any level enthusiast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the most genuine owner who truly has passion for what he does ! he is honest , reasonable , and fast ! we take our bikes here and have always been happy with the service and cost .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place . they have fixed things for me for free.they are always helping me with the smallest problem with my bike . so caring . great service . plus ... ..they have great bikes and tons of bike parts ! good prices !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the shop owner , assuming it was bob , had just what we needed ! very friendly , outgoing , and helpful . we were in and out with a new tube for my boyfriends flat tire in 15 minutes . great experience and highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bob 's takes you back to the place where life was good . impecable service at an honest price . most places today will charge $ 50.00 just to roll your bike in and not even talk to you . these guys care about their craft and love talking bikes . i will drive 33 miles just to have my bikes worked on , they do it right and it gives me a good feeling leaving because they are good people ! ! in todays world it how much can i gouge and turn & burn the customers . visit bob 's and you will have a great feeling , because that does not happen there ! dale you are zen", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bob is one classy business man . i had a bike that was riding weird , i brought it by and without asking he got a little wrench and tightened one side , fixing the issue in 2 minutes . he did n't charge me but i will be back for all my future bike needs ! honest and knowledgeable ! thanks bob ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just bought a bike from dale . great customer service . very happy with my new commuter bike . it 's close to my home so i will be able to bring bike for regular tune-ups .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dale over at bob 's bikes has been extremely helpful anytime i 've had issues with my mountain bike . this place is affordable and dale has demonstrated his supreme knowledge of any type of bicycle repair . he has even provided advice on how to improve my riding experience ! thank you dale and your last tune up to my bike has lasted especially long . cheers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you for the great pricing and quick turnaround . and the little extras that you saw were needed to get me on the road . much appreciated . : ' )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously , woohoo ! as good as it gets . the world would be a better place if all the stores treated their customers the way they do at bob 's bike shop . dale is absolutely awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a great find ! after moving here my bike handlebars were perpendicular to where they needed to be . we stopped in and within 5 minutes it was fixed . he knew exactly what had gotten stuck and with a quick turn of the wrench and light tap everything was good to go ! we 'll definitely be back for future bike needs ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love bob 's bike shop ! all of the bikes we rent at spinners on the green are purchased from and serviced by dale at bob 's . we are proud to have them as neighbors and business associates !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2nd visit here and both times amazing ivan the bartender right on things perfect selection and attentive to our needs but not over the top . made us come back and equally as a excellent experience ... food excellent service even better", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was amazed by the new restaurant . it had an open atmosphere and very clean , with tables set for fine dinning . the staff was friendly and engaged . we ordered stuffed jalapeno , chicken wings and chicken and steak skewers . all were to die for . portion size was just enough and taste was of an authentic modern mexican cuisine . desert was heaven ! i recommend this restaurant to everyone who wants to be treated like a king or queen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ivan and christian are awesome ! we went to tequila three times during our vacation because the service is exceptional !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a hidden gem- read a couple of yelp reviews and decided that tills was what i was looking for-a quiet place with no casino to relax , have a few beers , grab a burger and watch a football game . winner winner chicken dinner . apps were great , had the absolute best burger ever ... . blue cheese burger , cooked perfect with crispy edges and terrific fries . the servers , katie and candice , were awesome and we enjoyed ourselves so much went back the next night again . this time had grilled mahi mahi , was awesome , stop by this place , you will have a good meal , a great time and will not break the bank .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a rough night in las vegas walking the streets till 5 am i did n't think i have anymore life this place could revitalize anybody spectacular food definitely will come back again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was hanging with my boys in the wynn and was looking for a great place close by that had decent food at decent prices . i checked yelp and till 's came up . after finding the place behind a church we stopped in to check it out . nothing bigger than your standard hotel lounge , but was the perfect spot for a great burger or steak and all for under $ 14 . multi tv screens showing different events and cheap beers . was truly a mirage in the middle of the desert and we will be sure to go again next time in vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found this place through the app , excellent reviews brought us to fulfill our burger cravings . food and service were excellent ! burgers , fries , chicken strips were perfect and delicious . walter the chef came out to check on us and was super cool ! will definitely come back during my next vegas trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little hidden but we were so glad we found it ! a nice retreat from the crowd . the bartender was friendly and the food was superb ! way better than big hotel food . the janopino bacon burger was very tasty and generous . even the french fry was better ! loved it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a bunch of us went to go check this place out after the last unlv basketball game and boy did i need a drink after that one , but this place was fun and we had a good time after a bad loss so i did not not have to go to bet angry . great bar food and some stiff drinks saved a dreadful evening", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found a groupon for 30 $ worth of food and drinks for 15 $ and thought we would give it a try . weird spot , its in a condo apartment buliding motel , and it 's like a normal hotel lobby bar but better . we got there at like 10 and they closed at 11 ... which is odd to close so early on a saturday ? ! ? ! anyway , bartender trey was very cool and recommended the burger and said the pizzas were really small and not worth it . i really appreciate anybody who is honest and says when something sucks and is not just like `` well , everything is good here '' . that 's lazy to me . so my girl got the bbq burger and it was amazing ! cheese steak i goy was ok , but i shoulda got the burger too ! so trey was friendly and down to earth so we 'll be back to see him ; - ) but we 'd be there more if u stayed open later ? ? ? ( wink hint ; - ) wink hint )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great bar very good cook and bartender . big beers only 5 bucks . great wings . lots of entertainment very friendly people . we had a good time drinking a few beers and eating wings . hard to find but worth the extra look .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found a deal for this place on groupon . i can see how it can be hard to find . the actual hotel is not named `` the blair '' ( i forgot the actual name ) . the service and food were exceptional . the server recommended the burgers and rightfully so . probably one of the best burgers you will eat . the only issue i had ( which is why i did n't give it the full 5 stars ) is that the hours of operation on yelp are misleading . i went on saturday at 1pm as it was listed as being open only to be told that they did n't open until 3pm . i would call ahead of time to double check if you plan on going earlier in the afternoon . aside from that , i would recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this bar is in the blair house suites hotel which was just remodeled , and they added this place just about 6-9 months ago . i must say that i did not expect much from this place , but the bartenders , food , and the video poker where all awesome , and all the flat screens were n't bad . drinks were strong , food absolutely amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is to die for . the service is excellent as well . candice , the bartender , and walter , the chef , had us ready to call this place a second home ! the drinks are decently priced and it 's a nice little hole in the wall . the patrons of this bar were amazing too . good energy all around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soooooo my friend and i decided to try something new and get lunch and drinks off the strip ! yea for new experiences ! ! our server meredith was so great ! ! so nice and fun to talk to and got great advice on vegas deals ! we used our groupon with no trouble and even got a free shot ( check in folks ) the food was great and also at very great prices . the drinks were around 3-7 dollars ! ! i ca n't wait to go back ! ! candice was awesome too ! ! ! i love this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "karaokex at till 's bar is by far the best karaoke system i 've ever been to ! so up to date , kiosk signup system , new songs , you can even use your smartphone to signup ! plus a charming host , good drinks and food and friendly bartender . highly , highly recommended ! ! ! every saturday from 9pm till midnight", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it took us some effort to find this place because desert inn east of las vegas blvd . s goes underground then resurfaces that the pedestrians have to walk through the parking lot of guardian angel cathedral , right on to channel 8 drive to get to rita suites . the bar and restaurant is in the hotel motel . our newly hired lady server was very helpful and sweet . the grilled mahi mahi was very tender and tasty . the fries was dangerously superb yummy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just love this place . love the food , the cold beer and amanda the bartender . this place is a diamond in the rough . they possibly have the best burger in town at a great price . ask for walter the chef , great guy and always willing to satisfy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing ! kandice the bar tender was super nice and welcoming , wish i lived in vegas just to come here more often ! me and my cousin had bacon cheeseburgers , fries , strawberry lemonade and a apple martini ... everything was beyond what we expected , cant wait to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in in a monday night at 9 . no one there . the bartender warned me they were changing the menu and were out of a few items . well , the first one was orange juice , so that changed my drink selection . i ordered a cheesesteak sandwich , which was cheez whizzed , which i 'm not used to since i 'm now from the east coast where we usually use a white cheese . i also ordered it without mushrooms , which was good as that was one of the items they were out of too . the sandwich came with fries , some of which had a metallic taste-maybe freezer burn ? ? the food was very reasonably priced , so that was a plus ! now the good news . julie , the bartender was great . friendly , and an intelligent conversationalist . drink prices were reasonable so if you 're looking for a good drink , stop in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing food the chef even came out to talk to us ! candace the bartender was holding down the spot the whole time ! walter is an amazing chef !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best burger in vegas ! beer pong was fun and everyone made sure we were having an awesome time ! definitely coming back next time in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite place in vegas ! cozy , quite , healthy food . the only thing missing is kombucha on tap . nice outdoor seating and welcoming staff make this my favorite place to take dates .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! this place is amazing . i ordered a jalape\u00f1o burger . everything tasted fresh . staff super nice and fast service . it 's a little hole in the wall . i stayed in marriott next to this place and bad o other reviews i decided to give it a shot . it is well worth money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sometimes you just want a decent burger , a beer , and a big screen to watch the game . what an unexpected surprise . the 1 2 pound barbecue bacon burger ( 8.95 ) was a-ma-zing . service and hospitality were great . highly recommend till 's for when you want to get out of the mega-casino world for a great meal at a great price . i 'll be back next week .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we found this place on groupon . $ 14 for $ 30 and i would come back without the deal ! their burgers were so delicious ! we came around noon so the place was empty , which worked out for us bc there was only one waitress bartender . definitely coming back on our next vegas trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food . the burger ( jalapeno burger ) was excellent . the long island iced tea had more alcohol than any other drink i had in vegas . there are no prices for alcohol on the menu . the server said our long island iced tea would be $ 12 ... but on our check it was only $ 8.50 . quite confused on that one but i can only assume they quoted price with tax + tip ? good food for the price . location is n't the best if you 're staying on the strip . if you 're staying between treasure island and circus circus it 's just about walk-able . anything else is really a no-go . they add a mandatory 15 % service charge . careful note in case you did n't notice and then essentially double tipped !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found this place because of groupon . small hole in the wall inside a hotel . it 's hard to find , but you 'll be glad you did . amazing burger ! i 'll definitely be back next time i 'm in vegas . say hello to the chef walter . super nice guy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so these folks are pros ! they made us feel welcome like family and served up great food ! my new favorite burger and beer place ! it is a clean and casually welcoming environment and they even have a patio out back for balmy summer nights ! it is just inside an adorable little boutique hotel on dessert inn just off strip . good gathering spot for friends , family over 21 , or even a date . feels very safe and cozy ! ps . my sister actually left her credit card there and they found it and locked it up in the safe for her ! they are honest folks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bartender on duty appeared to be managing both the bar area as well as the tables in the food area when we arrived . she was quick , efficient , and friendly . the food was good , and the quesadilla was surprisingly full of chicken and loaded with cheese . the drinks were also on point and the entire meal was very economical . we have also ordered the pittsburg steak salad . it was large enough to be split between two people and very tasty . we will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great bar ... awesome drinks ! ! ! great music ! ! ! merderith and candy were really nice . cool place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an amazing cocktail prepared by meredith called cherry blossom made with berry ciroc . so bomb ! ! ! and the grilled mahi mahi was out of this world , so fresh and no fishy taste at all . kudos to the chef walter !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic food ! the chef personally came out to see if my food was up to standard ! wings beat any hands down ! jalape\u00f1o burger is a great burger ! would recommend this place to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our server meredith was the bomb ! ! ! ! the food was great , service was fast , and we had a blast . we will definitely return . also , found out that you can rent the dining hall ( which has a 55+ '' tv for meetings powerpoint presentations etc ) . such a great find ! ! ! ! ! y'all got ta check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here , enjoyed awesome service from meredith who was our attendant for the evening . food was awesome had the wings , chicken bbq pizza , steak salad , fries , onion rings and our stellas , redds , blue moon and long island ice tea . food was delish , ambiance was nice , off the bar we dined in the dining room overlooking the courtyard patio with tables so dining was optional outside but in this vegas heat it was a no lol . will be coming here more often now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just had a great meal @ till 's bar . a special shout out to paige who served us . she is so sweet and attended to all of our needs ! she is obviously focused on quality and customer service . thanks for an excellent experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "off the beaten path gem , with good burger and fries . most importantly , they cook the burgers to how you order it , and provide a quality bun . if i lived here i would frequent this hideaway to relax when i do n't want the chaos of the strip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great drinks and amazing food ! ! ! if you 're looking for a fun `` non-strip '' place to hang out , this is not to be missed ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hole in the wall , brand new bar , great food , great location , great prices , great bar tenders . what else can i say ! i would 100 % recommend this place . wish they were open for lunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omgeeeeeee ... we have been in vegas for a week staying on the strip were each meal cost us $ 36+ and we had to spend our last night at blair house . they gave us 2 for 1 entree ... and we would have paid in full without it ... man this food and drinks are damn good ... my hubby says its the best he 's had all week for only a 3rd of the prices we 've been paying . ..if your in vegas ... dine hear . ..good good . ..stiff drinks . ..good music ... laid back vibe ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was fast and friendly . meredith was our waitress and she was awesome . first time here and it was an awesome experience ! ! food was nive and hot . did i mention very chill enviroment ? most def will come here again . also just for checking into the resturant i received a free shot . i had the blue cheese burger wings and the bbq chicken pizza everything was awesome . i reccommend the sex on the strip shot ! ! it was yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "groupon brought me here and i am so thankful ! this is a great place to eat and chill ! it is very close to the strip , decent prices , and great staff ! it is located inside the rita 's hotel is clean and not too loud : ) my chicken quesadilla and blue cheese burger were both tasty and made well ! thanks ! candace is my favorite bartender in life , you have a new regular !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friends and i bought groupons for beer pong . i called ahead to make sure we could use them . after redeeming two groupons we were told the registers were closed and we could n't redeem our third . no one told us they were closing . we would have gladly redeemed our third and tipped generously if we knew they were closing . unfortunately we were left outside alone and the lights turned off and were not able to get what we paid for or to tip the bartenders that were nice to us . i will never come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great karaoke system . fun kj . good vibe . free water . my favorite place to sing . would recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome burger and fries made by chef walter ... .bartender paige is awesome too , very friendly and great service too . a must if you are in las vegas ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got ta say that the burger are good at a good price . beer a decent price too . definitely bar decor but there is a patio in the back for the smokers . wife did n't like the wrap because the tortilla was cold so i ca n't recommend that . waitress seemed tired or preoccupied so your not going for the atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a follow up . i received a reply to my review saying that they would like to hear from me about the problems that i had . well , i responded to the person that sent the response , provided her with my phone number and requested that she call me any time to discuss the matter . consistent with my previous contact with this company i have not received any call . i guess they really are n't interested in what happened or preventing it from happening again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't be fooled by mike metz and his radio personality . while he is very nice and knowledgeable , he surrounds himself with a team that lacks good customer service and follow through . he handed our loan over to his team and then hands off unless i called to get him back involved . our mortgage almost did not go through due to their lack of follow up . i ended up calling daily at the end to keep this on track and hit the closing date . we did not know if we were going to make the closing until hours before the end of the day . very stressful !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i can not possibly say how great these people are ! i have bought and re-financed a home with jaime and they could not have made the process any easier if they tried , even though my home is in california . they were recommended to me and i am beyond happy to return the favor ! you will not be sorry choosing them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dean shreiner is an excellent mortgage loan broker . provides great service and is current on loan rates and options .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "keith cardillo ... .seriously the best in the business ... our home loan is closing tomorrow with a lower rate and lower fees ( even though the original fees were very reasonable ) this is coming from someone that was a loan officer realtor for 20+ years . honesty , integrity , professional , knowledgeable . he made sure we got the best service , took care of the entire transaction very quickly and when a problem came up , it was solved in a day , and the problem was our fault .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible experience with this company ! our credit rating is in the upper 700 's , we have no debt , and are employed ... ..turned over paperwork after paperwork , after paperwork only to be told time and again we would have an answer on our approval ... ..took over one month ! ! ! ! by the time we were approved , we were so tired of dealing with these people we decided we 're not going to give our money to a company as horrible as guaranteed rate ! christopher holmes does n't know what he 's doing and caused delays over and over in the process for us . do not give this company the time of day ! sharon c", "score": "1"}
{"review": "eddie bedoya gets 5 stars ! ! absolutely the best lender i have ever used . hassle free , fast closing with no surprises . i have used eddie for several loans and refer him when ever i can . if you want the best , call eddie bedoya ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kerry blackburn and his team did a tremendous job getting me my home loan . as a first time home buyer they all did a fantastic job communicating and explaining what was needed and why , even when we ran into problems they were able to iron them out . i cant thank them enough for all the help getting us into our home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently completed a refinance with guaranteed rate on my primary residence . eddie bedoya and his team are outstanding professionals . they went above and beyond to make sure we were taken care of . leah was always very responsive and persistent in helping us gather all our documents . our rate was amazing ... almost .5 % better than the next quote . the fees are hardly any thing at all . i used eddie and grate for my home purchase before . each time they do an amazing job . eddie is hands down the best mortgage banker in the phoenix metro valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used ward for my move from phoenix to texas . i thought i vetted this company well . looked at reviews , got references checked bbb they seemed ok. my story starts with the sales person telling it was ok to leave non breakable in some drawers and chests . not . when the truck showed up it was more than half full . my stuff did n't fit the driver and loaders got frustrated and took it out on my things damaged dinning room table love sheet couch desk they are fixing the table and fixed the torn leather . they said no on the couch . i paid for insurance and the insurance is not covering the issues . seems to me i was taken . i would not recommend this company . look elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my experience with north american has been awful , i would not recommend them to anyone . they will damage your furniture and then tell you that the insurance you purchased has a deductible . i strongly recommend you check into the insurance coverage you are purchasing and upgrade to an insurance coverage that does not have a deductible , they will damage your furniture and you will end up paying a $ 500 deductible . on top of that your furniture will most likely be late . it has been the worst customer service i have ever received , they have been consistently disappointing throughout the entire process .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never use this company . they are misleading when quoting the amount of time to complete a job . if i could give this company a minus rating i would . we had 11 pieces of furniture to move from central phoenix to gilbert . we were quoted 4 hours to complete the job . they charged us 6 1 2 hours for 4 hours of work . nowhere in the contract does it state that travel time between the warehouse and the pickup dropoff locations is in addition to the time it takes to transportation . the men took forever to wrap the furniture , and then took 30 minutes to drive 7 miles .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i could do 0 stars . worst service ever . waited in a 5 car lane for food , that took 25 minutes to actually get . and everyone was rude and crabby . i will not come back . they need to teach their staff some manners . ridiculous !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible horrible service . left out fries and salad dressing from drive thru order . was made to come back to restaurant . in order to have meal credited which was getting cold in my hotel room they would not replace the food . amazing and manager insisted on calling me sweetheart after i insisted she stop . worst customer service i have ever had ! ! ! ca n't wait to fill out bk survey .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm waiting in line . it 's so backed up i 'm sitting half on the main road ! awesome", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just your average , typical burger king . i would say the service is mediocre- nothing to rave about , but not necessarily rude . milkshakes are great , and the burgers and chicken nuggets are just as good . but on one negative , they forgot to ask my friend if she wanted whipped cream , but remembered to ask me . she was disappointed because she really enjoys their whipped cream , so in my opinion the stuff should be more knowledgable with the questions they are supposed to ask . but besides that abandoned whipped cream , it 's a cheap and good place for good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i ca n't say enough about the positive experience we had with the marketline mortgage folks . the entire experience went very smooth and quick . all of our questions were quickly responded to and we really appreciated the weekly updates sent to us . even with a very challenging credit history they made things happen for us ; they succeeded where others failed . we would like to thank mm for everything they 've done for us . we highly recommend this company to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm on my 3rd mortgage ... all thanks to taum and the fantastic crew at marketline mortgage . i will never go anywhere else . all 3 loan transactions have been seamless and very quick . once i needed a 3 week close and it happened no problem . they are the company to go with - very highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when we called to change pick up time , receptionist informed us there was a walk-a-thon and we should pick up our car before streets closed off . i 'm so grateful for that receptionist or we would have ruined our travel plans for the day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service and location . my buddy and i flew into toronto and spent a couple of days there . the plan was to drive to niagara falls and fly home out of buffalo . this location is right downtown and in an underground shopping center , which was very close to our hotel . we were picking up the car on sunday and leaving after the blue jays game . because the rental place closes earlier on sundays , we had to take control of the vehicle before the game started . when i explained this to the guy at the counter he advised me to just leave the car in their garage until after the game , saving us from having to pay for parking it somewhere else . this was really cool and that 's what we did . also the price i booked online for two days and a one way rental was only $ 80 usd total . i thought that was really good as one-ways are usually super high . this was way better for us , as it gave us the flexibility to fly home out of either airport . thanks alamo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "price was the deciding factor as they were 25 % less then anyone else . location was convenient . service was friendly and efficient . on the downside they did n't have the sub compact i asked for so we had to make do with a black dodge charger with all the bells and whistles for the same price . they even threw in a free second driver option to help cover the inconvenience . i was actually impressed with the fuel economy of the muscle car . we averaged 38 mpg on the trip to ottawa . all in all pretty good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been renting from them regularly for about a year now and they have been very good , especially their people and how respectful they are , not just pretense . cars have been great and clean . i do n't expect the world just because i 'm slightly inconvenienced but care about how smooth the transaction and interaction is . it 's worked out so far . a few times i 've also had to make changes and pick things up later than what i had booked it for . for all of these occurrences they were very accommodating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not book here . had a reservation for saturday at 4:00 pm . called to double check at 3:15 and was assured everything was good . arrived at 5 minutes to 4:00 pm and they had closed despite my reservation , phone call to double check the booking , and their office hours still being open . knocked and called just to be ignored by the employee that was still in the back office . called customer care and was offered a car at a high rate all the way at pearson . no responsibility was taken by the company . myself and 3 friends missed a wedding thanks to alamo .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "girls night out at the charcoal room ! wonderful dinner ! ! our waitress , laura , suggested splitting three ways ... the crab dip , pan seared rib eye , alaskan king crab legs , and a couple of sides . ca n't say enough about how delicious the meal was for us all ! great wine and a lovely experience ! highly recommend this place and ca n't wait to go back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we decided to try the charcoal room we really enjoyed the service . the manager and chef even came and personally greeted our table . the busser kept our drinks full throughout the entire meal . i would compare the service to that of the steakhouse at four seasons accept you do n't have to wear a suit jacket . the server was impeccable ask for tony when you go . the only reason we 're not giving 5 stars is the size of the cocktails . the margaritas were delicious but very small , and not even in margarita glasses . we would definitely go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i found this place as we were wondering through the casino . the servers were warm , friendly and very helpful . our waiter and waitress gave us good advice in helping us make our selections for dinner . they are a little on the pricey side , but it was worth every dollar . our prime rib was seasoned well and was cooked to a perfection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came in and took a seat at the bar , the bartender vanya was nice , speedy with the drinks ! we then sat in brians section , he suggested the scallops , very succulent ! my girlfriend had a petite filet , cooked to perfection , i love this place ! we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing restaurant ! i ordered the surf n turf . every single bite was pure heaven . attentive staff and nice atmosphere . i will definitely return the next time i am in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was super slow , food was still good . it was my birthday dinner with my family and friends . last year were much better than this time around .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a disappointing dinner . there was absolutely no attempt to treat us like valued guests . i was celebrating a birthday and no one asked if we were celebrating a special event . i asked specifically for my dressing for the salad to be on the side but it was poured over the salad . yes i could have sent it back but simply not worth the trouble . the manager walked by our table several times and was standing at the podium when we left but never bothered to ask how dinner was . for these prices we expect better quality of service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "zaxby 's chicken tenders and crinkle fries are delicious ! ! they have a nice selection of dipping sauces to choose from . the staff was very friendly and the service was fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was n't greeted when we came in . the drink station was covered in sticky residue . my husband spilled his tea and he went up and told them at the counter as well as the fact that about ten tables around us were dirty and greasy . had to wait a few minutes for someone to come clean one for us , even though we were one of two customers . the man came out , wiped off one table for us , walked right by the spill , and walked away . no other tables were cleaned for over twenty minutes but someone was out sweeping trash in the parking lot . on the plus side , the food was pretty good . i would hesitate to come back here again though because i can go to a mcdonalds with a better cleanliness record .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "visited on june 29th . could not find a clean table , soft drink area was dirty and strew with depris , floor had n't been swept for a long time , littered with food , napkins . will never go back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "15 min . wait for dine in , all the tables were dirty w food , trash and grease . stepped up to place order , was not greeted , just looked at . give your order and then get looked at some more . ok next ? can i offer anything , no up sales , they just stand there looking at you . no lids for cups , trash all over the cup area and ketchup all over the counter . this zaxbys needs a lot of help .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "going on a 45 minute wait ( and counting ) for dine in . it is not crowded at all but as i look around , it appears that my table is not the only one . the drink station is extremely messy and the ice water machine has no ice at all in it . this location seems to be very poorly managed and or under-staffed . i feel for the 2 employees that are trying to cover everything but this is inexcusable . it is close to home but i highly doubt i 'll be back and would not recommend to others .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was disappointed at lunch today . my brioche bun was definitely not brioche but a soggy hamburger bun which made the entire sandwich taste gross . i 'm giving it 3 stars though because the sandwich we had the other day on texas toast was great ! i know they 're new so i 'll give it some time and hopefully they 'll get to where they should be and work out those kinks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best birthday cake milkshake in the land ! ! food is always tasty but sometimes the wait for the food is way to long . the cleaning aspect in the front of the house is a little dicy sometimes so i always get drive thru", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we 've been to this location about 4 times , and have never had an issue . grand opening day was a bit slow , and the food was just ok , but it seems like the flavor issue has been worked out and everything is delicious ! not sure what all the complaints are about since we have never had an issue with an order , but maybe it 's because we only use the drive through ? the nibblerz are great ( as are all the chicken sandwiches ! ) , the cookies are fantastic , and the milkshakes are so heavenly ! why am i not living in their kitchen ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to zaxbys for 20+ years . i was pretty excited to see one opening just a few miles from home ... until i waited 20 minutes between ordering and getting to the drive thru window . i know these things happen , but no apology was given , the food was cold and we actually had to hand some of it back as it was incorrect . hopefully this is just growing pains and it will be sorted out . i love zaxbys and i know how great they can be .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "manager called to apologize for the inconvenience , said that milkshakes are back in stock . i appreciated that . wife did drive thru that night and waited over 15 minutes from the time she ordered the milk shake before receiving it . still terribly slow . milkshake was delicious though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have had the zensation salad twice . very good , and plenty of it . only issue is that i had to wait a long time as the girl who took the order made it for dining in and i specifically said that it was 'to go ' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was very surprised at how helpful chris was when i went to sprinkler world . he had the patience to stick with me while i tried to show him what i need to try and get . considering i am not terribly mechanical , this involved more than you might think . i was favorably surprised when he said what he could do for me but he 'd suggest a place that was better for what i needed ! i did n't buy anything ar sprinkler world but certainly would recommend giving them a try . their idea of service certainly fits with what i consider doing a great job . also , plenty of parking is always makes things easier and they have it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always great service . as an amateur , sprinkler world has helped me with parts and supplies for two back yards . they have everything you need here at a reasonable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! they are really trust worthy . they loaned us a sprinkler controller while they fixed ours for a good price . i really like them and would recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go here one time , & you will never again visit home depot for anything sprinkler-system related . very knowledgeable , great prices , easy to do business with .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm sure i 'm not the only homeowner that bought a house and then was like , wait.. where 's the key to the sprinkler system . i had no clue what kind i had as the cover had been painted and had no clue where to even begin . thank goodness my realtor at twins & co. recommended sprinkler world . i walked in one afternoon with photos of the painted cover and a thought from my realtor as to what the brand was ( which i quickly half forgot of course ) . i walk in , feeling like a complete idiot as i tell my story and say the name of the manufacturer wrong multiple times ( and do n't realize it until i 'm corrected by a play-laughing staff member on my way out ) . i got a few keys to make sure i never lose them again ... they were the right ones the first time.. and they 're super cheap . total win ! ! ! and they 've gained my trust ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first off 6 $ pitches fyi there are many spicy lamb kabob spots in toronto , this is by far my favourite . i find they do n't use ( as much ) msg as other ones , and they have really good dishes , not just cheap lamb kabobs . it can get to be a little spicy but its just south watering delicious ! must try is the lamb of course , the shrimp is also a must try and at 5 $ for 6 u ca n't go wrong , if u really like it spicy try the bbq chilli peppers 3 $ for 3 . one of my most favourite dishes is the lamb with noodle , it 's under the `` m '' section . does get busy and packed up , so be ready to wait if its around dinner time . ca n't complain about the service , all the staff are friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we keep coming back to this place for bbq skewers even there are other similar bbq restaurants closer to home . tasty flavor and reasonable prices . lamb skewers are my all time favorite and my son loves the sausages ( cuz it 's on the sweet side ) . i also recommend the shrimp skewers . stir fried noodles are on the oily side . but you can ask them to less oil and it 'll be perfect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would give this place a 3.5 stars . the good : this restaurant is opened late at night , until 2 am ! i came here around 9:30 for a snack . the prices are pretty cheap . most of the skewers are not per order , but come in 3s so it 's great for a group . the bad : the lamb is good here , but i 've tasted better elsewhere . and also , their seasoning is very spicy . i needed water and and a cold drink . this place does n't look like the cleanest place but still passes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "in the midst of all the chinese restaurants in this plaza yangs was great . if you 're looking for good affordable authentic chinese food without the fancy schmancy decor then you 've made a good choice . i had their noodles , and dumplings and it passed my taste buds test with flying colors .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we placed our order and sent it in and we were left waiting for 30minutes . we asked multiple times throughout where our order is but all they mentioned was they would check on it . after 45minutes past , the waiter came telling us they lost our order and wanted us to rewrite it . the service we received was ridiculous and they did not offer any compensations . do not come here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "legit recommend this place ! came here for a late night chinese style bbq after drinks . price is good and food is good ! small draft pitchers are $ 5.99 lamb skewers - 3.5 stars ! could have cooked on the bbq for a minute more and it the lamb had a bit more fat then it would be 4.5 stars ( $ 3.99 for 3 skewers ) . soft bone chicken was 4 stars , i miss these extra large size soft bones.. hard to find this size at most other chinese bbq restaurants . the `` water cook fish '' for $ 10.99 ( small size ) was legit and authentic - 4.5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yang 's is probably one of the best skewer places in the gta area that i have tried . their lamb , chicken gizzard , cabbage , sausage , mushrooms skewers.. they are all soo good . food comes out at a decent rate . service on the other hand.. not exactly the best . it 's very very random . sometimes we have good service from the waiters , sometimes it 's just a sloppy mess with bad attitude . oh and everytime we order rice to go with our skewers . 100 % of the time they forget the rice for some reason . mediocre service aside . the food itself is worth going for . def recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is disgustingly dirty . the tables are n't cleaned properly , the floors are greasy , the washrooms are atrocious . however , the food is decent but extremely questionable with their lack of hygiene .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tucked in the corner of the midland-finch plaza , this place caters to mainly mainlanders , but the servers do speak both cantonese and mandarin . noise is quite loud , especially after 10pm when all the students come in . in terms of the food though , it was generally delicious . the skewers though were a little bit on the tough side , though the amount of herbs they add is a rather nice addition . the beef on sizzling hot plate was one of the best i 've had , and i generally dislike hot plates due to the fact i always seem to get it overcooked . this one was cooked perfectly , not too hard , and we managed to just finish it , so portions were excellent . very good service as well , though you sometimes have to yell across to get their attention .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for lamb skewers ! sometimes i drive 20 km just to come here for dinner ! the cumin flavour is spot on , though it can get quite spicy . the beef noodles is great as well , though it is a bit on the oily side . portions are quite good so you wo n't leave starving . the dumplings are just ok , i think it is better at other restaurants.. i would say this restaurant is best for the skewers if you can handle the heat ! great place for groups as everything is sharable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and busy atmosphere for drinks and bbq with friends . we ordered a bit of everything : cumin lamb stir fry dish , pork belly hot plate , lamb and quail skewers , a vegetable dish , shredded cold potato , and the caramelized sweet potato dish for dessert . hands down , the skewers and hot plate were the most memorable . things are spicy , but not more spicy than say a korean or indian or szechuan place . i have to say , the non-bbq items really help to round out the meal so do n't skimp on the shredded potato or beer ! the caramelized sweet potato desert is a must-try , too ! only real complaint is that the service was mediocre - but what do you expect at a chinese joint ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "6 $ pitchers ! not your regular domestic beer , from a microbrewery but the quality does n't lose out . the place is a little dirty but if you 're only there for the food i 've never gotten sick from them before ... the lamb skewers , vegetable soup , and home made dumpling is a must try ! be careful of the juices of the dumpling though , it will burn your tongue .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for some skewers because it looked pretty popular and i was really craving chinese bbq . we waited for fifteen minutes after we ordered and asked the waitress when our food would get here and she said she would check . 15 minutes later we still had nothing and we thought it was just a busy night until we noticed a table that came way later than we did get their food so we asked another waiter for our food . he proceeded to check the system and said they lost our ordering sheet and asked us to reorder . during all of this we saw him sit down with some customers to drink beer so ... thanks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is great to get your bbq greasy food fixing . the beer on tap is undeniably cheap and the taste is a true testament to the price , also cheap . i 've tried most of the skewers and they all taste good . the price is also very fair . the downsides are service and cleanliness . they are understaffed and often times i doubt whether the cups we are using has been washed thoroughly but hey , you did n't come here expecting shangri-la ambience did you ? come for the food , stay for the beer and look forward to the bloated stomach and a good time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hate calvin s. despite everything he said his review is true . i wanted to be the first to review , he beat me to it . my friend 's studio is across the street and this is the default place we go to . this is probably the best chinese food restaurant that i 've been because the offering is so unique from what is offered everywhere . everything they made was different and good . the food is very spicy and have heavy spices which i love . we just order from the bbq menu . this is what we had : bbq mushroom : super delicious and juicy bbq dried tofu : my friend 's a vegetarian and ordered this , it was good bbq potato slices : this taste like fresh potato chips , yummy bbq sausage : my favourite ! juicy and beefy with a sweet flavour sooo good ! bbq chicken : cooked just right where it 's cooked and still juicy . bbq whole shrimp : 4 shrimps on a skewer . spicy and delicious shrimps all this for only $ 31 . would definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here few years ago and it was n't bad so i decided to try it out again . the sour soup , meat was pretty good . the draft beer is really cheap but you should n't drink it all the time . not a very genuine beer . the place is normal line northern chinese restaurant . it opens late a night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "must try ! ! ! ! favourite in toronto ! ! ! ! ! both the meats and vegetables very good ! ! ! and it 's not very expensive ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stumbled on this restaurant and were n't sure what to expect but after trying it , we were pleasantly surprised by how tasty the food was . we ordered bbq skewered lamb , pork belly , chicken wings , and quail . all the meat was perfectly bbq and we 'll seasoned . the meat was tender and juicy . we tried the small hot and sour soup which was a very big bowl that could easily feed 6 people . overall fast service . very flavourful bbq skewers . definitely coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here with some friends and had the sichuan fish hot pot , jellyfish , fried spicy cabbage , cold cucumbers and lamb skewers . i quite enjoyed everything , especially the fish . however , the next day , there was fire , if you know what i mean ; - ) . the $ 7 pitchers were a nice touch ! i was the only laowai there but it 's all good ; - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yang 's lamb skewers , chicken gizzards , cabbage skewer , are to die for . ( almost everything is here ) . i would n't say the price is extremely cheap , but it is reasonable . this place is definitely worth going to if you like spicy food . however it is not the cleanest place to eat . but hey , as long as the food tastes good , its good in my eyes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place is a little dirtier than i 'd like , but sometimes those are the spots with the best grub . i also like how they have tissues on the side of each table to use . food is good , their lamb skewers may not be up to par with xin jiang , but their beef is much better . they have a lot of reasonably priced variety . beef skewers , grilled cabbage , and pork belly skewers are my go-to times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very very bad attitude . waiting for half hour 2 waitresses only serve other table not ours . tried to ask waitress . who is very rude and reply you can cancel anytime do n't rush me . ! disappointed", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great chinese bar b q . the lamb is fantastic . came here for lunch . it was busy but the service was still very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have a history with this place . it used to be a ghetto little shop that had $ 10 all u can eat skewers , and $ 6 pitchers of watered down beers . it was amazing . it was n't long after a group of friends and i came here for my birthday where about 6 of us had 40 skewers each , that they ended up shutting down renovating a bit and rebranding , which sadly resulted in the $ 10 all you can eat deal was no more . now , it 's a la carte so it 's a bit more expensive , but the taste is still the same . you get that grimey street food taste and feeling , oily , greasy , and unhealthy as hell . but it still tastes so good . so much spices and cumin . everything kinda has a similar flavour to it so u can easily get sick of the flavours lol . but , oddly enough . i still like this place for what it is .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "4 star for bbq . 3.0 for others . the bbq is real chinese bbq , taste very good ! and the place is noisy and dirty..be prepared to wait since there is only one waitress , at least when we were there from 5:30 to 6:45 . love the bbq beef , wings is ok , not as good as those i had in china . they added fish and concentrated crab stick in the blood cake , this is the first time i saw seafood cook with the blood cake ... so strange ... but taste ok , very spicy . do n't like the baked oyster at all ... .no taste ... . will come back for the bbq only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food here was alright , service was complete garbage though . stood at the door for a good 10-15 minutes ( being the only ones waiting there ) and the waiters waitresses do n't even acknowledge your existence . head to tiger bbq on alton tower for a better overall experience yo !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan of good szechuan cooking.. and this place is.. really good . they have a big variety of menu items making it hard to choose what to eat . we had lamb skewers , chicken gizzard skewers , fried spicy chicken bone-in , spicy cold noodles , and spicy 'water-boiled fish ' . all the dishes had very good flavouring and portions were large . the grilled items were seasoned generously . there were large quantity of szechuan peppercorn in the dishes which i love . the prices were also affordable . a great place for anyone looking for amazing spicy chinese food", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my wife 's favorite place , we went here on a date before tying the knot later . the lamb skewer always have me craving for more ... it was just that good . many times in the night like 10:30pm we would drive all the way across city to come here for couple skewers , if your mandarin is as rusty as mine , better just speak english , no need to embarrass yourself in front of your date . the other skewers are good too . but lamb and also pork belly stood out from the crowd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 2 home brewed beer and smoked bbq lamb skewer ! they have two beer that they make in house . golden or dark . it 's by no mean at the same level as store bought beer , but if it 's cheap and `` kinda '' unique . the light really shines , when it comes to their lamb skewer . nicely spiced and juicy as heck . their grilled cabbage is n't bad either . it 's plain and simple , but flavourful . just a tad oily , than what i would like normally . i 'll come back for more lamb skewers for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered the skewers and dumplings here and they were delicious ! highly recommend the beef , chicken and lamb skewers . some of the beef skewers were a little raw but the lamb skewers were quite fatty which made them very tasty . they all had a spicy kick to them too ! you ca n't go wrong with any of the dumplings either . the portions here are big for the cheap price . came here with a group of 8 people and we paid about $ 15 each but we were stuffed by the end . would come again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "northern-style skewers : super spicy , super oily , and pretty darn addictive . my favourite were the lamb skewers . even though everything is basically seasoned the exact same way , the cumin and chilli meshed especially well with lamb . the potato spirals are also fun , and break up the monotony of all the meat dishes . paired with cheap beer on tap , this is a fun late-night place to hit up for snacks and conversation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a go to place for my group of friends . there 's so much variety on the menu and the bbq here is amazing . this is a place to go for a relatively cheap and very filling and satisfying meal . the more people the merrier has you can try more items on the menu . do n't expect a high level of service or think about sanitation though..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hate leaving bad reviews but i went here yesterday and ended up with food poisoning . the service was good but really slow and the food was okay but really salty ! i will certainly not be going back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is disgustingly dirty . the tables are n't cleaned properly , the floors are greasy , the washrooms are atrocious . however , the food is decent but extremely questionable with their lack of hygiene . most of all , the owner of this restaurant asked me to pay tip when i went up to the counter to pay my bill . obviously the owner collected all the tip and i refused to give him the tip but instead i went back to the table and gave it to the server . i would never come back to this horrible restaurant ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we used to go to this place a lot for bbq food and they were great , i think one of the best in toronto for chinese bbq items . loved their bbq cabbage , very unique . this place sells cheap local brewed beer as well . however , i stopped going to this place now they really need to improve their cleanliness , i was there one time and the washroom was disgusting with flies ! ! city of toronto also posted a yellow notice with conditional pass sticker at the door . the cloth that they used to clean tables are disgusting , leaves a really disgusting smell . i mean their food is excellent and authentic but it 's a dirty restaurant , a few of my friends have also stopped going there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "poor service , and worst waitresses who have absolutely no idea what they are doing , food was just average and the worst part is they make constant mistakes on your bills . please i urge all of you to check your receipt in detail before paying", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has amazing bbq dishes and jellyfish salad . i always come here late at night on a weekday and they are always busy ! reasonable price for what you 're getting and they have beer on tap . i do n't know about their main dishes but normally i come here for the little bbq appetizers . service is fast as well and they do have an interac machine . i took off one star because of how clean it is .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "authentic chinese style bbq and i totally remind me of home . they have all kinds choices there such as chicken breasts , wings , chives , string mushrooms , tofu etc . the only warning is that most of stuff there is spicy ... so make sure you could handle spice . soy milk seems to be a good drink to dilute spice ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place . amazing bbq . must try their skewers especially shrimp , lamb , sausage , squid and chilli . what 's even more amazing ? it 's open late night ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here about 3 times now for the bbq and i have to say , their bbq is highly addictive ! my all-time favourites are chicken cartilage , cabbage , mushroom and lamb skewer . love how the portion is not too big if you have someone to share with ; the bbqs are lightly spiced but you can still taste the natural flavour of your food ! service is not the best but it 's alright given that the restaurant is always extremely busy ! but my advice for you is to either call in to make a reservation if you have a big group or go there around 4-5pm on a weekend before it gets too crowded !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried this place last night around 9pm and it was packed . actually really great food though ( my stomach is making noises now ) and decent service for a chinese restaurant . me and my party of 4 mainly ordered from the skewers bbq part , which was the bomb and definitely would recommend if you 're coming here . favourite : - beef : good meaty pieces with only a bit of fat . - sausage : sweet and savoury mmmm - korean cabbage : and not it 's not kim chi . they drench the cabbage in the spices so what seems like is healthy is so not which is perfect . those were my favourite three , but honestly everything else was amazing . the only thing i would stray away from are 1 . oysters and 2 . eggplant . you can taste the frozen in the oyster . oh and warning , i love spicy . so this was the perfect amount for me and i would definitely come here again !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here for the first time yesterday . the lamb bbq and dumplings were amazing . there pitcher of light beer is perfect accompaniment to the food and at 7 bucks is a steal . very simple place and nothing fancy but a must go if you are in scarborough . service was quick and friendly . good price , awesome food , must try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "late night northern chinese bbq restaurant in scarborough . the bbq skewers are excellent . whole shrimp , beef , lamb , chicken gizzards , etc.. are all cooked nicely and spiced with a northern chinese spice mix . very good value from about $ 4- $ 6 on most items . some of the other dishes however were lacking and disappointing such as the beef roll wraps and dumplings . service was quick . a pitcher of draft beer is really cheap at $ 7 for any drinkers out there , but this leads to a rowdy drunk and loud late night crowd which diminishes the restaurant experience . most likely different from a day crowd but we came late around midnight and restaurant closes at 2 am so had this experience . the other negative is that he place is not the cleanness around as lots of bamboo skewers and napkins and stuff on the floor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i live for the nights of food festivals and bbq 'd meats and veggies on a skewer . yang 's recreates that bbq-goodness wonderfully in its cozy restaurant . i love how every skewer is bursting with flavour - granted , it 's spicy and the flavour is the same flavour regardless of which skewer you get , whether it be beef , lamb , or mushroom , but it 's a great place to go to for snacks with friends , or for a dinner when you just want some good old asian comfort street food ! will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was good and spicy . but the service is terrible . they act like they ca n't understand english . we ordered a pitcher of lager and they gave us a dark beer . do n't bother asking any questions about the menu . not helpful at all .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yangs bbq is similar to most northern style chinese food restaurants . it is tucked in the corner of finch and midland . they are open until 2am so that 's always a plus ! we ordered the dumplings , skewers , pancake , dry chicken in a wok , and a chicken noodle dish . their portions are quiet generous . it should be noted that , their food is very oily and spicy . would only recommend if you are feeling hungry & cold .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have a love and hate relationship with this restaurant . have been going here for a couple of years the food was good and the price is very cheap . however except rude service and when they are busy cleanliness is not their top priority . we always order the bbq skewers - lamb , beef , pork belly , bbq korean cabbage and steamed dumplings with hot and sour soup . out last visit was not good . one of our bowl that was brought to us was unwashed with leftover food from the previous customer . the floor was dirty with napkins and not clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yang 's serves some of the best and cheapest food around . unfortunately they have some of the least helpful and optimistic staff in the area . if you do n't receive attitude you will be receiving nothing at all . the queuing has no system what so ever . truly the wild west of seating in restaurants . what keeps bringing me back is the food & cheap beers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like the burgers , the fact that they have so much to put on them . it 's like a more expensive version of five guy burgers , just a little better . and the inside 50-60ish decor is really nice . it feels like being back in time . this place is a very chill family type place . i think kids will love it , the place screams fun . i got there big chesse burger , they need to add some spice to the patties . i think they like to play it safe when it comes to flavor . i 'm more into home country cooking , where they use the kitchen sink . no average burger place for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this would be a one-star review , except that their food and shakes are pretty good . their service , however , was awful . my husband and i waited over 10 minutes for a waitress to come by and take our order , but no one ever did ! we eventually got up and left , and no one even noticed . lesson learned - if i want their food , i will order takeout .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we went to a teen showcase here to expose our daughters to the arts and i was pretty disgusted . they changed the lyrics to rent so that the song was heterosexual . if you want to be prudish and homophobic you will have a hard time preparing kids for hollywood . they could have picked any other duet but to alter the words to `` protect modesty '' made my tea curl . this is on top of feedback issues , really bad castings , terrible off key singing , and behind the beat dancing . one would be better off seeing some of the plays produced at the local high schools or unlvs theater department .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my son has been in hollywood kids academy for three shows . and has now moved up to the stars level . as well as the glee class . my daughter is now going to both . they are amazing . teaching kids how to perform on stage acting , dancing , singing . the change in my children 's ability to sing is unbelievable . the confidence on stage is so great to see . i love this studio and would recommend it to anyone who 's child wants to perform .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great musical theater for kids ! awesome beginning training . complete theater , staging , costumes ! all the kids work hard and put there hearts into it ! it 's amazing for them to participate and put on the big show ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hollywood kids has done great things for both of my girls . one who is extroverted , one who is introverted ; however you would never know based on all the work they 've done to help make them both strong , nurture who they are , and help them learn to find and grasp their confidence as well . they are modest , professional and know what they 're doing . i would highly recommend them", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been going here for a few seasons . my kids love it here and the staff truely cares about the kids . you have a few choices for classes . my kids love the broadway series . they get a chance to be up on stage and perform .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't speak much of their classes because i have n't gotten past having my phone call returned after leaving 3 voicemails between the two locations . that was in july and still no call back . i even dropped by but it was when they were closed . so i give one star for poor & unprofessional first impression .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you want a great place to take your children where they will be treated with respect and encouraged to be who they are , be a member of a great team , and make lasting friendships while enhancing their talents - this is the place ! ! ! ! i was very happy to have found this organization where my son , ( who has some difficulties with self esteem ) , was able to not only meet great people ( teachers and students ) who made him feel like he belonged and encouraged him to not only tap into his talents but share those talents with others , which ultimately boosted his self-esteem . in this organization , it is true that `` no child gets left behind , '' and all the children participate and have great teachers who provide positive , energetic and professional encouragement to not only bring out their talent but have fun doing it . i can not express enough how amazing this organization - hollywood kids - is . i believe that every child has a talent and this organization is a place that every child could benefit from participating in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will never go back to this store ! the associates smother you , which is infuriating and rude after the 10th interruption in 20 minutes . the last time i went in to browse , i tried on a few items and was harrassed into buying a $ 60 `` skincare system '' which i really did n't want or need . so tonight i went back to exchange the skin goodies for some shirts . when i came back from the register , the gal insisted that i give her my phone number and address before she could go through with the exchange ( i never give out my number ) . she and the manager refused to exchange my items until my girlfriend finally gave them hers . wtf ? no work-around ? i was seriously ticked off , because a simple exchange took over 20 minutes . after two horrific experiences , i 'll forgo the overpriced clothes and instead go to old navy or babies r us ' maternity departments ( or order online ) . not . worth . it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "out of milk at 7:30 ? ? ? with a yogurt shop 25 yards away ? the burger was decent though . typically airport service , typically airport prices . no milkshake for me tonight .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i has my first smash burger ever . candice was so sweet and helpful . the burger was great . fries were hot . very good for airport food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast friendly service with delicious food every time . this place is clean and they get your food to you fast and with a smile om their face ! love it and definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stood in front of two counter people about 5 minutes ; neither one acknowledged me , made eye contact or offered anything . i just got off a flight and was really hungry for a hamburger -- this would have been my first at smashburger . i went next door and had tacos instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got bumped from my original flight home , so used the spare time to find a good burger . i must agree with several other reviewers that the burger here is a notch above those i 've eaten at other airport terminals . the smash fries are outstanding ( rosemary , garlic and olive oil ) ! the free drink refills are a nice touch as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like the other post suggests , the staff were a little rude and seemed very uninterested . the burger and fries are good though , filling and tasty . i really enjoyed my oreo shake .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fast , clean and staff is super friendly . veggie burger is good . has a slight kick . cheeseburger , oreo shake and fries also yummy . nice to get good food in the belly before boarding the plane back to boston", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a good option at the phoenix airport , their fries are really good . i do n't know if i 'd go to any other branch , just good for the airport .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is yummy , the choice of a whole wheat bun gives it extra points . i wish there was a smashburger in durango , co ... . oh well until that time i will continue to eat at this wonderful burger place in the phx airport !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "smash burger is quite good . the burger i ordered tasted very fresh . the frys were crispy and had a wonderful taste . not tl salty . just right . my cashier provided good customer service . the cook in the back is efficient and quick . great staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is in terminal 4 , 2nd floor , before you get through security . i always stop here for morning flights to get the breakfast burger . egg , bacon , cheese , and hamburger . ca n't beat it ! much less crowded than the post security restaurants too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time eating at a smashburger . extremely slow service . the grill people were busy talking as we waited almost 12 minutes for a skinny over salted , maybe 2-3 ounce burger . they really were n't that busy and the chefs , as i said were n't busting their buns to get food out ! i will maybe try them again but not at the airport . no promises !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a great burger and fries ... on the run through the airport ! this is a stop and enjoy burger ! i 'll be finding them in phoenix on new regular routes for that constant burger craving . the fries were hot and fresh , so good ... did n't need ketchup ! hard to believe this coming from a `` fast food '' place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "easily the best fast food burger i have ever had . soooo good . i need one where i live . but the lady who was helping us was kind of rude and the milkshake was very watery . just stick to getting the burger and fries and not the milkshakes . unless you like them watery . all in all i went there for a burger and it was the best !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got the classic burger and oreo shake combo . the oreo shake was delicious but i did n't feel the burger was anything special . i 'll probably give it another chance , at a non-airport location and see how it goes . the egg bun is neat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very disappointing - called from the plan at 8:30 to place an order but was told that they 've '' just shut down '' even though they close at 9 . disappointed in the lack of customer service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty solid burger . fries look dinky but are crispy and flavorful . free refills . and `` normal '' fast food prices . all that considering i 'm in an airport and that equals 5-stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always love their burgers as well as the options they have to get them custom made . always fresh ingredients and made to order and not just sitting in the back under a heat lamp . awesome fries and beverages as well . yum ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very reasonably priced for the airport , service was great , and my burger came out so fast it actually burned my tongue ( i 'm gon na take the blame for that ) . i could not , however , get over how much this tastes like fatburger , which made me really miss fatburger in phoenix , and also made me drop smashburger a star for being unoriginal . great burger . did i mention i miss fatburger in the valley ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had never been here before , but was expecting really good food , this was not the case . when i ordered there did not appear to be anyone waiting for their food , however , there actually were many that had been sitting down around the food court . my food ( it was only me ) took at least 15 minutes and the shake was not ready . the french fries were really pretty bad , cold and grease running so that the bag was saturated thoroughly . i did think the hamburger was good . i do not think i ever would have been served my shake if i had not asked again for it from the cashier about three minutes later . when it arrived , it was a full four inches below the lip of the cup . after considering the rest of the experience it was a little funny but pretty sad as well . the shake tasted good . but the service and lack of organization was bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this must be smashburger lite . more money less food , longer wait . could n't be more disappointed in one of my favorite burger places . smash fries were n't like any smash fries i have ever purchased , the image on their display looks like the fries i usually receive but these were much smaller and in a very tiny container . i ordered a double cheeseburger and received a double burger with no cheese . yes i did order a milkshake and yes i know that should n't be on my diet but i love their milkshakes . i think the guy making milkshakes thought it should n't be on my diet either because he gave me a half milkshake . yes the 16oz cup was about half full . when you come to phoenix eat at chelsea 's kitchen not smashburger . i love smashburger just not this one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time here and i have to say this is one of the best airport burgers i 've ever had . fries were hot and crispy and the burger was very juicy . they 'll customize the burger so do n't be afraid to ask . this is a much better option than the mcdonalds past security if you are craving a burger before you take off .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the classic smashburger had good flavor . it was a little messy to eat and layers tended to slide around - like you had to eat the whole thing without putting it down . and it did n't taste quite as good after i looked up the calorie-count . fries were very greasy . likely will eat elsewhere next time through sky harbor airport .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here after a long day in the phx sun . it was a great way to finish the day before catching my plane . the service was quick and pleasant . the food tasted great . my burger was charbroiled to perfection and the meat to bun ratio was on point . i had the fries and they were fresh and not greasy . it completely hit the spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brian was referred to us by a friend and has been providing pest control services for our family including my mother-in-law and brother-in-law for a couple of years . he is the nicest guy and of course does a great job . very professional , very knowledgeable and very sincere . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called in the early morning , after finding 4 scorpions and a black widow the night before , as a new client and brian was able to fit us in same day which was amazing . he sprayed for everything and ants . have n't seen anything since the spraying . affordable pricing as well . definite thumbs up from us", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unicorn pest control is the only company i would let come in to my house . brian is knowledgeable and knows his stuff . he has been doing our house since we moved in and all we have seen is a few dead scorpions . last week , we found a scorpion in our house , and i 'm convince it came from the neighbor house . my husband text brian right after ( this is 8:30pm ) , and next thing i know , he is at my front door with a black light . he knows we have a toddler and a baby and he checked every single room in our house and he continued to sprayed our house to make sure we did n't get any more . he was just here that week so he did n't charge us extra for the spot check . i would drop the big companies , and go with this guy . he is for sure the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unicorn pest control is fantastic ! ! brian is very friendly , personable and professional . he is extremely knowledgeable and provides a phenomenal customer service experience . i have used upc for the last 3 years and at 2 different houses . brian is on time and sends a text to confirm . he has been accommodating when my toddler was younger and would text me when he got there instead of ringing my doorbell . upc pricing is affordable and reasonable at $ 59 for the first time and $ 48 monthly . i really ca n't be any more complimentary to brian and unicorn pest control .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "surprise used to be a happy magical town . i had always felt safe here , always felt the kids were safe . however as of late , not so much . crime has really made way into our little town . sure , every city has crime , but spd has seem to have taken a vacation and turns their backs . maybe it 's because they are so busy giving out tickets on bell and greenway . the 303 is a nightmare . traffic is awful because of the construction . that makes no sense . roads that are open one day and closed without notice the next . lets not have 2 main artery roads closed at once . ok , thanks . basically the city has become more dedicated to deciding where to open the next super walmart and not caring for the mom and pops that opened and are trying to survive . when the mayor passed away a few years ago , that was when surprise went .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "surprise , i 'm done with you ! i 'm done with your restaurants , your butcher shop , and even trader joes ! i received a ticket for having my high beams on ( my mistake ) , but the $ 200 ticket has made the risk of driving through your city unfathomable . my tax revenue will stay in my city or other surrounding cities . i understand i made a mistake , but it was quite unintentional and , quite frankly , one is legally allowed to use high beams when necessary . goodbye babbo 's , trader joes , new york deli , rita 's , etc .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "surprise has a mixture of rural and suburbia . instead of fighting the crowds in urgent cares and doctors ' offices in central phoenix , we prefer going further out for our non-emergency medical care . even though the drive is a little longer , we enjoy the desert scenery and wide open spaces . the big pay-off is our blood pressure is always lower by the time they take our vitals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "$ 100 fine for having an a-frame sign in front of my business door ? ? private property ! never open a business in the city of surprise because you will be surprised with fines left and right for no good or logical reason !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had an accident with my ralliart and brought it to newmarket collision center since it was associated to the newmarket mitsubishi . todd coolahan is the person in charge there and he really took good care of my car . i have no complaints , the car came back without a scratch and looked brand new . i was very impressed with the work and i had an issue with something afterwards and todd took care of it even though it had nothing to do with the accident . hopefully i wo n't need to go there again but if i did get into another accident , i would definitely go see todd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is definitely not recommended . the work done here is n't satisfactory and the fellow that is in charge of the place is a turkey-shaped man named todd . should you have any disagreements with him he will serve you a platter of his defensive attitude and he 'll tell you that he does n't care or that it 's not his problem . avoid at all costs !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after being treated like a piece of meat by my insurance company , these guys came to the table with customer service . not only do they do an awesome job , they mitigated my personal losses in what seemed to be a nightmare scenario . todd coolahan and team were great ; on my side every step of the way and they now have a customer for life . highly recommended for your body work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place will always get my business ... although knock on wood that i do n't need to return . i 'm glad the competitor across town treated me like crap , which led me to research other places for auto body repair . excellent customer service ... quick and more than fair pricing . the car came out looking good as new . try this place first ... highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is horribly good ... went here a few weeks ago , got the spicy , came home and had a few bloody marys with this greasy chicken . i hardly ever eat fried chicken but this place most likely will change my mind . i can appreciate other reviews about this place but i think that if a place is running out of stuff , i would think that its because it 's so good , right ? workers there worked hard and were super nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have tried a couple of other locations and always come back to this one . the manager is a really nice person.+1 . if you like fried chicken give this location a try . it is way above the others . the only downside is that some of the staff do n't understand my english accent at all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worse chicken i ever eat ! ! ! i got sick with food poisoning , i got the special of $ 15 with a half of galon of sweet ice t , i end it up in the hospital , i suggest people , spend a litle more but eat better , i dont ever comeback ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what i love most about this place is their biscuits and cheap prices . biscuits are the best i 've had , crispy sweet top with a soft inside , soooo good . chicken has a very crispy crust . i got the 5 piece with two biscuits for only $ 5 ... such a deal for two people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheap . i liked it better than kfc . place is run down but i did n't expect much either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yum ! definition of comfort food . ok so i am not a big fan of fast food , and though i looove chicken fingers i am kinda picky about em ( no thanks kfc ) . but church 's is one of those exceptions.their chicken fingers are awesome because they come in spicy and traditional yay ! they are long and covered with yummy crispy batter . on top of that , they have of my all time favorite foods : cheese bombers . deep fried cheese and jalapeno filled fritters mmm . yeah so if your on a diet jus stay far away . unfortunately for whatever , reason all the church 's in town ( with the exception of rainbow robindale location ) are all extremely run down looking . i do n't know why but it seems like the owners do not spend any money on upkeep . oh well , just pretend it adds to the novelty of the experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will tell you why they only got 3 stars ... . here it goes the food was good ... the chicken was great ... but they didnt have fries or corn on the cob ... it was like they were out of a lot of stuff ... i was like maybe i shouldnt come here at night but damn it was dinner time ... how can you be out of french fries ... they are so easy to make ... come on ! ! ! then he wants to give me some peppers to make up for it ... come on buddy ... a $ 0.40 peppers is to make up for your inconvience ... umm no ! what an insult ... . will i ever be back ... yes..because of the chicken ... but one more visit like this and i am done . i think i am coming back only b c the chicken was really good ... or maybe because i am black and i am predisposed to loving fried chicken ... i donno lol", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty good . i 've tasted better , but those little corn side things are yummy . i wish they 'd get some gizzards ... or at least some buzzards .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "church 's chicken is my favorite place to go when i am craving chicken this particular location is good the service is great and the customer service is always top notch in my honest opinion church 's chicken is way better then kfc and on top of that you get a better deal with churchs then you do with kfc and there mash potatoes are way better then kfc along with the biscuits love it i plan on going back to churchs again when i start craving chicken again lol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the last stop for the mn crew ! ! church 's chicken baaaaaby ! i 'm like you got ta try the spicy chicken ! they are closed so we hit the drive thru . anyway , i know this chicken is damn good . it 's juicy and spicy and they have good corn and mashed potatoes with gravy . nom . get it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "goooood chicken here ! ! ! crispy , juicy , tasty and always hot ! ! ! unlike popeyes and kfc . the best fried chicken you can get in the west coast ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service is always top notch here . the food is just as great ! i usually purchase the 5 piece for $ 5 . the chicken , sides and biscuits are always fresh . my only complaint is that they charge .30 cents for sauces if you do not have strips . not much of a complaint though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i get here and i hear oh we are out of spicy , so my first thought after working in food industry for four years is it happens . i order the original and sit down with friends . all tables dirty , floor is dirty , but ok fast food on a sunday in vegas area i understand . except it is 11:45 when we got here and it is 12:30 now . i 'm sorry you said ten minutes for spicy i order original and then you ran out and tell me ten minutes like 20 ago . other people behind me getting chicken before me . i 'm sorry but no , i have had better in long beach after church let out on a sunday rush . fix your staffing issues please . food was delicious .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "typical chicken . service was not so great and the spacing to sit in here is very small . location is great but pulling in and pulling out is so hard due to spring mnt road being so busy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love church 's chicken the food is amazing far better than popeyes and kfc definitely my favorite chicken place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fried chicken is decent . a bit dry but good flavor . mashed potatoes are really good . coleslaw sucks . biscuits are the bomb ! ! ! they put a light glaze over them which adds a perfect sweetness to the soft warm center . we arrived around 9:30 pm on a saturday night and the dining room was already closed so we went through the drive through . there were three cars ahead of us and we waited for about 20 minutes . twenty minutes in the drive through is a long time . finally got our food , which was still nice and hot so we were okay . the `` more for $ 4.44 '' deal is a good price . two pieces of chicken with mashed potatoes , coleslaw , and a biscuit for less than $ 5 with tax . no drink though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't care what people say in previous reviews , i came here three times already and its hands down best church 's in vegas , the rest are whack . although i came at closing time one day , they let me chill there as long as i wanted without rushing me . the whole staff is cool people . keep up the good work , i know you really do n't care about your work that much but just know that good food after a stressful day is something meaningful to the people you serve .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is complete trash . the servers are very hot or miss . i ordered rice and mashed potatoes and it did n't even come with a work . do you just want me to eat it chinese style with my hands ? and you workers are asking for $ 15 an hour when you ca n't even give me a proper fork . stick with the minimum mage cause that sounds more reasonable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we stopped by here for for the honey biscuits . i was disappointed to find out when we got to the drive thru that they were out , but we ordered anyway . i got the lemon battered shrimp and fries . my friend got the chicken tenders , mash potatoes , and coleslaw . the six shrimp were very small and about 50 % shell tail . the batter on them was tasty but too salty . the fries were okay . my friend said the chicken tenders were blah . also we got this food on a friday night . the coleslaw was dated sunday 10 am . was that when it was made or when it should be thrown out ? the replacement rolls reminded me of an elementary school lunch . fortunately they are n't on the menu . the guy working the drive thru was polite and seemed to be in a good mood . you would think that is not with mentioning but i 've seen so many people working with the public that seem miserable . he earned the business a second star .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "normally i love churchs chicken but for some reason today it was tasteless . was also disappointed that they do n't have cajun rice here and do n't provide butter nor honey for biscuits . needless to say i cancelled the biscuit order . i 'm not hispanic but cashier tried to speak spanish at the window . hopefully when i return there will be more flavor . do n't want to have to drive to s. rainbow to get my churchs fix .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't care where you 're from or who raised you , i love churchs chicken across the the board anywhere in the united states . and trust me , i have moved from california to indiana to west palm beach to chicago , and even if we visit pensacola , we always eat church 's chicken . always !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheap . fresh . yummy ! what more do you want ? i wish church 's is closer to home ! i always order 4-5 boxes to take home and still taste amazing after a few days ! church 's chicken will always be my pick up when i am in town . it 's better than . popeyes and kfc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "god freakin awful ! ! there were four tables and three of them were filthy , thats never a good sign . the staff was friendly but the chicken tenders were fried too light , the chicken was salty , and the rest of the sides left a lot to be desired . i now understand why the ones in my hometown all closed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just downright good greasy food . honey biscuit is just sickenly good . better than popeye 's chicken , which is damn good in my opinion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff was okay . facility was terrible . dust all over the shelves near food prep . there was also some very questionable characters out front who made it not a great exit or entry . work being done on the bathrooms so they were not available to wash hands before eating ... .food was just okay . not sure i would ever go back to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it is what it is people . crap food . i spent $ 1.99 on a 2pc tuesday special . comes with mash and a bisquit . everything is mediocre but then again i did n't come here for the outstanding quality of food . the guy at the counter hates me cause i asked for ketchup and a fork and i payed for my food with change . i hate him too . all in all cheap and crappy !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "church 's chicken is one of the unfamiliar franchise name i would n't have known or heard of in sf . but las vegas has abundance of fast food franchises i m just gettin to be familiar with or enjoy . church 's chicken is quite similar to what popeye 's has to offer in menu n flavor wise ! but i think church 's chicken is a little less greasier n healthier !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've never dined in . but , someone bought us boxes of this delightfully crispy fried chicken . wow . its the best fried chicken i 've ever had hands down ! must try this if you are visiting from out of town ! you will not regret it . haha .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here before we headed over to golf mart . i 've been craving some spicy fried chicken for a while and even though it was a monday i still wanted some . could n't wait for the tuesday special . hardly any line because we were so early . we ordered a spicy 3 piece combo which comes with a side and soda and biscuit . my hubby and i always share . they gave us a wing , drumstick and a breast . we also got red beans and rice . the drumstick i are was good but it was so small . must have been a small chicken . the red beans and rice is always good . they have that recipe down pat . the breast was too dry for me . you would think being so early in the morning - about 11am - everything would be crispy and succulent . do n't get me wrong - i 'll still eat at popeyes but maybe try a different location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my favourite place for fried chicken .they are so juicy and fill of tasty flavor.even other store under the same brand can not compare this location 's . this 's store is the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came by this location right before closing time to order a bunch of fried chicken for my friends . they were out of a lot of stuff , but the guy was nice enough to throw in what he could . chicken was delicious , though . worth the drive over the kfc that was around the corner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "surprised how good it was . it 's amazing how they can take a piece of chicken the size of a pencil ... coat it ..deep fry it and make it look very big . nice magic trick . the okra was a little too salty ... but good . the service was attentive and fast . it is extremely rare that i ever eat fast food ... maybe once a year ... but gf informed me about the fried okra..which i find better than any french fries . the rest room could have used more maintenance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "location for me was good as i got china town frequently . i picked up at 10 piece mixed meal with half spicy and half original . i love the spicy chicken here . the chicken is usually about the same as other churches but this one seemed to have just a bit more heat in the spicy chicken . the inside as clean and the service was friendly . i 'll more then likely be back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chicken is super good . moist , big pieces . love the biscuits , and mashed potatoes . very friendly and quick service . always go through the drive thru but i always get freshly made , and hot chicken in about 1-3 mins tops . only location we go to , and much better than the one on charleston near walmart , where you almost always get greasy chicken and not so friendly service ( for a pretty baron location , ) this one on spring mountain road is almost always busy after 5 pm , , this place has great food and service for a fastfood joint . food is consistent and tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so it 's been about 6 months at maximum pilates and i love it . pilates has changed my life and how i carry myself . when i have to leave town , i miss it . heather and jessica are great instructors and the studio is so welcoming . if you 're looking to get started in pilates , i would highly recommend maximum pilates .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the instructors at maximum pilates are amazing ! they 're so warm and welcoming and the clientele is very sweet and kind ! i came to maximum pilates on a friend 's recommendation that maximum pilates has done wonders for her knee injury & her health ( she also has a cute , little figure - which she attributes to pilates ) . i had injured my back and was itching to try anything to get me mobile again . heather and her staff have helped me not only become more mobile , but my husband swears i grew an inch - as pilates has really helped me look more lean and long . i highly recommend maximum pilates to anyone who either needs to rehab an injury or get in great shape . you will not regret it ! call them and get on the schedule - you will see phenomenal results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update : it has been 18 months since i have been practicing pilates at maximum pilates and i wish i had before and after photos to share . what a difference ! normally , i would be completely bored by any exercise routine by now , but i still look forward to this one . it has been such a positive experience . the studio has added mat classes to the mix this year and i am enjoying them , too . i work out with heather and pippa and can recommend them both .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heather and ashliegh have changed my life . they are amazing pilates instructors who know their stuff and how to teach it . i 've been practicing pilates for 8 years and these are the best instructors ever . amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought about pilates for years , but even as my body broke down , i just could n't find the time or $ $ to go . i have been going 2 months now and i love it ! ! ! ! ! heather is a master of knowledge and being able to instruct . she connects with you and is absolutely sooo encouraging that you strive to work harder . i go 2x per week and wish i could go more . it 's an hour of connecting to your body and blocking out all the noise of everyday stuff . she has spoiled me -- i could n't go to another instructor . she rocks ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pilates has been a wonderful addition to my work outs . the instructors are very well trained and help you along every step of the way . they are not only great instructors but they are wonderful women that are alot of fun to be around ! i have never enjoyed working out but nowi look forward to my 2 classes every week and just dont feel like my week was complete when i dont have both classes . try out maximum pilates , it is a wonderful place with really great people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heather is a very knowledgeable , patient , and bubbly person . i came to maximum pilates as a newbie and did n't know a darn thing about it . with her help i 'm beginning to master the reformer and find myself sitting taller and stronger !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been doing pilates here twice a week for over a year . it 's a fantastic place with 2 very skilled instructors . the classes are never too big , so you feel like you 're always getting personal instruction . the equipment is clean and well kept , and it 's a really enjoyable place to spend an hour working on your body ! if you 're new to pilates , take a few private lessons then jump right on in to the semi-private classes of up to 5 people . you 'll be glad you did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called this place one day to get an insurance quote next thing i know i get a bill from them saying i owe them fo rinsurance , even though i 've never been to their office , never signed anything , never payed anything and never requested a policy . so of course i had to call again and find out what this was all about . they had the nerve to tell me i had a policy with them even though i only asked for a quote . i ignored their ridiculous demand for payment for a service i did not use , demand or pay for . i have geico thank-you . now after 5-6 months i am receiving letters from a collection agency trying to recover mr. orchards nearly $ 200 fee for giving me a quote .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to be insured with progressive and came here to get a quote because i was referred by a few good friends their price blew progressive out of the water so i immediately switched over to them that same day . i also just purchased renters insurance with them and went in to the office to meet the agents and staff i was delighted to see how friendly and customer service oriented they all are . ive been with them for months now and have no complaints i made a great choice . ... i also came to find out that this agency is # 1 in their district ! i recommend everyone to call in for at least a quote and see how much you save !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome customer service ! the customer service rep in the front was very helpful and answered all my questions . gary is very knowledgeable and gave me the coverage i needed while saving me tons of money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best insurance agency i have dealt with . always helpful . the staff is knowledgable and have always been able to help me promptly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've never used their delivery service , only walk-in orders . counter service has been hit or miss . we 've never ordered a `` standard '' pizza though , always a 3 topping special with whole wheat thick crust , special sauce and lightly done . when they rush the order entry into the system , they always miss those things and mess up something in the order , usually burning the pizza in the process . when they take their time , and do it right , the pizza has been fantastic ! make sure your receipt shows exactly how you want your pizza done , and you wo n't be disappointed ... watch out for their `` specials '' though ... i 've been overcharged in the past when they enter a special as a standard order and miss the discount .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a lot of bad reviews coming from this pizza pizza , location and i 'm gon na go out on a limb and say i disagree . i 've been enjoying this pizza pizza for the past 3 years or so whenever i 'm in canada . it 's a friendly atmosphere , the staff is polite and nice and the pizza is delicious . although their delivery service may be a bit rough their walk in service is just what i need . pizza pizza is delicious for when you 're in a hurry or if you 're not wanting to cook . how can anyone go wrong with pizza ? : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you want cheap , fast pizza then pizza pizza is the place for you . my most recent trip i had the panzerotti . i lucked out , it was fresh and just came out of the oven . it tasted great . however they charge extra for the tomato sauce on the side . wtf ? pizza pizza was founded by an italian . no self respecting italian eats panzerotti without sauce so why do you charge extra for it . we find that dominoes and 2 for 1 , have more consistent quality on their offerings .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "got the walk in medium pepperoni pizza , excellent crust ! quickly made although it was definitely not busy at the time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "teatro verde is the most expensive but also the best in toronto . they do tons of over the top bouquets and have lots of neat bases , garden stuff and home ware that you ca n't get anywhere else . i always recommend this joint to my guy friends when they want to get something for their lovers . i usually call over and ask for all white and green , $ 50 bouquet and it 's never short of amazing ! they wrap their bouquets in plain plastic with a simple thick ribbon in their signature green . the flowers are rich and thick and rare and gorgeous and they last forever . if you want to go class , then go with these guys every time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the plain and boring facade of teatro verde is really deceiving . i walked by it dozen time without going in as i never realize what i been missing ... . since teatro verde 's building used to be mount sinai hospital , i love how they leave the outside of the building the way it was . they also does a great job in having the area divided into little sections , each have a theme or a colour scheme . this make it easy if you looking for something specific ... . the atmosphere is kind of museum like and quite classy . i can get a gift for almost anyone i know from here ... talking about selections . and it is always fun to browse around to admire their goods on display as they changes with the season and festivities !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've always loved the items at teatro verde , just so unique , classy and elegant . i love buying gifts here . but the service is n't up to par for their prices . for fragile items they should have boxes . their bags are standard and unoriginal and no fun branding for teatro verde .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "be prepared to stay longer than you thought . this store is one of the most interesting in yorkville . from cool to upscale and everything between .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "top notch service ! the store is beautiful with unique and special items . i found the perfect gift for my friends wedding shower and she had the most gorgeous flowers for her wedding done at teatro ! stunning work ! staff is knowledgeable and helpful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favourite place in yorkville for window shopping . go in , enjoy the dazzling magazine-quality interior , and do n't bother checking the price tags on the lovely furniture . however they do have a collection of pretty and amusing accessories at relatively reasonable prices which makes it fun to gift-shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how have i not stumbled upon this heaven until a week ago ? i must have been drugged . i thought it was just a garden store for people with ... huge gardens . little did i know it is chocked full of gift ideas , great furniture , gorgeous decor ... sure , it 's not cheap , but what a fun place to explore . will be back to pick up a fragrance soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best facilities i have been to in my life . have been a d1 athlete and around gyms my entire life and this gym has it all . from the olympic crossfit section that is outside , to the saunas , steam room , pool , stretch room , and top of the line cardio equipment this gym is second to non", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great facility and a good price . love the outdoor area and the backdrop . always seems to be busy but no waits for weights . which i appreciate !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the owners really care about the facility and are onsite daily . there is always something new happening or being offered which correlates to a thriving establishment . there are several themed rooms and multiple live classes ( and even virtual classes ) to meet individual workout needs . trainers are dedicated and available for hire . there is tanning ( and a new type of tanning which uses red light to reduce wrinkles ) and an onsite physical therapy clinic . the pool is always crystal clear and the club is well maintained and constantly be cleaned and updated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is no better gym in the whole east valley . ross keeps things current , always bringing in newer and improved equipment . always improving the aesthetics . just renovated the bathrooms and entry . good layout . fantastic staff who stay on top of every little thing . i have been going here for six years and love it . really , why go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm writing the review based upon my time as a member from mid-2010 to early 2013 . the club itself is very nicely decorated and has full , modern amentities equipment . staff was always very cheerful and helpful . i appreciated that they had full windows in their cardio area and view of the swimming pool . i 'm not sure the swimmers liked being viewed by members sweating it out on eliptical , bikes , but ... locker rooms were very large and clean . i 'm not sure why they installed a drinking fountain by the locker rooms though - i mean , do ppl even drink tap water anymore ? let alone in az where it tastes like dirt ? i would consider replacing w water cooler ? group classes were fab ! i thought all of my instructors were effective . reason i quit and joined mountainside fitness ? the location of peaks is really out of my way ( in regards to where i reside in fh ) , thus impeding my gym routine . currently , my gym is en route from work to home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great gym . i was visiting and stopped by for the day ... $ 10 . the place was very clean . very nice equipment , friendly staff . i would definately recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i have been a member since 2010 and have really enjoyed the facilities . we like the variety ... a pool , steam room , sauna , and many classes to choose from . i am sure it is a thankless job to keep everyone happy all the time ... me included . however , the owners seems to change things up a bit from time to time and we appreciate that too . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great place to work out . lots of equipment and free weights . never a wait on any machine be it 5 am or 730 pm . this is a fountain hills health club with a nice , easy vibe and great , proactive staff that keep checking on the machines and cleanliness . the owners , ross and corinna are really down to earth and make you feel welcome and special . i have worked out in the 24 hour express facility next door during off hours ( 9 pm to 5 am weekdays ) . it has a pretty good mix of weights and machines to get a good workout .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the owners of this gym is a very nice person his name is ross . about 3 months ago he contacted me and my boyfriend to apologize about a previous issue and offered each of us 2 months free membership because his wife is from europe she was extremely hostile and racist towards me and my boyfriend the psychopath lady was screaming in my face how she hated people of color she only cares about making money . i dont like racist europeans living in my country this lady shoukd be deported she has some nerve knowing to speak that way to me as a native american and my tribe is 2 miles away . she is a immigrant and you dont go to peoples country to insult them ! go back to europe if you dont like minorities america does not need people like ross 's racist wife ! however it take atleast 6 months before ross decided to respond .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after continued disappointment from this vendor , the legacy continues . he posted my personal information on a public forum . and i felt that it was necessary to complain to the bbb - people have the right to know about bad experiences . in this case , not only was my situation not remedied , the vendor decided to post personal details about me online . another good reason not to visit , if you have a negative experience . i 'm not sure that i would condone a violation of personal privacy as a adequate response to an opinion of less than satisfactory service . a continued note of `` buyer beware '' .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very competitive prices and great customer service . i have bought 2 sets of tires from them over the years and have been very satisfied with balancing and installation . they even have a customer lounge where you can wait and watch a movie on a big screen ! good guys ... very knowledgeable and skilled .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place in town for a sunday morning cup of coffee ! lime-ade is awesome . always a smiling face to greet you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly baristas and always a great value for a delicious cup of coffee . one of my favorite sunday morning rituals !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hard to review when you ca n't find this place . 6700 wilkinson is a church . ca n't see any sign out front . if this place is in the church please give some description of it here . had to give it a 2 star because i ca n't find it !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "please do n't go here unless you have nothing to do . last 3 times i have been there the service has been so slow it 's unbearable ! i think the food is good but it never comes hot . sometimes undercooked . i hate to leave a bad review but it deems it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great view and great food . got the flank steak and calamari and both were awesome . perfect for date night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i finally made it to this place and i think it 's really great . there is a lot of charm in the little banquet rooms and i can see why there are a lot of weddings and parties there . i was there for a family reunion and it was a perfect venue . the food was good . the only complaint was the fishiest ceasar salad ever . it also was n't tossed in the dressing , which i thought was weird . but otherwise , everything was great . the bread especially was fantastic . my main recommendation is that they thicken the hedges along the street side of the venue . especially by the wedding courtyard . yay for seeing planes , boo for seeing cars and trucks zooming by . great outdoor patio and really cool bar inside . i 'm looking forward to going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mediocre at best . if red lobster is your pinnacle of taste , then you may enjoy it . the lunches we 've had there over the years , however - as a favor to my elderly dad - were consistenly sub-olive garden in quality . its really a shame that the follow-through on the wwii era decor was so impressive and yet they care so little about the quality of food . also they are not exactly attracting the most gung-ho wait staff . its all a bit sad , really . finally , if anyone gives this place a 4 or 5 star review , you should be very , very suspect .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service was excellent . great food for an easter brunch . thanks especially to the service from laurie , sandy , natasha and the manager jamie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually come here once a year for dinner and have yet to try it out for brunch . food is very good and service is always great ! if you sit by the window you can also see the planes go by at the airport across the street .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was bland and i or my wife never salt our food while eating out but we did here . my salmon was ok , i 've had better and i 've had worse . the bread was a nice sourdough and the caesar salad was good . the service was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to this lovely restaurant last night with my two young kids and it was the best experience i 've had in a long time . the kids were so enamored with watching the airplanes that it was n't stressful at all . my food was amazing , i got the beer cheese soup , filet minion , mashed potatoes and the upside down apple walnut dessert . i especially loved the soup . my kids got the sundae for dessert and it was served beautifully and they loved it as well . the service was to notch . i will definitely go here again . i will definitely recommend to any and all . even the decorating was great . there was actually a ww2 torpedo hanging from the ceiling . both my kids thought that was `` the coolest thing ever . '' there were ww2 airplanes and humviis outside . there was a fireplace inside . lots and lots of memorabilia from ww2 . amazing restaurant , amazing experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to the restaurant today . food was good and service excellent . price-wow ! ! ! ! ! i went for brunch with a friend . my bil was $ 31.95 . really ? i never get my money 's worth out of a buffet , but that price is outrageous . i have been there before it was $ 20.00 that i could deal with . food is not worth the price . wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good day for a brunch . although the service was a little off today ; the food was okay no pier w , it will work for a quick . it 's to eat .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service was slow , but friendly . food was ok . i came in for something light so i ordered a wedge salad and the parmesan risotto . the salad needed more vegetables besides the lettuce , and the risotto was still hard . the ambience is cool but definitely needs some updating . this is a place i would maybe bring my grandma , but never an outing with my friends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was a bit disappointed with this place it looks beautiful the service was good and the food was okay but the place was so cold we could not enjoy our evening . i think their only heating system is the fireplace and with a party of 8 we where seated at the back of the room . so if you do decide to eat here my recommendation is to sit close to the fireplace in the winter .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the restaurant itself is a beautiful building-and the atmosphere is great inside and especially out on the patio . the french onion soup was very good-the caesar salad was gross . the croutons were stale and inedible . the fish and chips.. a `` guest favorite '' ... .horrible . we 're supposed to trust the gordon 's fisherman but not at a restaurant-there was so much beer battering it was ridiculous..and so close to one of the biggest freshwater lakes in the country . and to top it off ... freezer aisle fries . cmon . their prices are the same as pier w ... and they should charge what applebees charges . also good lord were their drinks weak . also , lava cake should have lava . and the ice cream should not come from drug mart if you are asking the prices they ask . ugh . not going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "overpriced . can get what we got anywhere . no seasoning . bad menu . pathetic slice of prime rib . might be good for catering but not dining . amateurs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "100th bomb group is an absolutely fascinating and unique restaurant . the main dining hall is themed as a world war ii mess hall , and that theming spills over to the entire restaurant space and grounds as well . there are miniature planes on the tables , a full-sized jeep out front , and much more . the food was tasty , though a little pricey for the location it 's in . the service was fine , but nothing to particularly write home about . i will say that the mess hall theming would make it a good place for groups . overall , i 'd say that this would be a fun lunch spot to check out , but i would n't necessarily recommend it for dinner unless you 're prepared to pay a little more than usual .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they put out munchies during happy hour , always a plus . they have a really cool rooftop and patio . it is really pretty during the spring and summer when the grass surrounding the place is bright green . i think this place is a nice place to go for a dinner with the parents , or go up to the rooftop for a grown-up romantic time . i think the rooftop could be romantic with the right person .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the sunday brunch was awesome . variety of food was great and the wait staff was attentive and efficient . our reservation was easily made and the wait staff was informed of our airline departure time before we arrived . the children claimed it to be the best restaurant ever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "does n't even deserve one star ! went for the mother 's day buffet and we were absolutely disgusted . the buffet was dirty , food was cold and tasteless and the prime rib was dry . absolutely disgusted ! it cost 40 per person for nothing . my whole family left still hungry and highly disappointed , will not be going back and would not recommend to anyone ever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "popped in here while exploring the neighbourhood and was met by the lovely owner who was extremely welcoming . most of the food is made in house , including the bagels , with the exception of some of the pastries which are brought in . we sampled two of the butter tarts ( not made in-house ) and they were delicious . we also took some korean beef gyoza to go , and enjoyed that very much . we will definitely be back to sample the rest !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice new caf\u00e9 in the area that specializes in the usual baked good but also some excellent korean dishes . we had the korean pancake for the kid , and the vegetarian bibembop for us . all very good , but my wife noted that the dish was served in a regular bowl as opposed to a more traditional heated stone pot which helps to crisp up the rice . it was still good though . coffee and cookies were tasty and fresh . the place is bright and spacious and very welcoming . daisy the owner is very nice and helpful . we will go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cafe coroco is a local coffee shop . the decor is very nice . they serve many types of desert along with gelato ice cream . they also have sandwiches . good coffee with delicious marble cheesecake brownie . very friendly staff . unfortunately no wifi available in the cafe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for lunch a ordered the bulgogi . it was so tasty and i was so hungry i did not stop to take a photo . for dessert i had a coffee and a bahamian ( i think ) version of pain-perdu , or spanish budding , or like martin b . review shows banana bread but much lighter with coconut . i think it 's their special bar . it is worth trying and reordering next time i 'm close by . i think i spoke with the owner she was really pleasant and her caf\u00e9 is very efficient , clean , well lit and decorated . the staff were also very nice and pleasant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love cafe cocoro ! the korean food and coffee are both fresh and delicious . today we tried the strawberries and cream gelato and it rocked ! and best of all , the owner , daisy , is lovely !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great mix of everything i love : strong coffee , awesome desserts , korean food and a very friendly atmosphere . a gem of a coffee shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so excited to see a new coffee shop korean cafe open in the neighbourhood and had to give it a try . my husband and i ordered the bulgogi , kimchi and semolina cake . bulgogi was tasty , but not the best in the area ( imo the best bulgogi in the area is at yanagi ) ; the kimchi was a bit bland ; and the semolina cake was pretty good . the cafe is very nice and the owner is super friendly . we will be back and will try more of the menu next time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr. shapiro is one of the best gi around . he has really good `` bedside '' manners , he is very intelligent & knows what he is referring to all the time and he uses only the best services or referrals if needed . he is very thorough , asks all kinds of questions related to your condition . he takes a lot of notes & reads them out loud . he knows what he 's doing ! ! ! he 's the best of the best ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i scheduled an appointment because of some lower intestinal bloating issues and met with another resident mrs. lina kay . she had the kindest and most helpful bedside manner of anyone i have ever met in an allopathic setting , and i would highly recommend her to anyone . she is very good at what she does , and very professional , and more important - extremely caring while also providing the best information and insight possible . thanks lina ! - r", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful doctor ! dr. shapiro is extremely thorough and will talk you through any questions or concerns you might have . still in the process of getting more tests done , but so far so good . i would definitely recommend him to anyone having gi issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. shapiro is my gi hero ! i concur 100 % with inday c 's comments . he and his staff are among the most caring , compassionate , professionals i have ever met . ( in both his office and the surgery center ) . my mother just passed away 2 days before my my exam and he and the entire staff signed a beautiful sympathy card for me . if you are looking for a wonderful gi doc and team , you found them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible experience - took five weeks and three phone calls to get the results of a ct scan and then was told there was nothing wrong except gall stones and if i was n't having pain there was nothing left to do . i went because i was having pain . very insensitive and poor service . do not recommend !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great atmosphere and music is up to date . but the servers and owners are snobby and they expect a nice tip on top of gratuity ! ? ? lol nah . all of them need to clean their act up . stop chilling in the corners of the place and serve and be attentive to your customers . smh", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very decent place ... the food and music was amazing ..very good customer service ... this is one of the rare places were you wo n't find anything to complain about . good job guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . the waitresses are so sweet and attentive . the owner was a sweetheart and checked up on us to make sure everything was okay . i came here for two birthdays in a row and will continue to do so . the place is gorgeous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came on a slow night and did n't try any of the food . the music was good , the layout was great and i like the comfortable couches . but watch out for the prices , drinks can get expensive if you 're not paying attention . overall great experience and highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upscale shisha upscale located in wood bridge west of toronto . used to be la fanouse . great environment and good shisha . not the best though . service is not bad too and they have variety of food and drinks selections .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "simply amazing , the place is beautiful , music is good the service was impeccable we had a blast and one of the owner ali is a sweetheart treated us like royalty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible service . came to an empty bar and did not get served . looks the owner does not know how to run a business", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i picked this place , among all the near by place to my home , but it turned out it was wrong choice . the reviews were good on google and here , thought of giving a try . but , not worth of traveling all the way to this place ( it was like 25 kms from my home ) this place was locked down on monday night , when all the other places were atleast half busy . the phone number listed is not working . not sure even this place exist in real ? looks like deserted place from outside . wo n't recommend to travel all the way to this place and then returning fail .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the shisha in itself was decent , but the service is sub-par , if not at times completely absent but that 's probably my fault for always coming at extremely busy hours whenever i 'm in the area . the vibe is heaps of fun ! drinks are a little expensive , have n't yet tried any of their food so ca n't comment on that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mike @ pro-tech it has been a huge resource to us , and to our business . we know that when the it world goes awry , which it often does , we can call mike - and then rest easy . mike has also been very helpful researching computers that best fit our needs , and then also in the purchase those machines . we highly recommend pro-tech it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been using pro-tech it for a few years and have been extremely satisfied . mike is honest and very efficient . thank you pro-tech it for all the years of great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pro-tech it has provided it services to my company for over five years . mike is dependable and honest . mike is knowledgeable and has proven to be a great asset to our company over the years . we trust mike 's opinion when we need new equipment or software and i would n't dream of allowing another tech touch our system . mike keeps us running smoothly and at a very fair price . i would recommend pro-tech it and mike to anybody looking for a knowledgeable trustworthy tech , he truly is the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best cell phone experience i 've ever had . michael , the manager , fixed my cracked iphone screen at a cost below all other quotes in town . he was friendly , helpful and engaging . i will be recommending this store to all of my verizon friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3:15 pm on sunday ; the doors are locked . really you deserve one star . please update your hours on yelp.com ; it says you do n't close until 6 pm . i would have taken a picture , but my phone is broken .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "michael yancey , the manager , was so nice and friendly ! we are from out of town and stopped in on a whim to add our daughter to our account . he was great about making sure we were happy . we had shopped at two stores in our hometown and had left frustrated and confused . our experience with michael was so refreshing ! thank you michael ! ( this is the first time i 've ever written a review . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really poorly taught class with maia . she gave 0 instructional cueing , no hands on adjustments and the class was slow and boring . she was quiet 70 % of the time and to top it off- she started gossiping after class about someone that i actually knew ! horrible- sorry to say it because i 'm an instructor myself- but there was no reasoning for the exercises- no anatomy references , we stretched too long too frequently and no back extensions or lateral spine movement- it was just bad . hopefully she can improve and learn to not gossip about others in the community ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! it has easily become a second home . everyone is so amazing and generous ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been doing pilates with matt and his staff for about 6 months . i needed to do something to stay in shape now that weightlifting is not much of an option for me due to too many surgeries . in the 6 months i 've been going ( two times per week ) i 've notice my back core seems to have loosened up which is great as i sit at a desk all day . i have not done any of the mat classes yet . instead , i do the reformer classes . matt recently ordered all new equipment and it is great ! if you 're looking for something different , and have had problems working out due to injuries , i strongly recommend you check out this studio !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't recommend a body in balance enough . matt is an awesome coach and debbie at the front desk is very welcoming . when i first came to a a body in balance i could n't even get up from a chair without pushing off , my hips hurt constantly , i did n't know what an ab was , now i get up and down with ease my hips do n't hurt and i have abs for the first time in my life . i feel great and i owe it all to matt and his staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this studio is small and warm and fabulous , it 's like working out with your family in this intimate setting ! matt , the owner and instructor is talented , makes each classic fun and i never leave without learning something new ... this pilates has really changed my body ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is always friendly . classes are small , which is nice . i have only taken the pilate reformer classes . they really focus on form and true pilates , vs classes i 've been to at other locations that are more `` cardio '' , fast pilates on reformers . the only draw back is that my everyone in class is not always on the same level . the teacher adjusts , but sometimes it can slow the class down . all in all , i would totally recommend this place . i found it with a groupon , and it was well worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just started attending the group classes after completing a few one-on-one session purchase through a groupon . the owner and teachers are all very friendly and professional in their approach . the equipment and classrooms are kept very clean & organized . the other people in my classes all seem very pleasant . after each class , i can tell how well each muscle group was worked and feel progress each and every time . i highly recommend this place for all fitness levels . the attentiveness and expertise of the staff is more than i expected by far . after i use my groupon classes up , my intention is to continue on . the prices are relatively reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place , great teachers . really flexible schedule .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a body in balance is like my `` mother '' pilates studio : i visit other studios but i always come back here . i began my pilates journey here and i have learned a lot . i feel much stronger now and more in control of my body , although i still have a ways to go . they have some great instructors - maia , darrelyn , galina , kiera - just to mention a few . i like that socks are required and the studio and equipment are kept very clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoy going here for my pilates sessions because it is clean , well maintained and the staff is fabulously friendly and well informed . there are a variety of teachers , which is good , as you can find which teachers and which style works best for you and your body . i 'd highly recommend a body in balance , in fact i have , many times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend ! i purchased the 20 class groupon , considering it 's a `` no brainer '' for the price . i find this studio different from others because there are different instructors throughout the day every day and the instructors lessons are different each time you see them . ( never boring ) i have had 2 back surgeries and feel completely comfortable with the knowledge of the instructors . now its almost a year later and i go religiously 3-4 times a week . i have recommended this studio everyone i know and every single one who has tried it loves it ! i have found that the front desk is always willing to work with me on scheduling or late cancelations . also matt , the owner always welcomes feedback and will do what is necessary to make you comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` i loved the service ! the instructors are well trained and very personable . they push you while taking into consideration any limits you may have . i finally found out what a core is , now that i have a strong one . i 've never felt better . ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have n't been here before go take a look ! brand new equipment and friendly staff to match . i 'm very new to pilates but matt did an amazing job explaining the benefits to me . i 've been referred to a body in balance by several folks and now i know why . i 'm very excited to get going and do my body a favor !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been enjoying great hot food from this del taco for years . it 's great ! quick service . team staff work well together .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "of all the places in the world to order french fries ... del taco ? yes ! do it . crinkle cut fries , perfectly salted , and served in a large drink cup . it 's so ingenious ! i have come to del taco just for fries on an occasion or two . in fact , the only other thing i 've tried is the $ 0.39 taco which is also very good , but i like the fries so much that i order the large and that 's my whole meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've been eating from this location for years and it 's always good ! the food is prepared to order , my order has never been wrong and the food is always hot and fresh . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why is it impossible for people to figure out that is someone says `` no onions '' that by association that means `` no pico de gallo '' because it is made from tomatoes and ... onions ! on this particular visit i went through the drive thru as i was rushed and it was my only chance to eat before 3 . i said `` no onions '' , she said `` it has pico de gallo '' to this i replied `` then no pico de gallo please '' . what did i receive ? a completely in edible turkey taco with pico de gallo . to add insult to injury the paper wrapper had so much liquid in it , it immediately broke through the wrapper and dumped pico , cheese and turkey all overt lap . always lovely to go to an appointment smelling like a taco , stains in my shirt and nothing to eat because 1 2 of it was on my lap and the other half still had onions on it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "smelled like complete shit inside the place , i could n't stand being inside for longer than a couple seconds .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the people are really friendly and the food tastes good . we would have given 5 stars , but the reason for only 3 stars is twice recently we have ordered fish tacos at the drive thru and both times they gave us regular tacos . my son was disappointed to get home and not have the correct order 2 times in a row . i guess next time we have to make sure before we leave that they gave us the correct items .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well this is del taco , which i feel is much better than taco bell but still fast food . it seems the beans need a little salt , which is a great thing ! it 's not sodium filled crap . in fact you can see the bins of dry pintos in the back , a real clue that they in fact make them fresh in the store and do n't just open a can ! how refreshing ! i have always received great service at this location , even on taco tuesday ( $ .39 regular tacos 4pm-11pm ) which is impressive when i order for a family of picky eaters . great fast service and a cut above average fast food . also the kids play area is clean and pretty fun . a great way to let the kids run around when the park is n't weather permitting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought they did a good job with my food , and surprisingly the fries were actually pretty tasty . my son enjoyed them and had a good time in the kid 's play area . he even met a couple of friends : ) my overall experience was positive . the place was clean and the price was reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered a tostada . very simple very plain order , i get home and sure enough i open it up and there is absolutely no cheese what is up with that ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's fast food , they could spend some more time cleaning up the place . kids area was n't clean and needs fresh air or hosed down . kids complained it smelled and that is pretty unusual even for then . food was so so , it 's a meal i did n't have to make at home .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "obviously mutual respect of doctors and patients time in not mutually respected . asked to arrive thirty minutes early , which i did . an hour later i 'm still sitting in the waiting area , and proceeded to walk out of the office . i 'm sorry ... ... but my time has value as well and i should n't have to take a half day vacation to see a doctor for 10 minutes . an hour just waiting in the lobby was certainly going to be followed by 15-10 minutes sitting in an empty room in the back . the new doctors office of stacking patients up in the lobby so they can operate in high production is not my kind of office . bring back the doctors office where the doctor actually knows your name and health history .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this office does n't care about patients , terrible hold times on the phone , you need to call multiple times to get a return call , wait times in the lobby for your appointment are longer than any office i 've ever been to . calls to the doctor from emergency room doctors completely ignored from the doctors own practicing hospital . would never recommend this practice to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. brimacombe and the staff at the honor heath thompson peak wound clinic took care of me for the last five ( 5 ) months . i had a severe leg infection that required surgery . my quick recovery is a result of the excellent patient care provided by dr. brimacombe and the nurses ( jennifer and sara ) at the honor health wound clinic . they are very caring and could not provide better care . being married to a doctor i understand the challenges they have with heavy patient load and daily stress . i would recommend dr. brimacombe and his team to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wasted my time and money repeatedly . dr brimacombe ordered an mri for my mortons neuroma because he could n't diagnose me without it . after multiple office visits for no apparent reason ; i was in the office for less than 10 minutes . 150 $ ! ! after insurance . went to another specialist and was able to diagnose me without even looking at an mri and was much more informative . i recommend dr lowy over these scam artists .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have a growth on my foot and dr. matthew j. seidel sent me to smil to have a biopsy on it 7 11 16 . the results were sent to dr. seidel 's office on 7 13 16 but i did not get the results until 7 26 16 . of course i was anxious for the results so i called his office three different times but was told by his staff : `` he is at the counseling center . '' `` he has not gotten around to reading the results '' . x 2 can you imagine the stress of waiting over two weeks for biopsy results ? there is absolutely no reason why a patient should have to wait that long especially when my test results were sent to dr. seidel in 2 days time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got the basic spa pedicure which is $ 23 i think . i wanted a halloween design so it came out to $ 33 . which i think is a bit much for a pedicure for me . i was n't completely satisfied with it . on my left foot , on the big toe , she accidentally touched it when it was still wet so some of the orange came off . instead of fixing it she just added more orange . so now it just looks thick and goopy . and some of the lines on this french style pedicure is n't straight . also my friend got the deluxe pedicure package . this comes with a sea salt scrub , paraffin , among other things . she did n't get everything on the list done , yet they wanted to charge her the full price for it . definitely was n't blown away .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been coming to this nail salon for over a year now and i would n't go anywhere else . the staff here is so nice . john the guy who does my nails is amazing ! ! ! ! again i would n't go anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited this salon for the first time this afternoon and i will definitely be back . i appreciate that they were able to fit me in for pedi and gel manicure at 4:20 even though they close at 5 . the service was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice , clean and listened to what i wanted ! i love this place , hope they never change ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tanya is a life saver ! i 'm visiting on business and all week my left big toe was killing me . i had a bad pedicure at a place in san diego which the technician cut my side nail and left a portion in which is what tanya found ! she nudge it off and no more pain ! all the technicians here encouraged me to let her fix it even though i was afraid . i 'm so thankful and now i have pretty toes again ! go here ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to love having my pedicure done at this place , until last friday . the person who did it was really bad at it . she cut me and was really rough on my feet . it was a sacrifice to let her finish the job . i would tell her that she was hurting me and that she said that those cuts were there before . i wish i know her name , it was a mature asian woman with dark hair , bangs and eyeglasses . she was also really bad with the color polish , she had to correct it in almost all of toenails , and same thing with my fingernails . it seemed to me she is not qualified or propertly trained to perform this kind of work .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been doing my nails for over 20 years and it 's been so awesome finally having someone you can count on to do a consistently outstanding job every time . from the moment you walk in the door all the way to paying for your services , you feel extremely taken care of and important . i always observe my surroundings and see the same consistency with everyone who is working with their client . i am in sales , therefore in front of executives and high level decision makers on a regular basis . so often , i am complimented on my nails , which is nice . i know it 's a little thing , however having my hands and feet look great gives me confidence and i feel my best . thanks john ! you 're the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will never return here again . my nail polish cracked due to being under the lights too long which i wish the lights had timers or for the nail techs to tell me to pull my hand out of the light . this place also gave me an infection on my finger . i have been getting my nails done for a long time and have maybe bled once from a cuticle trim but the bleeding stopped almost immediately and no infection since they had proper training . this time around i was bleeding a lot more and my finger is now puffy , red , and sensitive . she didnt even even know what to do with my bleeding finger and just wiped it and kept going with no apology for cutting my finger ! the customer service was also super poor and rude . they were not friendly at all . i also saw a lot of adding stuff to the nail polish containers to prolong the products which is an obvious no no . go at your own risk but i will never return again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff was very nice . i was very happy with my nails when i left but now , not even a week later , my gel nails started chipping and today they have started to peel . i 've had my nails done with gel polish manny times before but never have i had this happen !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was new to az awhile back and as any person would be i was skeptical in trying out new nail salons . i really love the work john and the other technicians put into their work . they do n't charge an arm and a leg and i never have to wait long to get my nails done when i come in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the best pedicure here . they had a lot of colors to choose from and the salon was super clean . the staff was very friendly and really took their time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst service i have ever experienced . two days after i got a fill my nails chipped . while getting my fill , i had to remind the individual doing my nails multiple times to make them even , they still were not even at the end of my appointment . barely a week after getting a pedicure the polish came off my toes . their work takes forever , which would be fine if it was good work , but it 's sloppy . i was there for three hours for theses services and was not satisfied .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very clean and they do a good job ! i take my mom and auntie here whenever we 're in the chandler mall area . the prices are better here and they really take their time on the services and you never feel rushed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in town for just a few days , and looked for a nail salon which was close and received good reviews . i chose creative nails by susan . it was early morning , so i just walked in and was greeted immediately . i said what i wanted , just a simple manicure with clear polish ... . what a disappointment . it is 2 days later ... the polish is completely off on one nail , and chipped on all the rest . maybe the nail techs can do gels , etc but there are still customers out there who want a simple manicure , which a nail tech should be able to do with his eyes closed i am very disappointed ! ! also sorry i left a good tip", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been getting my nails and pedicures here for years ! always great service ! have tried other places and always come back here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going here for over 10 years . superb nails and toes ! ! ! ! treat yourself to the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mom , sister , 4.5 year old daughter and i stopped in for pedicures today & had a great experience . everyone was very friendly , they had a huge selection of polish and they were especially sweet to my young daughter . she is already talking about what color she is going to get next time . thanks for the excellent service and pretty toes ! we 'll be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "john is very precise at his work . he takes his time and does quality work . i have finally found a nail technician that always make sure the results is not just perfect but perfectly done . absolutely love john 's art creativity on my nail every time he gets them done ! ! ! customer service is also a great thing here . they make sure you leave with a smile and a wink : '' ) the experience is different than any other places i 've gone . they are not just doing their job but also expressing their creativity thru these nail art designs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a 7 hour layover in phx and really needed to get a shellac manicure and my eye brows waxed . met up with a friend for lunch and she recommended this place and i 'm quite pleased ! i am super picky when it comes to salons as i 've had my fair share of bad experiences , but i lucked out with creative nails . they had a ton of shellac colors to choose from and did n't get annoyed as i took forever to decide which color i wanted ; there were so many choices ! one big thing i care about is cleanliness and professionalism , both of which was on point here . will return again soon ... ..as long as my job keeps sending me to this beautiful city !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in today for a pedicure and oh my ! ! ! i got a callus removal and my feet are so soft right now . the massage was amazing and super relaxing . i showed the guy doing my toes a picture and told him my idea and he was totally on board and willing to do it for me ! i know some places get annoyed whenever i ask for something special like a design or something . nope , he was super nice and did an amazing job . i 'm usually super picky on how my toes are cut and shaped but he knew exactly what i wanted . i love my summer toes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guys were such a lifesaver ! my best friend and i had terrible manicures done by another salon and we needed them fixed immediately ( my friend 's wedding was the next day ! ! ) . they took us right away , thoroughly removed our gel polish , and consulted with us throughout the process of reshaping our nails and picking polish colors . i was a bit indecisive about what color i wanted , and after i showed my tech what i envisioned , he picked the perfect color for me ! ! the price was very reasonable , and even though i 'm not a local , i know my best friend is happy to have found a great new nail place . also , my nail tech was given a gift for his baby during my service by a client -- that was very impressive to me ! very happy with these great people and wonderful service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved that i did n't have to wait and they did a really great job . excellent foot leg massage and the prices are reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nails always come out the bomb but the staff is n't as friendly as i would like . i 'm big on customer service if you want me to keep coming back . if you are okay with the staff performing the service and not talking with you , this is not a bad place to go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the many reasons i make the drive to this salon is because they care . i 'm 7.5 months pregnant and halfway through my gel manicure i started feeling light headed . they let me take a break and after splashing some water on my face and walking around a bit , i felt better so we continued . it came back , i felt super dizzy , hot and ready to faint . they brought me a cold water bottle , dug my phone out of my purse for me so i could call my husband to get me and stayed by my side until he arrived . thank you thank you thank you for remaining calm when i was freaking out inside and being so kind . i 'll continue to keep coming here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nail salon is clean and the people are very nice . loved the deluxe spa pedicure with sugar scrub , massage , and hot stone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "max gives the best pedicure in arizona . the salon is clean and modern , i felt welcome from the moment i walked in . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to creative nails for years . i know all of the nail technicians and of all them constantly exceed my expectations . not only is the place extremely clean , the technicians are very friendly and take pride in what they do . my nails always look great and i look forward to getting my nails done there because it is truly a relaxing and enjoyable experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! i 've had a few pedicures here , and my feet always look and feel great ! they do need an update on their massage chairs though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was just move here 2 months ago but this is my favorite nails salon so far . very clean and nice place . the technicians are very professional and friendly . they always give me the best pedicure and manicure service . words can not describe how awesome they are . i would highly recommend this place if you are looking for a place to get your nails done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in for a gel manicure . very attentive and relaxing . it was during the evening so it was n't super busy so we did n't wait too long before we were seated . i would come here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1st time getting my nails done here and i think i just fell in love with this place . everyone here is super sweet and even funny too . i came in cus i needed some assistance with my ingrown hang nail . they really knew what they were doing . my problem was solved . i recommend u going here because u wo n't leave here unsatisfied . do n't believe me ? try it out urself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here today and i came with my out town family . they did a beautiful job and were very accommodating to us all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dropped in on a sunday to have a nail polish change . i was charged 20.00 ( 15.00 for the gel polish , 5.00 to remove the old colour ..which is fine . i 'm not worried about the price ) . my concern is ... it 's been 2.5 weeks and the polish is chipping . i have never seen this before with gel polish . ever . this is due to the fact that their lights do n't have a timer . the nail tech simply 'guessed ' on what 1 minute looks like . then , he failed to use a base coat . i 've never seen this before ! no base coat ? ! then only 1 coat of top coat . honestly , i 'll never be back . 2.5 weeks later and my polish is chipping and looks horrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tanya is so good she 's the best nail technician there in my opinion . she makes accommodations to anything you need and is super friendly . if you 're bored , she 'll entertain you stories . she also took out my ingrown toenail and i did n't have to have a surgical procedure after that . her waxing skills is also amazing . my eyebrows were on fleek after that . she made it painless too and her applying the aloe vera gel felt very refreshing . out of all the people , i highly suggest you to go to her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice salon ! staff is very friendly . i recently started trying the `` dip '' nails and have had problems from 3 other salons ! but the nails i had here lasted and looked great ! very reasonably priced and made my daughter feel like a princess during her pedicure . would recommend to friends !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to several nail shops over the past few months and i can finally say that i will actually return to this shop . my nails look beautiful and tonya did n't hurt me . the two things most important to me . i am so glad i found this place . of course a little help from yelp was necessary .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had such a great experience today ! my mom gave me and my stepdaughter gift cards to the salon . she has been going to jon for years ! i was able to make an appointment with jon who 's an amazing nail tech . i showed him a picture of the nails i wanted and he did them even better . i love how he did my ring fingers ! ! ! i ca n't wait to go back ! love this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall , my experience at the nail salon was great . the workers there made me feel really comfortable and were really caring . their pedicure service could n't have got any better . i highly recommend this place if you are looking for good service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "based on my first visit , i could n't be happier ! tanya did my nails and did an absolutely fantastic job ! her attention to detail is something i really appreciate , not often found in this industry . i came at lunch time and they got me right in . the deluxe pedicure was also amazing , so relaxing , and my feet are so soft ! i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not bank with midfirst if you 're a student ! and , probably in any other situation . i had stopped using my account with them a couple months ago , and accidentally forgot to switch an automatic payment that was coming out , which over-drafted my account $ 9 . i was never notified in any way that my account was over-drafted . now , a couple weeks later , i owe them over $ 55 in overdrafts ! this is a student account . any other bank would have helped me out with this . i 've had several other student accounts with other banks . save yourself the grief of outlandish charges that you are not informed about and go to any other bank . i want to note that this is not a reflection on any particular branch , it 's the bank itself . they do have very nice employees .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a great surprise stumbling across this bank ! open 7 days a week with lobby service i have banked with the mega uber banks and have been nickeled and dimed ( literally ) with service fees . i opened both a savings and checking account here . since my company does not offer direct deposit the associate told me i would have to have a traditional checking account with service fees . i 'm thinking - here we go again . but it was one of those think on your feet moments . off they went ( i 'll assume to get approval ) . they let me open up a type of checking account that only charges you for check printing - no other fees and pays interest . in fact , if you use a non-midfirst bank atm , they will refund you the service fees . how refreshing with the current state of banking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am in the process of switching banks , from my bank that i have banked with for over 20 years to midfirst . i wo n't name the bank but they were opening customer accounts without the customer 's knowledge . so far i am very impressed by midfirst and their employees . i get exceptionally friendly and knowledgeable service . they do n't stalk you in the lobby and their greetings seem genuine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was looking for a new bank that is available everyday and closes later than all the other banks . came across midfirst which is an oklahoma base company . they branched out to arizona . they have opened many locations within arizona . this bank is open 7 days a week m-f til 7pm and saturday til 2 and sunday i forgot but they do close early on sunday . each branch is very clean and open floor plan when you walk in and a nice seating area in the center of the room . well depends on which location you go to . best part about this place is that you can use their atm cards at any atm and are charged zero fees . it will show on your account initially , but after it officially goes through the fee is taken out . they have recently partnered with asu and have some cool asu card designs . one is all black with the fork logo embossed , pretty cool . when you get any of the asu cards a portion of your purchases goes to the school . so overall i really like this bank .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow what a horrible bank , i have banked with a lot of banks in my day and this is by far the worst bank ever ! no ones knows what 's going on and the promotions they offer you are a complete lie just to get you to open an account !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm by no means a pro bank person . in fact i 'm not fond of banks at all . i absolutely love this branch though . everything is super personable and nice . every time i walk in i 'm greeted by everyone by my name . i feel like norm walking into cheers . youtube it . great group of people . great looking facilities . i would definitely recommend using them . actually i think they have a referral program so if you go there tell them matt from alpha dog firearms sent you . they 'll know exactly who you 're talking about . like i said , they know everyone on a first name basis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this bank is very inconvenient . there online banking is awkward , it took me two trips to the branch and two phone calls to set it up . now i have been trying to access their bill pay online and the site has been unavailable for three day . their security is too tight , making it inconvenient to log in , have to come up with new password every two month and need three of them to log in once . their are way to happy to cancel your card when they suspect any unauthorized activity . my other account is with chase and there is no comparison when it comes to online banking and customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am very happy with this bank . customer service is a top priority the people that work there are knowledgeable and friendly . i would recommend them to anyone who needs a good bank , they know you and take good care of all your banking needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place in the area to bring your pets . dog training : they do beginner , intermediate , advanced , and cgc certification . their trainer melinda is professional and very knowledgeable . she has three degrees hanging up for all to see , in dog training . i have spent a lot of time talking with her and found her to be a people person who takes the time to really bond with your dog . banfield : dr. beech is a wonderful woman who really cares about the pets . she is easy to talk to and is n't trying to nickel and dime people . tip- get a wellness plan for unlimited free office visits . dog grooming : 100 % satisfaction guaranteed or your money back ! also , all the groomers have to go to grooming school . it is not required by law for a dog groomer to have a degree so do yourself a favor and take your dog to someone who had some training !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "attentive staff answers questions when interested in obedience classes . thumbs up to the service at this petsmart ( this was even on christmas eve ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i buy guinea pig food and bedding here . did a recent survey and received a $ 3 coupon . that 's better than a sale ! always quick in and out . use the key ring card .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "who does love a store where yo ucan bring your kitty cat or puppy dog with you ? ? ? the people who work here are very helpful and they love to play with the animals who visit ! ! i wish pets came to my office ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not an outstanding place . just a neighborhood joint . i have been coming here for years . they have 3 pool tables and a jukebox and for the most part a full bar . i say this because they are regularly out of the brandy i drink which is not top shelf . first it 's kinda dumpy , the crowd is a mix of people , the area can seem a little ify . it 's dark and a little on the small side . most of the servers are ding-bats , you kinda expect it in a joint like this . but if you just want to shoot some pool , have a beer and relax this place is a-ok ! i must say i do love their wings and fries very tasty . i will call in orders to go for those . they are yummy . they have a pretty big menu . my friends like the other stuff they have i just always stick to my wings and fries .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , service needs some improvment ( two words : professionalism and courtesy ) food made the difference for me", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is simple the food is awesome . the service is kinds lousy and for that -2 . every time i go i see my self getting almost the same thing ( carne asada burrito add cheese ) unless hungover i get menudo . ( very seldom ) but every time they forget that cheese i am all like i paid for it , so i want it . the food is awesome . : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "usually , when you go to hole in the wall places the food is always exceptional and worth the trip . however , in this case it was the exact opposite . the food was not that good . i was actually disappointed . i was expecting kick ass carne asada or al pastor tacos . to my dismay , i had better food at a baja fresh in an all gringo neighborhood . minus three stars for wasting my trip to north lv . historical note : this place used to be a boston pizza # 5 a long long time ago in a galaxy far far away .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so i 'm not sure what the other guy was talking about rigo 's is awesome , the food is amazing and cheap , i eat there once or twice a week . it 's not just me either , i 'm in the military and everybody in my shop loves rigos . we even have rigos wednesdays haha . if someone mentions rigos i have to go there . i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "conveniently located in your friendly nor las vegas open 24 7for your dining needs . carne asada fries , carne asada super nachos , tacos they are all good . they are always busy good sign . their service is fast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "boo-urns . this place was awesome back in the day . now its complete garbage . we went there today and the place looked kinda skanky , thought it was just cause we were there in a slow time of day . nope its just shitty now . we ordered super nachos and tacos . well they were out of chicken and elpasdor ( spelling ? ) . so we went with carne asada . it took them about 15 minutes to make our food ( which i dont mind if im waiting for fresh good food ) . and when we got home we realized that our nachos were fries ! wah wah wah . and they were gross , not fried all the way through and the carna asada tasted like it was from a horse rather than a cow . im sad that this place sucks now . but they seem to not care about the customers anymore and for that i say `` shame on you rigos tacos `` . i will drive a little further for tacos el gordo next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i decided to go to this tacos . i usually pass this place up due to prior bad food experiences here . the food was ok . but what pissed me off was i used my debit card and the lady added a dollar tip on it . this place is like a mcdonald 's , you order your food they fix it , you pick it up from the counter . what da hell did she do to deserve a dollar ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered super nachos to go and paid with the credit card . when i reviewed my receipt at home i noticed the cashier took it upon herself to give herself a tip without my permission . this is considered theft and she should be fired and arrested for stealing from a customer . this is so unbelievable and i am beyond upset known this type of thing happens . the cashier knew there was no way i would catch it cause i did n't have to sign the receipt . please be very careful if you visit the restaurant and have to pay with your credit or debit card .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is really good . but i 'd rather spend $ 30 bucks @ mar y tierra - the good : the fries have this seasoning salt that makes me want to drive there & deal w the lady who does not get the order right over & over . lol . burrito de carne asada con frijoles y queso solo = bombay ! the rating : why 3 stars ? it 's a bit pricey ? like $ 25-30 every time we go for 2+child.. & no real aguas - the ones in the machine like roberto's..but on the flip side they hv fresh squeezed oj..pricey but unique.. it 's the best close to home.. the fries ooh those fries so i 'm caught between 3 & 4 stars if the cashier could listen ( & shes always there.. lol ) better 9x out of ten the burrito has something like rice we did not want ruining the marriage of cheesy beans & carne asada ..so 3.5 stars ? !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't usually review places i do n't like but this place is bad . the food is overpriced , greasy and not good at all . never again shall i go here sorry .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok so i have a couple of things , firstly the food is always a hit or miss . it 's either good and fresh or old and cold . secondly the $ 1 tip i 've seen a couple of people mention is the $ 1 fee they charge for using a card it 's clearly posted on the machine . however this cashier is always there and she is always super rude ! ! ! i 'm not sure how she has kept her employment for this long ! i have family and friends who have had similar experiences with her . she always messes up orders and when you try to get them fixed she fights with the customer ! the owner should look into the attitude she gives all customers ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when i was younger i would always come here and order a carne asada torta because they were just so delicious but when i recently went i decided to try a new plate and i went for the carne asada fries and they were amazing ! not as good as robortos though . i still suggest anyone to try this plate . for me one plate feeds 2-3 people lol and with there salsa verde just made this plate even better . but service is kind of sucky and rude so i 'm giving it a 3 star for the food ( :", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really bomb mexican food . the carne asada they put into the burritos and tacos is so crispy and we 'll done . the atmosphere is petty chill and the food is really inexpensive for the amount you get .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has some bomb ass hot sauce i always grab a carne asade burrito cant go wrong !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i read the reviews before i came in to rigo 's and i 'm on the floor laughing . the lady really does tip herself $ 1.00 ! the b tch looks like she killed selena . the audacity ! i witnessed her doing it too , i did n't say anything because ... well i just wanted to confirm if it was true . anyhow , food was ok. kinda pricey , $ 16.20 plus $ 1.00 ( unauthorized ) tip , totalling $ 17.20 for a quesadilla and a burrito . wo n't come in again , i 'm ok with it but it 's not ok .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ejay , i do n't know what the heck you 're talking about , but coming from a mexican , this place has all your standard mexican carnes and plenty of options : tortas , burritos , tacos , menudo , etc at affordable prices and plenty of drink options with free refills . i do n't recommend going on sundays due to the swap meet being close by , it can be packed . also , this place , like other great mexican hole in the wall places , are full of mexicans eating there . that 's when you know it 's great . if you 're not hispanic , do n't feel intimidated , the cashier ( from my experience at least ) speaks english .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . second time here , and it was just as good as the first time . staff is very nice as well . they load the tacos with meat . the meat is juicy and has lots of flavor . i definitely recommend this please .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for a decent burrito . love the carnitas burrito from rigos but this trip we went for the carnitas tortas . i personally was not happy with them as the bread was not toasted and the torta had not been cut in half making it hard to handle and since they had not toasted the bread kind of soggy . i will stick with a burrito in the future . enjoy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice atmosphere but on closer inspection , rest room looks dirty with graffiti everywhere . i tried the carne asada was not fresh , cold and bland . al pastor was over cooked but edible . the carrots as well as the rice was very mushy . over all the food seemed to be stale .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was really good the service was really good if you 're looking for a good authentic mexican food nothing special just a quick lunch this is a good place to be", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best chile relleno i have ever had ! i was so impressed with this place . definitely will be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we used to come here a lot and the food was always good . however , the food has gone downhill . i would always order the same , either tacos de carnitas or the taquitos , and they started serving me dry meat or burnt taquitos . now whenever i go i 'm not sure what i 'm going to get so i do n't go here much anymore .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! ! ! my family , out of town guests , and i have enjoyed rigo 's food for the last 10 years . it is a small out of the way place with food that is authentic and yummy ! the beans and rice are fabulous and not just a blah side dish ! there is n't a dish that i would n't recommend ... . give it a try . it 's simple mexican fare , but worth the trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well when they say cheese they mean nacho cheese ! if i wanted nacho cheese i could have made my own food ! it was soggy an an kinda gross but my husband loved his burrito ! so at least one of us was happy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very authentic . the place seems to be a little run down comparably to other similar restaurants . the food those is extremely tasty . i have never had a bad experience with the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "authentic `` street '' tacos , very meaty ! appreciate the chips and beans added on to the plate to scoop up left over meat ! however a little on the pricey for tacos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you like to cook with fresh , in season ingredients this is the farmers market for you . you can see where your food is growing and buy food that was picked if not that day , the day before ! full disclosure i was friends with the owners before they started this endeavor , but they are good people . my daughter recently volunteered there for a morning and fell in love with the farm as well as the work . what a treat to have greenhouse gardens in our neighborhood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best vegetables you will ever eat ! redefines `` organic `` . i did n't realize how good buying local could be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very pleased that i found leon at cypress pavilion , i have wanted to try acupuncture before but was always hesitant about the process . hwever , leon is very knowledgeable and put me at ease and clearly explained what to expect . i apprecite that he tailors each session to your mood . the office is relaxing and calming , i would highly recommend cypress pavilion to assist in overall wellness .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is hard to find a clinic in the phoenix area that practices the art of traditional chinese medicine to the extent that cypress pavilion does . along with the more commonly known treatments such as acupuncture , some of the treatments , such as `` gua sha , '' are ones that i have not seen since my mom did it at home when i was young . the knowledge of its staff is extensive and the quality of service is superb . of course , the clinic itself is marvelous ! it is so peaceful and so conducive to the healing powers of the treatments .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after having a serious cough for over two years , and spending thousands of dollars at various doctors including a full workup at the mayo clinic , dr . powers of cypress pavilion solved the unsolvable . in three visits he pretty much cured the cough . i can not over emphasize the relief i feel after the treatments and the confidence i have in their ability to heal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know what a five-star pho place is , but this place has the basics down . open late enough , tasty broth , good amounts of beef , and the spicy variant is perfect for a cold and windy night . it 's right in my hood , and i predict i 'll be a regular here for a while .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i quite like this place , and has recently been my go-to restaurant for vietnamese food . their pho broth tastes a lot more like real meat broth , rather than the msg laden pho broths from other pho places ( which is n't always a bad taste , but sometimes you just have to try the real stuff ) . the lime goes really well with this broth too . their bubble teas are kinda smaller in portion than i 'm used to , but the flavour is fantastic ! they definitely do n't skimp out on the coconut in the coconut bubble tea . the chinese food items on the menu are decent , but i 'd stick with the vietnamese items . the portions of the chinese food items seem a little smaller than your usual chinese restaurant portions , and although they 're good , i would n't say top-notch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quite decent . had some mi dish with soup on the side with the shrimp cracker . very decent.. very very decent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3.5 walking along chinatown # 2 , i was hungry for vietnamese food . the only problem was that the entire street ( gerrard st ) was lined with 4-5 viet restaurants , each claiming to be the best pho noodles . i decided to go into this one , without any expectations . it was rather a good choice . the prices were reasonable and the service was solid . i ordered the the rice with chicken , steamed egg with crab , with a fried egg over my rice . it came with a large bowl of soup as well ( $ 6.99 ) . the entire portion kept me satiated throughout the day . the orange sauce that comes with viet rice is always the kicker . delicious ! i will go back to try the pho .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got home from the airport last night ( sunday ) at 11 pm . no food in the house , and starving . check what 's open : mi gia phung . why not try it ? ordered the deep fried spring rolls , the large thai-style pho ( me ) and the medium vegetarian pho ( jackie ) . all were delicious . apparently they do n't necessarily close at midnight , it 's whenever they stop getting business , which `` might be 11 pm , might be 2 am '' . so that 's kind of annoying because you ca n't count on them being open if you roll in at 11:15 pm , but if you 're lucky they might be open even later . most importantly though , the food was delicious and the waitress was friendly ( i think her parents might own the place ? they were hanging out in the back . ) will definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tasty and decent prices . their green dragon rolls are massive . authentic vietnamese coffee as well . decent patio to boot . pretty good bet for lunch if you 're in the east chinatown area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yes , five stars for a drive up and thru coffee place . i was way early for a flight out of the airport and found this place on yelp and heck my home town does n't have a car wash dog wash coffee bar , so why not . the place was exactly as it advertises , nothing mind blowing , but what did stand out was how nice the lady ( wish i got her name ) was and how good the chai latte was ! i 've been in upscale coffee cafes that did n't have a chai that was that flavorful and served with a smile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to grab a smoothie and wash the dog . the water was plenty warm and the facility was clean . great fun dad and daughter time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meh . nice people , great service , mediocre coffee . kiva han is brewed here . ordered a bold , nice lady gave me an extra shot on the house ... even with that it was fairly weak . regardless , better than mcdonalds .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrible . so booked a blow out , should seem pretty simple . arrived and the front desk had booked my appt wrong so she only had 30min . the stylist kept trying to convince me not to have my hair washed because i wanted a little volume and wave . well , why would i pay to have you blow dry my dirty hair . it was a bit awkward . they do n't know how to round brush to do a blow out ! ! she back combed teased it to get volume . what ? ! ? ! ? ! i kept asking what she was doing . well ... $ 60 out the door i literally went home and rewashed my hair and did it for myself . in tears ... high end location , low end style .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i received the worst hair cut and color i have ever had in my life . my stylist was over booked . after three hours between the highlight and cut and the person booked in between my service i emerged a lopsided brassy mess . the receptionist was very young and had no customer service skills and was dumbfounded when i asked to speak to the manager or owner . i spoke to the owner about the problem after leaving the `` salon '' and was told sorry , there was nothing she would do to fix the issues . everyone there was independent . save your money , there are so many excellent salons in the north phoenix area . this is definitely not one of them !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i visited hyadrate after buying a groupon for a facial . it is a beautiful salon with very attentive staff . the facial itself was very nice and relaxing . however , the groupon stated a choice in the facial provided and i was never given a choice . i 'm not even sure which facial i had , but my skin has been breaking out worse than ever since .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "could not rave enough about this place ! ! i absolutely love it ! it 's a very clean salon , very relaxing and most importantly full of awesome talent . marina is so awesome , i have been going to her for years , even before she was at this salon . she is very friendly and awesome to chat with but will get in the zone and focus on your hair until it is absolute perfection-cut , color , style , whatever it may be . i have never left out of there unhappy and consistently get numerous compliments on my hair which i credit her for . i would recommend marina and this salon to anyone and everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after moving to scottsdale from mn , i was in search of a good stylist . a co-worker raved about tanya at hydrate , and after my appointment with her on saturday , i can see why ! tanya addressed my concerns , and created a style for me that was perfect ! i also have to mention how amazing my color was . needless to say , i 'm happy my search for a stylist is over !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i became a little disenchanted with my previous stylist of several years . it may have been that i was not able to articulate the change i was wanting . ay any rate , i made an appointment at hydrate solon with hugh . at the first sit down , he basically told me that to accomplish what i wanted , i needed to grow my hair and get rid of the layers . as i am not known for my patience , this is not what i wanted to hear . it is what i needed to hear . long story short , he trimmed my hair and sent me home to grow my hair . at my following appointment 8 hard weeks later , hugh gave me the haircut in the style i wear today . i love it ! i respect hugh enormously for being honest . he listened to me and told me what i needed to get there . i say he is like edward scissorhands -- he says he 's better ! ! i 've been going to him for 18 months and would recommend hugh to anyone wanting a precision cut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not too sure why my review does not show up on hydrate salon 's yelp page , so i wanted to update or repost . still a happy 5 stars with this salon and hugh . prices are normal and even less costly with comparable salons in the area . hugh is an awesome cut and color stylist . he recommends the right color and cut for each individual . here 's hoping this review stays on the yelp page .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mom recommended this place to me when i was trying to find a salon for a cut and color . i was skeptical about it because my wallet is n't very full as being a college student , but i trusted her anyway . i love it here . i walk in every time and i 'm greeted with a smile right away . it 's very relaxing inside and i always look forward to coming back , even after the higher price- very worth it . brittany usually cuts my hair and she does a wonderful job and she 's so sweet . this last time she was n't available , so i had hugh and he was wonderful too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so happy with my hair everytime i walk out ! lindsey is awesome and always finds time to fit me in . the atmosphere is clean and fresh . wo n't be going anywhere else . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was one of thier first customers when they opened their doors a few years ago , and i was thrilled with the attention that lindsey gave to my hair styling needs ! unfortunately i 'm no longer able to see lindsey regularly as i moved to san diego ... .although i still stop by on occasion when i 'm in town . beautiful clean ambience , friendly staff , and talented stylists !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this salon a lot ! i have had haircuts with cami and with hugh , both do an excellent job ! all the staff seem very friendly and helpful . the salon has a relaxed and casual atmosphere , is decorated nicely and is a nice size - not huge , not tiny . they have a great selection of products to purchase in stock . i 'm pretty low maintenance for my hair , so i really appreciate that if i ask for products , they give recommendations and are n't trying to pressure me into buying a bunch of stuff i do n't need every time i go in . i have only had haircuts so far , but look forward to having an updo done for an upcoming event and planning to try out other services here too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this salon & the team of stylists & staff . i visit them every other week and every client i have seen walk through the door is treated with kindness & great service . if you are looking to get extensions , this is 100 % hands down the place to go . they are professionally certified to use an amazing extension system that is non-damaging to your hair when you have them removed . you can not feel them on your head when you touch your hair . give them a call & schedule your appointment today !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cami at hydrate salon is all my wife and i will use to work on our hair . she is an artist ! ! the salon is very nice , well-kept and classy , with very reasonable prices . we 've sent a lot of our friends to see cami and they are always super impressed and stay clients . thanks hydrate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received the best massage of my life today from mindy ! the spa was so relaxing and i was treated very well . i will definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly people . i 've had 2 of the stylists cut my hair there and they were both great . melanie is my favorite . she 's fast and gives you great results . i 've recommended them to my friends and coworkers . i have n't tried their other services but i think i will very soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "david and his brother joseph have the best microgreens options in the valley . correction , the country . we use their smoothie recipes every morning . the micro salad is delicious . i eat the micro salad almost everyday for lunch . just adding them on top of eggs in yummy ! my dogs enjoy them too ! i add the microgreens to our dogs raw food . i met david at the carefree farmer 's market last year . such a kind soul . not only the health benefits are amazing but supporting two local guys growing great microgreens !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i discovered arizona microgreens online searching for wheat grass . the product is superb ! i do my best to eat organic and raw vegan as much as possible and always 100 % vegetarian for optimum health . microgreens and sprouts are nutrient dense whole foods . unlike sprouts , which can be a bit bland if not a bit bitter , the microgreens from arizona microgreens are bursting with flavor , color and are oh so healthy as the bonus . i eat them raw with my salads but they can be utilized in many different types of dishes . i started out by purchasing at the farmers market but now i have whole trays delivered ( check the website for locations www.arizonamicrogreens.com ) . the owners are convivial and committed to producing a great nutrient dense whole food that is coveted by chefs and consumers alike for its versatility and terrific flavor . photo of delivered goods ! 1 tray of everything plus 3 trays wheat grass ... ... ... .16 trays in all ... ... ... after 10 days i juice whats left over 2-3 days for the ultimate juice fast ... ... enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i met microgreens just a few short months ago , it was definitely love at first bite . the nutty flavor and satisfying crunch in the micro salad is everything that a normal lunchtime salad or snack wishes it could be . the vibrantly colored and flavorful micro mix can be easily munched on all by itself or sprinkled on top of pretty much anything . # flavorconfetti", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i discovered arizona microgreens at the scottsdale farmers ' market and absolutely love their products . the microgreens are healthy , delicious and a fun way of boosting the nutritional value of every meal . i usually put them in my morning smoothie , added into salads and basically sprinkled on to everything . i have to admit , my favorite way to eat the greens is right out of the bag , they are so tasty ! the guys who run the show are great as well . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great helpful staff and juice bar . they were super helpful in my hardware and juice purchases . i figured it was a local store i wanted to continue to support . so i purchase 2 tanks which i believe are either defective , or just down right not user friendly . while there is a no return policy on tanks , after seeing the issue , the owner 's made it right , and i 'm now super happy . being a new vaper , i 've wandered into many of the durham region stores , and this is my go to store . they carry all the latest products , and very knowledgeable in the gear they sell . the best part is their pricing is very competitive with downtown toronto pricing , and cheaper than the other stores in the area . go check it out , have a vape , have a chat , you 'll see what i mean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a newbie when it comes to this . i went there for the first time , and the guy working helped me figure out what device to start off with , i got a subox mini starter kit , and some liquids . he helped me choose a few flavours ... there were so many to choose from , so i was there for about an hour trying them . i chose a flavor called thorangine it tastes like an orange creamsicle ! ! it was so tasty . i also got lychee , and milk & honey . they 're very good too . i am very happy with my new vape , and i think it will help me quit smoking once and for all ! ! ! ! ! it 's about dang time ! ! thank you nyx ecigs for helping me switch . i will come back for new flavours soon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am quite new at vaping , i recently purchased an ipv2 50 watt mod device from these guys , the service that i received was just awesome . they took the time to explain every function that this beast had to offer and made sure that i understood how to use the device before i left . i have been using it for several days now and have not put it down for the last week or so . in fact this is now my primary device . it burns a lot stronger than my mpv and the flavour is so much more intense and the amount of vapour that it produces is just `` wow '' ! ! thank you guys for your patience ! this device is just amazing and i love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "updating review as the owner took the time to message me and apologize for the experience that i had .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "there 's a sales rep here who is the worst . talks down to customers and uses sarcastic language when he is asked for help or suggestions . i , thankfully , knew what i was looking for and had no trouble with getting what i wanted . all in all , the juice is pretty good - just make sure to stay away from a larger fellow who is constantly vaping in the store with his friends .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i would give it zero star if i could . this is the worst aritzia by far and i have shopped at aritzia for many years . staff members are unhelpful majority of the time ( ie not offering to start a fitting room when it 's not even busy at the store ) . and they have an attitude problem . for example , i asked one of the girls if they had the wool scarf that i saw on their website . ( i even showed them the picture ) . the girl pointed me to some thin cotton scarf at the back of the store , not even bothering walking over there to show me . then i told her politely no , i am looking for wool scarf . then the girl snapped at me and said `` i know what you mean ! ! ! we do n't have wool scarves '' and then she walked away . worst experience ever , i would never go back to that store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ive been into a lot of aritzias as i am a frequent shopper . to be honest they generally all give decent service . there seems to be a seamlessness in experience from store to store . but this particular time going into aritizia at this location i was pleasantly surprised . i tried on a lot , and did n't feel this looming pressure to buy . infact the asian girl who was helping me ( not that specific , like 4 of them were asian ) , but anyway she was very understanding and swift and answered all my questions and gave me her opinions . on top of that she was very nice and seemed extremely genuine . though aritizia can be a well oiled machine , i do miss that genuine feeling and approach . i really got that today with that associate . really fabulous service and reasonable responses to my questions . too bad i do n't know her name .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a great shopping date with a gf of mine here . the whole experience end to end was pretty good . we came during a sale season ( just a few weeks ago ) . the sales girls were helpful , and did n't have any attitude . generally , i ca n't complain . my gf walked out with a cute outfit . i conceded to my shopoholic self , and left with a pair of shorts . overall , it was a great visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live right by this cigar bar and i could n't be happier about that ... great spot with great cigars ! it 's located across from the shell gas station and has neon lights decorating the outside of the business . the selection is awesome and the staff is knowledgable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't remember why i spent a friday afternoon here with some friends , but the experience was great . a decadent decore and presidential suite like furniture , i was extremely impressed . our waitress ( alicia ) was not only beautiful and charming , seemed knowledgeable about the products and made some very good recommendations . i enjoyed the mojitos and sangria . we were provided with a cheese and cracker appetizer that was to die for . unfortunately , i know nothing of cigars and can not contribute to that area of the lounge . still goes to show this spot can be enjoyed by non-cigar smokers at least : b", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came out to west wing for their grand opening a couple weekends ago . this place is going to be amazing . the seating area is open and spacious . the staff was extremely friendly . they have a good cigar selection , and that was even before the second humidor was ready ! the food is good ... i 'm not sure why they serve their filet sliced , but it still tastes great . also , the malbec wine is a winner . i will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . they are in a soft opening and there humidor is still getting broke in . so there high end cigars are not in yet . the atmosphere is relaxing and they have a oval office set up . they have a good selection of beers that are unique . wine selection is great and priced right the filet minon was perfect . the staff is awesome . give them a try", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to smoke a cigar , have some yummy food and drinks and watch a football game . away from the hustle and bustle of the strip", "score": "5"}
{"review": "west wing is a truly great place to enjoy a cigar . i travel all over the u.s. and make a point to visit cigar lounges in all of the major metros . west wing is a best in class for sure . best in las vegas for sure . if you love cigars , this is your place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is pretty nice . good food & cigar prices are reasonable i really like the live bands while enjoying a good cigar & a glass of cognac after dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this cigar lounge is at the top of the list . the atmosphere is incredible and provides for a relaxed yet fun night . the staff is knowledgable and friendly . live music was unexpected and helped make this one of the best lounges i 've travelled to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "closed : ( was a great place to grab a smoke and a drink but west wing appears to have closed down . the coffee amd hummus were great pairings with the sticks that they had which ranged from ashtons to tatuajes . prices were decent as well . wish they didnt close , i really liked coming here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hope this place opens back up because they had awesome beer hummus and steak . the prices were cheap and must be why they went out of business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place is closed . out of business . too bad ? looked nice . this area sorely needed a cigar lounge . less then a year the place was open ? oh well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was looking for a nice place to enjoy a good cigar and i found it ! alicia was a great waitress . i will be back my next trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is one prior review , and frankly , i do n't have much to add . honey moon has been in irwin for ( i 'm guessing ) about 6 years . the food is good and the portions are decent , but it 's nothing extraordinary . prices are reasonable . there are several chinese restaurants in the irwin area , and this one is conveniently located on clay pike . there are only a handful of tables inside , so it 's not really conducive for a sit-down meal . more of a take-out joint . my biggest issue is that they do n't deliver , which would give them a heads up since i do n't believe any of the other chinese places deliver , especially since this is n't a sit-down place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "standard chinese joint that is family owned and run . it 's convenience and value make it a solid choice . tip : you can substitute soup for the egg roll in the combination dinners .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "your order will be ready in 20 minutes when you arrived to pick it up they tell you , we ran out of fried rice and it will another 20-30 minutes . no thanks wo n't see me again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sybil is a great yoga instructor . i started working with sybil over a year ago and had pain in both my shoulder and hip . sybil took the time to evaluate my pain and build a plan to reduce eliminate it . after a couple of sessions , my pain began to be reduced and now i 'm pain free . sybil is awesome and would highly recommend her to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sybil has such a gentle way about her . she is grounded and a nurturing soul . her ability to transform my inner being through her daily recommended meditations and yoga poses helps me be a better doctor to my patients . i 've also seen the same guidance and transformation to clients whom we share a responsibility in managing . as a naturopathic doctor having balance in the mind , body and spirit are incredibly important ... it is not just a saying but a practice as well . namaste !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sybil is amazing ! as an osteopathic physician i have worked with a number of therapists and yogis over the years and she has an approach that i find most compatible with the osteopathic treatment approach . i have seen her as a client myself and she has helped me with my low back pain more than any chiropractor or physical therapist has ever done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sybil is amazing at what she does ! she was able to help me as an athlete hugely ! whenever i have been in pain she has given me exercises and movements to help me work myself out of pain ! if you are in pain , go see this woman !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people that work here are always very friendly and helpful . it 's a pretty small place , but they have a good selection of asu stuff at decent prices . great items always on sale . i got my dad a nice asu dad t-shirt for about $ 15 and a cute blouse for myself for 40 % off . 2 hour free parking is available just north of this location in n open parking lot from 6 or 8 am - 6pm , i think monday through friday . sorry , i 've forgotten the exact days and start time . they also currently have stuff for the teams playing in the insight bowl .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was a hard decision to give this place a 4 vs a 5 . sg and i are a 's fans . this place sells itself during spring training as a place to get all your spring training shirts and hats and stuff . but , they do not have any a 's hats and almost no a 's shirts . come on guys , get some more a 's stuff ! ! ! ! ! they do have a great selection of asu stuff for the locals and some really neat designs from the other teams that come down to spring training , hence the 4 . the owner , who is present in the shop , is very nice and very attentive to customers . the other staff are also very helpful . they have some great deals and some killer sales , so as long as you are not an a 's fan , you will likely find just what you want ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live in ca but travel to az quite often for games . the owner worked with me on some special orders to ensure we could pick them up on game day when we arrived in town . i have been in the store a dozen times to pick up asu gear . they have a wonderful staff , a great selection and decent prices . the best part ? the store is owned and operated by an asu alum . this is my go to spot for any and all asu gear purchases .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to cactus sports because , for years now , i 've been seeing their booth at a 's games in phoenix in march . i finally had a break in my schedule and decided to pay them a visit . it 's a little hole in the wall . the prices are n't as good as i thought they 'd be , but the sale items are . you have to be careful , though : the flyer they give out says two-for-one , but it 's only for their sale merchandise . still , i got two polo shirts for the price of one , and that 's pretty good . and i was pleased to see they had a little more a 's merchandise than previously noted . but when you visit , you 'll be overwhelmed by asu stuff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the people here are very nice and friendly . after i paid i felt as if they were trying to rush me out the door .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this store is clean and easy to shop in . if your an asu fan , this is the place to be . the staff is happy to help you find what ever you need . prices are fair and i love the items from baby outfits to adult attire , to great small gifts inbetween . i hate to call it a hole in the wall , just because it 's small . this store is cleaner than most name brand shops and it 's a local store that i love to support ! thanks for making shopping for asu gear fun and exciting ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give negative stars i would . i had confirmed appointment today , and when i showed up on time she barely looked up from her client she was working on to say i must be early ? i told her i was on time per the text and email confirmation , as i scheduled online ( only way to schedule as she never returned my 3 voicemails ) she said '' whatever , and she would be another 20 minutes as the current client showed up late '' .i sat in the reception area while she was laughing with the client . after 20 minutes passed , it was obvious she was n't near being done so i asked her how much longer and she said she did n't know ? she was rude and could n't bother to even offer up any professional respect ... could n't believe it ! i asked for a refund and she told me to take it up with groupon . i think i dodged a bullet !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was a very odd experience . the owner and service provider really needs to learn some professionalism . when i walked in , i felt like i was bothering her from her tv show she was watching on her computer . while i was filling out paperwork , she was ordering food on the phone . during the process , she was pushing down so hard on my forehead it made my neck ache . the whole time she was working on me , she was watching ncis and making comments about it . not once did she make any small talk with me , only talked at the tv . just a very unprofessional environment and this woman does n't seem to know how to interact with people . i would not recommend it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow these are some harsh reviews . .. anyway , i purchased the groupon coupon . made my appointment , yes my appointment was scheduled very far out ( 2+ weeks ! ) but i was n't in a hurry to get them done . day of the appointment , i was a bit lost confused as to where she was located . there were multiple offices in building . i finally found it , was greeted but waited a few minutes ( my appointment time was now being used ) after a few minutes of the previous client leaving she took me in . she listened to what exactly i 'm looking for & i loved my finished look . i have paid triple somewhere else , more upscale & hated it . she did exactly what i wanted ... natural but flirty look . she did give me a little tmi about her husband & family life but whatever lol ... it could 've been a lot worse . plus i was in & out fairly quickly..maybe 35 -40 minutes max ... i would absolutely go back.. !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "aweful . i booked an appointment online at v lashed website and personally spoke to the woman ( owner ) over the phone , and she confirmed my appointment but when i drove 30 mins to my appointment she tells me she is booked and that i could n't have made the appointment . i showed her my email confirmation and she proceeds to argue with me . instead of being polite and apologising she was rude , degrading and argumentative . she treated me like i was n't important because i had a groupon and she had her `` regular clients '' today . i told her that i also , talked to her over the phone and she said `` well i was on vacation . '' but , i explained she confirmed my appointment time anyway and she continues to tell me it 's still not her fault because she was on `` vacation . '' classless , unprofessional , rude , argumentative and the place looked like a cheap hole . i 'm glad i did n't let her touch my eyes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst eyelash experience , located inside a counseling center , rude practitioner , used acetone to clean my lashes . burned & irritated my skin & eyes . when she was done i could barely open my eyes they were watering and burning so bad , the lashes lasted a couple days ( started falling off before i even left the parking lot of the place ) and were so sparse , it was not worth the time or torture . do n't go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i purchased a groupon for eyelashes , and would not recommend this service . the owner service provider was rude over the phone when i called to schedule the appointment , and she did n't have much availability even a few weeks out . her office service area was messy and smelled strongly of fried food . there was no greeting or reception upon arrival . my overall experience was bad and the environment was simply unprofessional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been going to valencia for 3 years and not once have i ever had an experience like these reviews talk about . i came to her because i had a terrible experience in a tempe salon . she does an amazing job and my lashes have totally recovered from my first experience . she taught me how to keep my lashes clean and gives me great advice on how to keep them strong . i 'm in and out in less than 30 minutes ! i mean ... she won 3rd place in a national competition so obviously she 's amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "totally awesome ! my lashes look amazing ! valencia does a great job , probably the most comfortable i 've been while getting lashes , no pinching or stinging . i got exactly what i wanted , the look i wanted , perfect ! relaxed environment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my lashes ! ! this is my second time going to valencia and i am so happy i did . my first set of lashes were given to me as a gift and i loved them so much . i did exactly as she instructed ( no oil makeup remover , try not to get them wet , brush them once a day ) and they seriously lasted me over a month . no joke . i went in today and reminded her how long it had been since my last visit and she even was impressed with how many i had left . ofcourse , i love that i got them redone today because they look amazing . she gives me the exact look i want even though i do n't know the proper terminology . she is awesome ! i seriously recommend going to valencia for your lashes ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to vlashed twice . once for the initial appointment and then for the follow up fill in . both experiences were fine . i loved the outcome of my lashes each time . i have not had an issue with fall out or eye irritation . i heard about the company through groupon . i highly recommend vlashed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes , it is cheap , yest it is the only place in the whole neighborhood with asian cuisine but no , it is not worth it . the spicy is just salty with some crushed chilies in in . we had to add sriracha sauce to make it taste good ! in fact , we had to add sauce to make it taste like anything . if you really want dumplings and not spend too much money , go to chinatown and buy some frozen and eat them at home . or any other place with a high concentration of asian people . i had such high hopes for montreal chinese crepes & dumplings based on their rave reviews but clearly , none of these have tried qing hua in their lives . save yourself the long line of angry old ladies screaming at each other and hobbling over the steps for some 'sweet and spicy ' dumplings . they are neither sweet , not spicy , not worth the wait .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice little chinese snack bar serving delicious chinese cr\u00eapes and dumplings at the most unexpected place on westminster . the crepes are thin and delicate , stuffed with your choice of meat or veggies and folded to eat like a sandwich . the beef jerky one was tasty and a bit spicy , while the pork one was delicious and less spicy . the dumplings are delicate and very good . the place is very clean but seating is limited to 2 counters against the wall . perfect for a quick fix . i would definitively recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i already left a 5 star review for the dumplings but had to write another review after trying their crepe . it was scrumptious . in the future , i will have a hard time deciding between the two .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried the beer batter fried chicken crepe , and was impressed . i came here from toronto and this place was highly recommended . the crepe was fabulous and definitely worth returning ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ladies and gentlemen , cotswold has finally arrived with our own farmers market ! it 's a small market , maybe 15-20 stalls total but a great one . every vendor 's selection looked amazing ! we started with breakfast -- a blackberry cream cheese scruffin and coffee -- from great harvest bread co. and leisurely strolled up and down a couple times . we went home with quite the haul ! amazing produce from rosemay pete including a kobucha squash i 'm really looking forward to experimenting with this week . my guy got a pork butt and a pound of wahoo that are both in the smoker as i type this . the market is only open saturdays from 8am-12pm and tucked behind the medical building on sharon amity , across from ihop . lots of parking ! friendly management from the rotarians . i 'm excited to make a visit here a part of my saturday morning routine every week !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tucked in the parking lot behind the cotswold medical center building is a terrific neighborhood farmers market ! the market is open saturdays only from 8am to 12pm . since it is a pop up market , i 'm not sure if they will discontinue for the late fall winter months or not . the thing i love about the market is the variety of vendors , not a lot of repeats here as well as some unique finds . some of the vendors also change from week or week too so there is always something new to try . my past visit included a great selection of produce , fresh flowers , scones , pound cake , bread , and grass fed hormone free meats and cheeses . the viva raw juice truck and a king of pops cart are regulars at the market too . the vendors are all super friendly and love to tell you about their products . almost all of the vendors accept cards but appreciate cash .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this market is much smaller than some others around town , but it is excellent . when my wife and i went , there were around 20 stalls , and everyone had something different to offer . fresh flowers , local meats and cheeses , bread , local honey , frozen meals , local produce , and more . my wife and i walked away with a dozen eggs , some ultra-thick bacon , tomatoes , a few loaves of bread , peppers , buffalo cheese , and of course a few king of pops popsicles . most of the vendors take cash and cards , which is very convenient . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's just not good . the food tastes pre-made , frozen , and microwaved . canned veggies . i would never go there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we waited a few minutes before someone finally greeted us and took us to a table . it was n't very busy , yet we watched several of the wait staff pass right in front of us without so much as a glance . one older couple got their soup and drinks ( they spoke to their waitress like they were regulars ) while we remained unattended to . we finally got up after almost 10 minutes of being ignored and left . on the way out someone had the nerve to acknowledge us and act offended that we were leaving . we will never be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing really special about the food i had the ruben and it was ok i have had much better . our waitress was not very personable and did not seem like she wanted to be here . probably would not come back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the gem of indian trail . we 've only been here for breakfast , and i ca n't imagine coming for any other meal , because its great . we 're here once a month at least . the location has plenty of seating , has a small town atmosphere , and clean booths & bathrooms . the staff are super friendly and will keep your coffee hot and full the entire time you are there . all the breakfast classics are readily available . the prices are out of this world , we get a great meal and out there door for less than $ 20 bucks with tip for two . the eggs are tasty , their hashbrowns are okay . but that corned beef hash is downright delicious . why is n't it 5 stars ... . well ... 1 . they play fox news on the tv . 2 . one time my spoon was dirty which i didn n't see until i had already put it in my coffee 3 . the hashbrowns deluxe , were not that stellar . 4 . did i mention fox news ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here several times for breakfast and lunch . each time i have been very happy and content with my food and service . it is a friendly and open atmosphere . there is plenty of room and seating . the booths are comfy and restaurant is clean . the service has always been great . the servers treat you like family . the are attentive to your needs and quick with orders and food . each dish is served with a lot of food . the portions are huge and most dinners come with two sides and a complementary soup . my type of deal ! ! i love the spaghetti sauce because it 's slightly sweet and that 's how i make my own . it is a meat sauce , which i tend to stay away from-but trust me this one is perfect ! ! the breakfasts are large and satisfying . again -- huge portions for the price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant lies to employees and screws them out of money ! please see my comment in tips below . there are plenty of other places to eat in same shopping strip . please patronize establishments other than this one ! i have 18 years restaurant experience and have only worked one other place as dysfunctional as sun valley cafe !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing special . not good food at all ( the three of us had breakfast ) . do n't think i will be coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": ", i gave this place several chances , but this past sunday was it for us . mind you the service was good . the food on the other hand was just horrible , horrible . the green beans are canned w way to much seasoning and soggy . i ordered the patty melt and the meat felt like card board with absolutely no flavor , the rye bread was so soggy that it was stuck on the meat , but the edges where hard as a rock . this place has completely vanished from our choices to eat . bye", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a good experience at all ! ! out of fried chicken , out of mashed potatoes , mac and cheese not good . service was poor . first and last visit for sure .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "disgusting ! how could anyone eat at this place ? i do n't care how cheap it is ... it 's awful . even the staff look like they 're about to die working in that place . absolutely horrible . do not waste your time or money here ! you 'll regret it !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the servers are nice , but i ordered a gyro from sun valley cafe once and only once . did n't even finish it , normally gyros meat is soft and tender , the one i had the slice of meat was thick and the texture was so weird i took two bites and i was done .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great home cooking restaurant . always order from here whenever i 'm down and need some good comfort food to make me feel better . it always works . great gyros , baked spaghetti is great . whenever we dine in , the service is good too . very nice and local people who seem to enjoy their job .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've eaten here twice now , both times for dinner . both were relatively positive experiences : decent service , appetizing food , pleasant atmosphere . nice family-friendly , southern style cooking type of restaurant . people in my group were disappointed at the limited sides `` vegetables '' list ( the little to no healthier options , that is ) . both times the majority of my party really enjoyed their food . i will say i did n't care much for their mac 'n cheese , but it was n't terrible , just something i wo n't order next time . i think the place is comfortable and the staff is nice , the prices are reasonable and the food is decent , so it 's a good place to visit occasionally if you live nearby .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is hit or miss but definitely home cooking type food . love the bbq plate meal with 2 sides .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food ! i dont understand where people think this is a greek restaurant ... . ive been to a few and nothing seemed greek in this place ... . i went the other day with my mother for lunch . she had the potato soup and salad . it was excellent ! i had the chicken over stuffing with green beans . it was excellent . staff was very friendly ! what a great home cooked meal ! ill deffinately go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean , clean , clean under new ownership and recently remodeled . my husband i i breakfast here on sat . mornings . it is fast , cheap , and friendly . i like to get in and get out on sat . mornings and this is the place . it is your typical diner , not fancy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the gyro pita and the fries are amazing ! gahhhhhh also our waitress was very nice : ) but do wish she checked on us after food was served .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have been here for breakfast brunch a couple of times . they 're pretty good about getting you in , and i 've enjoyed my meals here . waitstaff knows the menu pretty well , and is good about keeping drinks topped off . prices are average , value is above average . ample parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very open and large dining area . good home cooking . the place to go for fried chicken , mac n cheese ... comfort food in general . prices are reasonable , menu extensive and quality consistently solid . key term : comfort food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice place to take the folks as the food is not overly seasoned if at all . we liked the fact that they do not season with pork .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "your a-typical greek family owned style place with down home cooked meals as well as traditional greek dishes . i 've eaten here a couple times and last time was with my girlfriend and kids in tow . they were very quick and friendly with the ordering and the dishes were a hit with everyone at the table . i had a grilled chicken salad and it was served in a bowl the size of jupiter . i 'm ok with that because i want to feel like i 'm getting my money 's worth . this place will certainly give you that feeling . my girlfriend at the gyro plate and the meat was really good . one note to make , for those that might care , this place does n't serve adult beverages so you are hereby forewarned !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very disappointing . the soup was awful . they seemed to add sugar to everything . the staff was lazy . we wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my first visit . ordered the gyro pita that comes with a complimentary soup . they were out of soup . it happens . but complimentary or not the price charged includes a cup of soup and it makes you feel like your getting cheated when they do n't offer some other small token instead . server said that other patrons had also expressed frustration in the past when it happens . not a very well thought out way to ensure customer satisfaction on managements part . probably figured no big deal . but it did truly cost them one future patron . sorry , too many other nearby restaurants i can eat at that strive for customer satisfaction . a solution would be to add the words `` complimentary cup of soup while supplies last '' then you do n't feel like it 's always included , you just feel like you should 've come earlier .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great home cooked meals that 's always comes with service with a smile ! best soups in the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like the food selection and friendly wait staff . i have ever are here 5 or 7 times and have always enjoyed the food . family friendly and a good place to reach and talk .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our current weekend breakfast spot since moving out of uptown & back down to indian trail . i ca n't speak for their lunch dinner menu , but they serve a great breakfast . it 's a rather small & simple menu , but everything they make , they make well . my personal favorite on their menu is the hobo breakfast . it 's a layer of hash browns , onions , peppers & ham , topped with scrambled eggs , smothered in a heap of sausage gravy . get a biscuit and a side of country ham & go to town on that bad boy ! staff are all very nice . my only nitpick is that i think their grits could use some improvement . otherwise , solid breakfast spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sun valley cafe is great for a quick bite for a good price . the food is good and consistent and the wait staff is always friendly and fast with refills and such . plus they give you free soup ! who does n't like that ? i love their salads and my husband loves their meatball sub and cheesesteak ... but only with onion rings instead of fries ( they are n't anything special ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hash browns awful . omelets ok. grits ok. clean . server very good , friendly . wo n't be back", "score": "3"}
{"review": "used to be so good with previous owners . mediocre food , service . prices went up , quality , portions went down .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like their soup . its the best . some of their food is okay . what i dont like is the service . i feel rushed . i feel like im a bother ... .or i 'm at my evil step mother 's house lol . everything is rush rush rush . whats all the fuss about ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my family loves this place ! we are always well taken care of and the staff makes us feel like family . as far as the food , it always tastes fresh and you can tell it is made in-house , which is so refreshing . and you ca n't beat the prices- it 's definitely a good value if you are looking for a home-cooked meal . there is something for everyone . i 'm a pretty picky eater and i have enjoyed everything i have tried . the onion rings are my favorite !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , so first off do not let them seat you by the waitress station . i was bumped and jolted more than riding the friggin ny subway . also , the dropped serving trays atleast 3xs . the food : meh . the complimeary soup is more of an insult than a compliment - i 've never seen chicken soup as thick as chowder . wo n't be back - already tried them twice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yuck ! ! ! service was good ; however , food was greasy and not fresh . i would not recommend this place to anyone !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in for a to-go order : a chicken pita and a philly cheese steak . i 've got no complaints - both were good . it was n't particularly busy at that time ( saturday afternoon , 2-ish ) but the phone rang several times for to-go orders , and l was very happy that mine came out so quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great family restaurant . best items ordered were country fried steak and peanut butter pie !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "home cooked meals ? everything that i inquired about was n't homemade . meatballs - no . the green beans were obviously from a can . i am sure i could point out more things if i thought about it . the fried pickles and squash were over breaded and greasy . the complimentary soup is a nice touch . but seems odd when you order a bowl of chili for your meal . perhaps a side salad would be a more appropriate choice ? overall he food is average , service too . really wish you would invest in an allergy menu . but do like that they accommodate for kids to have mac and cheese vs french fries .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we eat at sun valley cafe all the time . the food is delicious , simple and homey . portions are generous . nothing fancy here , but always pleasant service and consistently good experiences .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! i got the buffalo chicken wrap , comes with awesome fries , ranch or blue cheese dressing on the side . my brother got the gyro pita , he said it was very good . he also got the awesome fries . wish the fries had been a tad hotter , but they were still great ! i think you get my point ... anyways ... staff was nice , our waitress was on top of everything . big menu so there is a lot to choose from , $ 8.00 person-average . would return again next time i see a movie : ) also , i wish they would turn the music up a bit , could n't really hear it , but not a huge issue !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have only been out here from california for 2 months . and already we feel like family at our little cafe . the staff is very friendly , and not only are they good to the customer , they are good to each other . the food is good . its very much a family environment . my son with autism already knows everyone , and they treat him as if they have known him all his life . love all you girls , and elliot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thid is the 2nd time we have came here for breakfast and we are very pleased again . the staff is always friendly and the food is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "breakfast at this place is great ! super fast and friendly ! ! they give you a lot of food and it is pretty inexpensive . i love hash browns and they were perfect , a little crispy on the outside and wonderful on the inside . the only way this place could be better for breakfast is if the sausage gravy biscuits were a little less floury tasting and spicier ( think bojangles here ) . we will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's definitely cheap compared to other hotels in dt phoenix . we were n't in the hotel much anyway because we were traveling . as with any hotel - you get what you pay for . the hotel is old . -the shower water was cold the first night that we got there . interestingly they give you rusk body lotion , shampoo , body wash , and soap . maybe it 's to make up for everything else in the bathroom being so old . -there 's a nice little pool with chairs and space on an open air roof . overall a good experience and i would highly recommend it to the budget traveler .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "blah ... very disappointing . i ended up at the san carlos when it was the only hotel downtown that was n't sold out . i do n't think it was worth the $ 200 a night , but i did n't have a choice . the shower was amazingly tiny . i felt like i was being frisked up against a wall just to wash my hair . the walls are super thin . i could hear snoring from one room , coughing from across the hall and the tv on the other side ... .just awful . the staff was n't very helpful -- -forgot to program a wake up call , refused to assist when an alarm had been going off in another room for over an hour in the middle of the afternoon , etc . the ghost lounge was very cute ... i went down and it was a swing night which seemed to be fun . i 'd be willing to come back to the lounge , but not the hotel for sure .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went to an event hosted at hotel san carlos and found the appetizers tasty , nothing special but basic . the drinks were made well , the room was clean and relaxing , the service was nice and personable . i think it is a great spot in downtown phoenix for a social party gathering ! i have never stayed in the hotel , so this review is strictly in the event category . hotel san carlos , has great charm and attentive employees .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stayed at this hotel for a conference and it was terrible ! i understand it is an old building but old buildings do n't have to be dirty and falling apart . poor , poor , poor , terrible value for what you pay ( on this occasion a `` special '' conference rate of $ 199 ) . tiles in the bathroom were chipped , dirty , and in need of repair , the `` art '' on the wall was falling apart inside the frame , the pillows smelled like they were washed in beer , furniture and doors had chipped paint , you can hear your neighbors coughing and taking showers , your skin is scalded in the shower whenever someone flushes the toilet in your wing of the hotel , and there is a story and picture of a rape and murder line up next to the elevator . if that run-on sentence does n't detract you then look at the rest of the reviews on here -- more than half of them seem like fake 4 ratings and the rest tell the true story and echo my complaints .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "classy old hotel in downtown phoenix . there is little to do in the area after dark and the room we were in did not have air conditioning . how the hell can a hotel in phoenix not have air conditioning ? the charm of the place is that they kept much of the original decor and fixtures of this once famous phoenix institution .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the history - architecture and original finishes ( copper elevators ! ) are awesome . outdated finishes ( old carpet , really small bathrooms , shower water that randomly changes from cold to scalding ) are not . location is excellent - walk to anything you want downtown , train stop is a block away , adjacent to seamus mccaffrey 's and ghost lounge . we stayed one night and did n't have any problems with thin walls or cleanliness . pool is up on the 3rd floor , which is cool . price is really good . overall , if you ever want to stay downtown and save some bucks , i totally recommend the hotel san carlos . hotel san carlos , if you are reading this , please please modernize the hotel somewhat ( see hotel valley ho ) and i guarantee you will immediately draw a crowd .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a few friends and i had the pleasure of staying one night in room 720 -- the room leone jensen stayed in . we did n't have any run-ins with her ghost , but we had a good time just the same : ) be sure to talk with the night security manager dennis yesh . . . he is a hoot ! he can familiarize you with the history of the building . do n't expect too much for amenities -- come for the history and the location : ) get some drinks downstairs at rice paper .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i decided to take a little staycation and chose the hotel san carlos . my overall impression was very positive . tucked right in the heart of downtown phx it was the perfect location to allow us to walk to so many different resturants and bars . the hotel itself was very comfortable and filled with character . there were cool pictures and memorabilia throughout the building that pointed out the long history of the hotel . while the hotel is supposed to be haunted we can report nothing on that front . the only downside of this resturant was no room service available . if they added this i would have given 5 stars . based on location and price this place was a great value and filled with character .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this hotel was awful . we stayed there during a work trip and i have never been more miserable in my life . 1 . no hot water ( are you kidding ? ! ) 2 . no working tv in our room 3 . dirty carpet 4 . rude staff 3 . excercise room had 3 machines , of which 1 was working . 4 . no coffee onsite , the closest was starbucks down a few blocks . 5 . the `` restaurant '' inside the hotel was a greasy spoon ... the food was gross . 6 . here is the best part : we had to leave due to the lack of hot water , and they still charged us for a night that we did not stay at the hotel . the manager ( if you can call her that ) was full of crazy excuses and refused to refund our money . we had to call our cc company to dispute the charge ... seriously . this is not worth your money or time , trust me !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is old . walls are paper thin , it 's almost like the noise from the hall and other nearby rooms is amplified . is that even possible ? the room did appear clean . no security at all , just a young girl behind the front desk . doors to both streets wide open and vagrants milling around the openings , lounge , and lobby . the worst part is the `` manager '' . shortly after checking in ( mid-afternoon ) , we decided this is not going to work . we took our luggage back downstairs and turned in the key , leaving the room exactly as it was when we arrived . the desk clerk called the manager , who said we would be charged one nights room + a $ 50 early departure fee . we asked to speak with the manager and were told she would not talk to us . everyone else says this place is cheap , but a $ 170 charge for not even staying there seems a little pricing to me . we are no having to dispute the charge with the cc bank .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i didnt spend the night but i would . i went for the entertainment that was advertised . the club down stairs was dead . went to the pool they had some bands pretty cool vibe . i ordered two drinks tasted like warm flat soda there goes $ 20 but the door guys were nice enough to give me my cover back . im going to give this place another shot soon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no stars- cheap you buy , cheap you get . paper thin walls so i could hear the neighbors sports scores on the tv and even clear his throat and cough . i was happy he was n't on his honeymoon or i would have heard every sigh and grunt . the chipped bath tile and unglazed bathtub made me wonder how they were keeping it clean . the pool had cushions floating in it and probably only has sun for 15 minutes a day and when my roommate touched the water she got shocked . are they sure the resident ghost leaped to her death and was n't electrocuted in the pool . there is old and classy , then just old and ghetto . we are not talking shabby chic . you ca n't control temperature in your room either.good luck getting your money back after the $ 50 cancellation fee on a prepaid room . i heard from a local that the area used to be the prostitute area.nice family resort .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband booked the hotel because it was listed as one of america 's historic hotel . it 's in need of some tlc . bathroom tiles chipped and dirty grout made it seem dirty . small room facing the main street ( quiet though ) . unless you 're going to a baseball or basketball game ( both stadiums are within walking distance ) , downtown phoenix is dead . hotel also mentioned by travel channel as being one of the most haunted ( ghost bar ) . even during the day , little activity in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a little pricey for the lack of amenities but the history of the hotel made it worth one night stay . tiny room . simple bathroom . did have a bar with food open late so that was great . i did n't get to their pool but heard it was nice . room seemed clean to me . great location ! walking distance to everything downtown . beware ! i was quoted one price on the phone but when i went to use the yelp promo they bumped it $ 10 bucks . not cool !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first negative review i ever wrote about anything ever one star for the engineering tech that at least tried to get wifi working in my room there is not really any positive thing i can say about this hotel , wish i yelped it before i let my co book it for me first off , when you check in , they tell you if you leave early there is a $ 50 fee , this is confusing until you get to your room and stay a little while broken elevators , wifi hardly works , uncomfortable bed and mattresses , no hvac control , comforter is garbage , rooms and bathroom are tiny , unclean ... . i can go on and on all the negative reviews on this place are on point , stay somewhere else or you will regret it", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i spent three nights . the staff was friendly . however , i concur with other people . the walls are extremely thin and i could hear the people next door unfortunately until 1am in the morning . my room was on the second floor directly over the lounge bar and on thursday and friday night , music also played until the wee hours . i found the bed uncomfortable . the air conditioner was directed on to the bed and there are no controls . when someone turned on the shower in adjacent rooms , there is a loud noise that is present ( unfortunately @ 5 am ) . there was also about a 10 inch step to enter the bathroom which is unsafe at night in the dark .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "these guys do business with ameripark a block down , yet they wo n't take any responsibility when ameripark gives you issues . we had a small , low trailer attached to our honda civic . ameripark had lots of parking spots but the fact that we had this small trailer was a huge deal for them , and worst of all they could n't even bs a reason why . there are a lot of ways they could have helped but they did n't . be careful", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly staff , independent hotel with a nice cool pool even on the heat of june ... oh , and ghosts ! perfectly charming place to stay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff is very pleasant . the accommodations , however , leave much to be desired . i heard every word that the women in the room next to me said . i know what time they finally went to sleep , and the moment they awoke . the room itself had no individual heat ac ... no thermostat . there was a central system , but i am used to controlling my own environment . the carpets , like everything else , are old , giving a slightly moldy smell . and there is insufficient hot water in the building when the rooms are all occupied . and the wifi is insanely slow .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "5 stars goes to the valet gentleman standing out front of the san carlos this am . i was walking back to my office from starbucks with my coffee thinking about the lack of happiness in downtown phoenix . very few smiles or laughs this morning . as i walked past the hotel the staff struck up a brief morning conversation with a smile and it made my day . thank you for being so friendly . i just called the hotel to speak to a manager and let them know how friendly the staff was . woman who answered phone stated there was no manager working . one star for you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "suprised my husband with a night away from home . we had talked about staying at this hotel for years but had never actually done it . so glad we did ! staff was friendly , hotel was clean and well kept and the surrounding area was great it as nice to venture we especially loved that they hotel has kept it 's 'old ' and classic feel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hotel historique qui a vu passer marylin et clark gable pas un peu v\u00e9tuste , bien plac\u00e9 mais personnel peu sympa , parking cher ( 20 dollars ) et petit dej nul ... l'hotel serait hant\u00e9 , la l\u00e9gende est sympamas nous n'avons pas rencontr\u00e9 `` la '' fant\u00f4me", "score": "3"}
{"review": "all i have to say is , should 've listened to the reviews before staying here . lol . first of all , the front desk service was ok . though they did n't explain much and basically just said sign here here here . umm ok. second , the rooms are small but not too small -- except the shower . third , the bed was super comfy and a lot of pillows ok , now the bad part . i was asleep ( well trying to ) , then i heard moaning . then it got louder . the people next to us were having sex all night and all morning , tf ? that 's how thin the walls are btw . 2 stars . never again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nothing better than being in a dead sleep to wake up to the screaming pipes because someone on another floor is showering , it sounded like an ambulance had pulled into our room .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our one night stay was just 'ok ' ! the staff was wonderful and very friendly . the place itself just needs a little sprucing while keeping the feel of an old place that has a lot of history . the beds were terrible and very uncomfortable and all of the bed pillows were hard . the tv volume was not working and the picture was terrible . we were happy that our room was clean and had a private bath . the temperature of the water was n't consistent and would switch from warm to scalding hot in seconds . the parking was $ 20 which was added to our room , which is ridiculous , but expected in downtown phoenix . we had a fun night out on the town with our friends , which made our stay a blast ! tons of bars and restaurants within walking distance . love downtown , but would probably stay somewhere else next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a fun and affordable hotel in downtown phoenix ! the beds and linens were nice , a pretty view of the city and a lovely rooftop swimming pool . if you like historic hotels with ghost stories you 'll love it here . so many restaurants and nightclubs to walk to and it 's right next to the light rail . also , a lot of celebrities stayed here back in the day including marilyn & elvis . the air conditioning was also nice which was great since it 's so hot outside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love san carlos ! my family and i stay here every time we 're in town for the holidays . it 's full of character and the staff are the best ! a truly unique place where you can find friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got to try these guys at the foodie fest this past weekend , and what better way to break them in then here ? tried da big baos which were like any pork belly bao i 've tried . still , the best value is at cheesecake factory where you get the same set up for $ 5.95 , but they 're known as vietnamese tacos ( why ? idk ? ? ? ) we also tried da lobsta balls which were decent but kinda tasted like kamaboko ( fishcake ) instead of lobster to me . i wish these guys continued success , and give them a try if they are on a street curb near you ... .aloha ! ! ! yelp 100 challenge- ( 91 100 ) `` mobile pho and other asian snacks ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this asian fusion cuisine is amazingly delicious ! i 've never tasted food like this before ! the staff is extremely friendly , price is right and besides who would 've thought pho on a food truck would be this delicious ! their food is made to order so it 's always fresh . i would say i would give two thumbs up and my face planted in to their food ! great job guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't go out of my way to eat at food trucks much anymore , but here 's one that i 'll probably stalk in the future . i got two orders of da big baoz ( $ 2.75 ea . ) and one pho-licious q slider ( $ 2.75 ) for lunch . the sirloin in the bao was slightly sweet but the sauce gave it a bit of a kick . both had plenty of filling . my only gripe is that the buns were a little dried out . the slider was amazing . i loved the chewy pretzel roll and there was plenty of tender brisket falling out the sides and back with every bite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this food truck ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it 's not like any other food truck out there ! ! so original ! ! ! ! i mean pho from a truck ? ? and not not just pho ; fresh poke ! lobster balls ! brisket sliders ? ? ? everything my husband and i tried was delicious ! ! the pho was amazing ! ! ! we ordered the wa da pho ! best beef broth ever ! tasty without msg ! my husband ordered another bowl when we finished with the first ! da lobsta ballz- soooooooo addictive with their dipping sauce . when we were there they had a special dish , spicy poke ! ! ! ! ! so mouthwatering good ! ! some of the freshest poke i 've ever had ... .and it came from a truck ! i ca n't wait to go back and try the other items on their menus ! definitely a must try . if you see this food truck parked somewhere , do yourself a favor and stop by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was finally able to try this truck . i had heard so many great things about it ... and it was all true ! ! ! ! i first tried the pho ... absolutely delicious ! the broth was beefy and yummy and oh so good ! we later tried the pho nachos ! ! ! omfreakin'goodness ! absolutely sexual ! ! ! ooops , can i say that on here ? ! ? ! ? they were so freakin ' good ! i ca n't wait to have some more ! if you see this truck , u must stop and partake ! you 'll be very sorry if you do n't !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just tweeted : @ lvhelpgro @ wadapho your brisket really is ridiculously # pho-licious ! https : www.facebook.com rick.passo posts 735566056470089 ... great meeting you @ firstfridaylv cc @ foodhublasvegas really great ingredients , wonderfully conceived fusion dishes , creative marketing , good people , amazing & fun vibe . what is not to like about this las vegas food innovation ? ? this truly is an awesome addition to the las vegas food scene ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best food trucks i 've ever tried . i recommend ordering their tacos and lobster balls . my husband tried their broth and he really loved it , but it made him full . so if you 're looking to experiment , order small items and share them . i really wish they had their own restaurant . i would go all the time . they 're the main reason why i visit the foodie fest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely check this truck out ! ! and the `` q '' sandwich is bad ass ! wa da pho sho !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the surf'n'turf pho and the tacos at the vegas foodie fest . the tacos were fantastic , but i did n't feel the pho at all . a bit sweet , the noodles a bit too chewy , minimal lobster and chewy beef . for a $ 14 ( i think ) pho , i was n't impressed . 3 stars thanks to the tacos .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ! this truck is amazing ! we were lucky enough to find these guys at the vans warped tour festival . the guy at the register was so friendly and immediately asked us if we wanted to sample their lobster balls ! yummy ! ! ! we went ahead and ordered their famous brisket sandwich which came with seasoned won ton chips . delicious ! i cant wait to run into this food truck again . everything tasted fresh and delish !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just found this truck for the first time at the freedomizer conference . tried to lobster ballz & the meatballz - pretty good stuff . i did enjoy the asian twist on both . not a bad price - $ 5 for each of them . i would look out for this truck again , and will order from them at upcoming vegas streatz festivals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ! just tried the asian chicken burrito and it was great . the mixtures of foods and spices just work so well together . i want to try other items next time . i 'll be on the lookout for their truck !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food from guys that will make u laugh . if u see them give the food a chance . they will surprise you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got to try them at the food fest . loved the lobster balls . i had some kind of sandwich too with thai coleslaw and i think the brisket used in their pho . wish i could remember the name , it was so yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i order the lunch special for 8.95 that included 2 ( of 5 choices ) entrees , chips , drink or dessert . i opted for da lobsta balls , da big baoz , and the dessert . the imitation lobster was firm with a nice crunchy coating . the dipping sauce was spicy and delicious . da big baoz was served on a super soft and fluffy bun and was filled tender beef . the chips were fried wontons , a nice surprise . they were spiced , but just wish that they were a bit saltier ( i know , such a health nut ! ) the dessert was a great finish - i think that is was a fried bun ( yeah fried ! ) dusted in cinnamon sugar . ca n't wait to try the sliders and pho next !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff here is extremely friendly caring understanding and works with you in every way . the dentist jubert aranas and his highly trained staff are really wonderful they do anything to make a it a painless situation had a two root canals and a extraction and a cleaning all in a 3 and a half hour process it was supposed to be six hours very happy with the work and the way they treated me before and after everything was finally done you wo n't be disappointed . i really recommend these guys if your in greenvalley area pecos and wigwam . great work guys proud of my smile now and no more tooth pain", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. velayo is an excellent dentist . she makes you feel extremely comfortable in the dental chair because she explains everything she does to you in a language you can understand . dr. velayo also gives you plenty of treatment options that allows you to choose the one that matches your budget and is the best for your dental care as well . everyone of the staff are extremely helpful and caring .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "back at it again , this place is great and the staff is wonderful ... constantly asking how i was feeling during my dental work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give 0 i would . i had a cleaning a crown done ( they told me i needed it ) and have experienced pain ever since ( 10 months ago ) . they referred me to a specialist in their network who was so unprofessional i doubt he is an actual doctor . and despite lodging many calm complaints and trying to see what could be done they did nothing , except continue to email and call me to tell me to come back for another cleaning etc ... these fly by night spots are why many of us have serious reservations about going to health care providers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i moved across town and was due for my cleaning . the office is new and perfect . the whole staff was friendly and understanding ... i was in a rush and they squeezed me in last minute . i 've already told my coworkers about them since i work in henderson .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this office is so accommodating . i i needed a last-minute cleaning and they were able to fit me in on new year 's eve . the staff is friendly and the office is very welcoming . i used to suffer from a severe phobia of the dentist but after i got my first cleaning here my fears ceased . i 've already gotten two cleanings and my wisdom teeth removed at this office . they are very good about going over the procedure and the payment method if need be . i highly recommend this office !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. velayo is an excellent dentist ! she is patient t and friendly . i recommend her to anyone looking or an honest and ethical dentist with your best interest in mind . the special for new patients is the way to go ! i was so happy after her visit because i had 0 cavities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 've had prior bad experiences with the dentist -- -- -go here . this is without question the best dentist , staff & facility in henderson ! monica m .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "people generally hate to go to the dentist , especially for that dreaded ( but necessary ) cleaning . i was apprehensive . i became comfortable immediately . the staff was professional yet friendly , and put me at ease . for the first time in my life , i fell asleep in the chair while getting a cleaning ! that 's how relaxed i was . the dentist and the staff showed that they really care , and that we are not just another number with money walking through the door . knowing i walked out of there with a healthier ( and cleaner ) mouth , i almost look forward now to my next visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "july is the month for all our cleanings ! ! ozzy my 9 year old was excited he loves to get his teeth cleaned .. wish he could get it everyday . emily did a good job making him comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am new to town & knew i needed a dentist , i came to this place because i found it online . the dentist & staff are all very nice and welcoming , and the office is very modern . i had a crown done here & it looks awesome , it looks so natural . if you are afraid of the dentist i would recommend this place , the office is a calming environment and the staff is very sweet . they are also open at convenient times , and accommodating to your schedule .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr velayo is great . my wife has dental issues stemming from a car accident when she was younger . doc took care of her special and complex issues with ease . i have normal healthy teeth and she took great care of my simple issues as well . i ca n't imagine going anywhere else with any future dental issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best dentist i have ever been to . i had my wisdom teeth removed and teeth cleaned and they were absolutely amazing throughout the whole thing . dr velayo and staff is so caring and very sweet . i highly recommend them ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to several dentists through the years and this particular dentist office is by far the best one . the entire staff is very friendly and helpful . dr. velayo is really super nice and she actually talks to you on a personal level . i also really like the hygienist emily she 's very thorough with what she does and explains everything . awhile back i had to have a root canal done and the dr. that came in to do it was great ! unfortunately i ca n't remember his name , but he definitely was pretty hot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. velayo was the best ! ! i went in for their 49 $ special ( i have no dental insurance ) so it really helped out a lot ! they do not in any way pressure you to get extra services or try to up charge your visit . dr. velayo listened to all my concerns and reasons for my visit , during the exam she made sure i was comfortable at all times and was very patient with me . she explained to me what she saw and gave some recommendations on how i could improve the overall health of my gums teeth . i ended up having one filling and i barely felt it at all ! ! she was so gentle and i really appreciated that . if i could give 10 stars i would ! ca n't wait to go back for my next cleaning . thank you dr. velayo and team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was amazing bianca velayo was absolutely amazing ! ! the whole staff was amazing , right from the start everyone was very nice and personable . the receptionist was very attentive and friendly ! the dentist bianca was very accommodating and helpful . the person who glazed my molar was outstanding ! ! ! i was very pleased and i will recommend this office to all my friends ! ! ! kudos on the ipad used for entering information and a very clean and modern dentist office ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local business in mt . holly . it 's much like a tractor supply , but more local with less garbage . what you can buy : equipment , feed ( dogs , horses , etc ) , some animal meds , hardware , work clothes , yard supplies.. you can also rent some equipment . repairs and parts of lawn equipment are also fantastic . prices are extremely reasonable . the only negatives i 've had is a sometimes long wait to get someone on the phone . when i asked about renting a piece of equipment , they said they did n't have it - only to later be told they did after i asked if i could buy one . the equipment is commercial grade - what you could get for residential at lowes is going to be far cheaper . if you want something that will last you , you 'll get ( or rent at great rates by the way ) better equipment . these are all local folks and they all know their business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the lawn guy was extremely rude , and made me so uncomfortable as a woman . then i realize he shorted me $ 20 in my change ! i am so livid right now . paid 2x the price for the part that i found out can get elsewhere . the money thing really kills me . that was n't a simple mistake . i am so pissed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very patient , helpful , and friendly people at the parts counter . and , like the other reviewer said , the store carries much what you 'd expect at tractor supply , though many items are of better quality . in addition to small engine parts , they carry misc . hardware odds and ends , and have an excellent selection of boots , jeans , and shirts . wide variety of styles and sizes . staff is friendly too ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my fourth thrift store stop this week ... .trying to unload too small clothes ... had i known their `` deal '' ... .it would have been my first ! ! they offered me $ 28 cash or over $ 95 store credit ! everywhere else does n't pay you until your stuff sells ... and after 90 days it 's their property and they donate it . i appreciated the fact that i was offered $ up front ! ! plus i had went in first to inform the gal i had four totes of clothes ... how much could i bring in ? she said `` all of it '' . awesome ! ! i will eventually go back to shop ... i did notice , they have their clothes racked by size ! ! awesome , tired of going places where the xs are mixed in with the xl , etc . so it seems that shopping will be a breeze ! helpful friendly staff & organized store ... .great ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean , organized , friendly staff . i was pretty disappointed with the cash or store credit i was offered . they have a good selection for baby clothes but i would n't buy anything from the woman 's section . i feel like i was shopping at a goodwill .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "twice as nice really means twice as nice . everyone else because you get whenever you go to a thrift store besides almost brand-new clothing that are namebrand at 75 % off the most . if you asked me that 's pretty good . when i go to thrift stores i try not to look at that low in quality items for the cheaper price and places like this help me do just that . thank you twice is nice people like myself really appreciate your intuitive business", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this thrift shop is organized well and clean . great selections and a really big `` mommy to be '' section . tons of kids clothes too . a little on the pricier side but , decent quality items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i checked this store out today . this place has a lot of clothes unfortunately there is only a very very small men 's section . so , if you 're a dude looking to thrift shop for clothes , this is n't the spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place ! good selection & clothes have been washed which is nice so the place does n't smell ; ) staff was really friendly & helpful too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely nothing bad to say ... except for the fact that i wish they delivered ... ... ... and wish that i could install their machines in my kitchen ... . there are so many always-changing flavors here , so there 's always something for everyone . i love the self-serve aspect . i like all the options there are for toppings ranging from chocolates , to gummy bears , to sprinkles , cereals , fruit , syrups , etc etc etc . man do i feel like some yeh right now ... ... ... ... . the prices are reasonable ( slightly high ... ) , and i love that most of their yogurts are fat free ( yes yes , they 're loaded with sugar i know ) ... which brings my to my only `` con '' ... sugar and fat free yogurt does n't exist here.. am i asking for too much ? hehe.. but really , go for some yeh if you have n't already . you wo n't be disappointed ! ps ... .there 's more than yogurt here ... cookies , crepes , etc ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute little froyo place on the corner of rue saint catherine and rue saint-laurent - conveniently located for those walking along rue saint catherine . there 's always one man working there , which i 'm assuming is the owner . he 's always really nice and helpful . the place itself is not big . it has a few tables for those who want to eat inside . in terms of flavours , i was disappointed because they only had two non-dairy , sorbet flavours ( one of which was n't that great ) . they have more options for those who eat dairy . there are quite a few topping options , although i usually refrain because everything adds up quickly at froyo places . the prices are pretty expensive . i only got sorbet ( without toppings ) and it was almost $ 7.00 , and i did n't even get that much . all in all , it 's a good place to go if you 're just walking around and want a refreshing snack !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place is very crowded at night , at all seasons ! i believe they vary the flavours on a weekly or biweekly basis , every time i came here they always have something that surprises me . i like the idea of registering your cellphone for upcoming promotions , but it did n't last long , i wish they could make something better for their customer loyalty program . the yogurts are great , you can taste them in a small plastic cup before buying them . i really do n't go for any sweets on top of my yogurt , because they 're already pretty sweet for me . my only complaint is that the place is very messy , and the tables are all sticky with dried yogurt and all sorts of syrups . probably should hire someone to clean them . always a go-to place for late night desserts .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food : self-serve froyo ! so good ! they offer many flavors and change them quite often . you can also choose waffle cookie ( never tried , dunno the taste~ ) or add different toppings at the end~ service : self-serve stations , however the handles can have their little temperaments at times . the cashiers are most often young students , often disorganized when it comes to payment i mus say . price : pay by weight , but beware the big bowls can lead to over-consumption hihi~ ( they had smaller bowls before but removed now for some reasons ... = = '' ambiance : there are seats indoor ( ye ! ) , the ambiance is nice but the chairs are those cheap plastic chair and no staff to clean the tables ... ( if you offer a indoor seating , then maintain it , otherwise do n't ... )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . who does n't want a frozen yogurt piled with toppings of their choice for breakfast , lunch , or dinner ? great rotating flavours if you are adventurous -- but if not , you can stick to the standards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is better than the one on st. laurent as it is larger and has more flavors . the flavors are usually good and the toppings are abundant , although it can add up in price if you want to have a decent portion", "score": "4"}
{"review": "j'adore les yogurts glac\u00e9s , et ils ont toujours un excellent choix \u00e0 ce yelp ! possibilit\u00e9 de go\u00fbter plusieurs saveurs aussi avant de se servir . miammm ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "self serve frozen yogurt ? what a fantastic idea ! want a treat and want do it completely by yourself ? this is the place to go . you can choose your flavor of yogurt ( or choose several of them if you want ) , take the amount you want ( you pay by weight - not selection ) then proceed to choose the toppings you wish to garnish it with ( there were about 40-50 of them ) , pay for it then ravage that delicious treat ! be careful though , it can get a little expensive but what an innovative fun way to making your frozen yogurt treat the way you want it . i went with half chocolate half coconut yogurt with brownies and coconut shavings . the chocolate side was amazing , the coconut was too sweet for my taste . all in all very good . will try again . they also serve crepes , it was ... duly noted for my next visit . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love their assortment of flavours that are constantly being changed up by season or month . i recently tried their raspberry & lemonade frozen yogurt , which was phenomenal . other times , i 've enjoyed their litchi , original , and blood orange . i prefer the more tangy-fruity flavours , as opposed to the dense flavours such as cookies & cream , peanut butter , etc . on a few rare occasions , i 've found the froyo to be a little runny , but on most occasions i 've been totally pleased . there are also numerous toppings to choose from , i stick to the healthy stuff like fresh fruits , nuts , seeds , and oats . otherwise , you can choose from chocolate , syrups , biscuits , and rich toppings of that sort . however , it all adds up since prices are based on weight , so do n't get too excited and go overboard . the cups are large and super easy to fill with all the choices available to you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very tasty frozen yogurt . convenient location and the flavors change every couple of weeks but staples such as plain , chocolate , and a couple other flavors stay . toppings are good and varied .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yeh ! un concept self-service assez sympa et simple ! tu arrives , tu testes les diff\u00e9rentes saveurs de yogourt glac\u00e9 , puis prends et mixes ce qu'il te plait ! apr\u00e8s , on passe aux garnitures , l\u00e0 y a l'embarras du choix , \u00e7a passe des p\u00e9pites de chocolat , aux morceaux de biscuit , bonbons , fruits s\u00e9ch\u00e9s ou encore coulis caramel , chocolat , fraise pour combler le tout ! attention , le prix est au poids donc vaut mieux y aller mollo avec les garnitures car sinon \u00e7a monte assez vite , toutefois les prix restent abordables , personnellement je m ' en sort avec 4 ou 5 $ max . apr\u00e8s te voil\u00e0 parti avec ton joli pot rose flashy , que tu savoures tranquillement en te baladant lors d'une belle journ\u00e9e ensoleill\u00e9 ! petit plus , le yogourt est un peu moins gras que la cr\u00e8me glac\u00e9e , histoire de ne pas trop culpabiliser apr\u00e8s ce petit plaisir glac\u00e9 !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great spot for frozen yogurt . unlike tcby and yogen fruz this stuff actually tastes like yogurt . according to the employee their ingredients are fresh including the yogurt ( no powders or additives ) and in most cases the flavorings are as natural as they come , eg . fresh strawberries or mango , even real cake batter . in case you are overwhelmed with the choices in flavors i recommend original with white chocolate chips and strawberries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved this place ! can we have one of these in nyc please ? someone please , please , open one of these in nyc ! maybe it 's the little girl in me but , i loved making my own sundae ! self serving the yogurt and then the toppings until i had some kind of cotton candy vanilla pineapple , chocolate , strawberry monstrosity to gleefully walk back down rue st catherine with . yogurt , toppings , fresh fruit - everything was tasty . sundaes prices by weight though soooooo reign in your decadence accordingly if money is a concern .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i treat myself to yeh ! , i 'm always satisfied . they have great flavours and toppings . as a vegan , having two sorbet options really pulls me back in for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 2.64 + tax per 100 grams of frozen yogurt ! ! ! really expensive for what you get ! of the 10 despensing machines 2 or 3 out of order ! strawberry frozen yogurt tastes like rotten strawberries ! wo n't becoming back ! 2 stars for staff being nice !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "self serve frozen yogurt should take over the world . they swap out their machine flavours and have 1000s of possible combinations with their toppings . they even have cookies and crepes now . perfect place for a first date or catching up with a friend , but watch the weight of your serving or you might get a nasty surprise .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yeh is meh . the concept may be interesting , but i feel as though the flavors are not all that great , the toppings are fine , but the final price is what gets me every time ! ! ! it 's very easy to get a combination that will cost you almost 10 dollars ( and that 's with a small amount of yogurt and some fruit ! ! ! ) decor is cute , staff is ok on occasion ... not the best place to cool down in the hot montreal sun ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's light dessert , and does the trick for a quick sweet-fix . the setting is cute and nice . if you 're worried about the price ( it may be more expensive than you initially intended ) look on groupon ! they just had a $ 10 credit to yeh for $ 5 ! i recommend the pumpkin cheesecake flavour ! the equivalent in vancouver is menchies .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there 's a decent selection of flavors here . the froyo is n't that flavorful because there 's more of the yogurt taste to it , which can be good or bad depending how you prefer them . the froyo is fairly inexpensive . i also got a strawberry chocolate crepe , which they make with nutella . i thought it was okay but at that point i was pretty full . i thought it tasted okay , i had higher expectations but then again it was my first time eating one . i would drop by if i were ever craving for froyo .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good selection of flavored and even wider selection of toppings . lots to choose from so pick wisely .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the new layout of the club makes it a lot more roomier , but there is still a horrible cigarette smell that makes it difficult to breathe inside . i feel as though the selection of arcade games has drastically decreased as well , but still an enjoyable experience . i would definitely recommend not drink there though . my friend ordered a mixed drink from the bar and it tasted like water . after requesting a new one from the bartender she threw an attitude and made the drink the same exact way . very disappointed with the service at the bar . do n't waste your money there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the first place i 've ever visited in vegas that is n't on the strip - and if was so different ! i 'm used to girls in their vegas attire , bouncers that act like they own the place , guys being guido , but this is a totally different side of vegas that clearly had mostly locals . the club was exciting - we got a table at one of the video game tables and it was so fun ! ! we played video games while drinking all night . from a price perspective , while it was cheaper than some places on the strip , it still was n't cheap . not too bad though . the waitress , other servers , and the dj were great . it was just a really different fun bar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i first heard there was a retro arcade in a bar , i was totally down . sadly , that joy was gone way too fast . the adventure started at the bar , where i was served an average drink in a plastic cup . after finishing the my drink , i decided to play a few games . so , i found the neared change machine to get the gaming started . sadly , all the games are at least 50 cents , and half of the games i tried to play , just took my money . when i asked the bar tender how to get my money back , he simply said , `` we 're working on it and do n't play that game anymore . '' thanks buddy . after that , we finished our drinks and headed to the next spot . on a side note . if you want table service , you get a ps3 xbox to play the whole night . at least you 'll get to play a game . but the display is mirrored , so everyone in the bar can watch you play too .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the bouncer let a woman in knowing she had a fake id , but would n't let myself in because my id was stamped for an address change . it still showed that i was clearly 26 years old ! ! not coming back and will definitely not advise people to try it !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is so . freakin . cool . it 's just off the fremont street experience in downtown las vegas , and the place to be as a local . they have all the arcade games you played as a kid ( or at least i did ) . i loved the simpsons and tmnt games ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for the retro games . the atmosphere was horrible ! ! ! ! i came on a sunday afternoon ; huge mistake ! ! ! it was pretty much a loud sports bar for football that just happened to have a large collection of retro games . all the jocks that i tried to avoid as a kid ( by going to the arcade ) were there cheering on their favorite football team . as for the games there , they are all 50 cents each ! ! mr do ! and ms pacman have speed chips so fast , they are near impossible to play . furthermore , half of the classic games were broken at the time . missile command , dig dug , centipede , gauntlet , even the simpsons , and many many more ; all broken ! ! ! i was told the tech for the games comes in on monday , wednesday and thursday . i would recommend coming those evenings for a better chance of the games actually working .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm totally biased because i met my boyfriend here , so it 's officially one of my favorite places . the dj plays hip hop and r & b , old school and new . they recently took out some of the tables and the bulky booths to make the dance floor bigger ( kudos ... it gets super hot ) . the drink prices ate good and the bar staff is always down to go a shot with patrons . on our last visit , we met michael ( manager , owner ? ) awesome guy running an awesome downtown spot . oh ... did i mention they have a kitchen in the back cooking up munchies perfect for soaking up the liquor ? thanks for the pizza michael ... see u next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and one of my bff 's decided to go bar hopping , so we started at the beauty bar and were n't digging the scene too much so we decided to check out insert coins for the first time . we did n't end up leaving this place till 3am , we played most of our favorite arcade games from our childhood while drinking cocktails , then danced a bit to some great jamz ... . where else can you do this ! ! ! lol we had a soooo much fun ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to insert coins for the first time last saturday and it was an overall fun experience . i 'm not much of a gamer , but all of the old 80 's arcade games were a kick to see . they also had a dj and and dancefloor and the drinks were reasonably priced . the place was packed and i think it 's a nice addition to the fremont street bar scene .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "didnt like the fact they charge freakin cover if you are going to spend $ on games and drinks already ... at least let local ladies in wtf we make the guys spend on us . just saying . it kinda smells like pee . it was late at night so maybe thats why . on the other side the old school games are awesome !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "level 2 start ok , came out here for patti 's birthday , and oh my god . my little secret has turned into the hottest spot downtown . this is great ... . until i want to get in ! we have a table reserved , but i have to go wait in an ungodly line that at its best was 20 minutes and at its worst went down to the fremont st . experience . also with it getting so busy and crazy , the hosts and staff are getting a little cranky . if you 're going , plan your night around this ! otherwise you 'll be thrown in with the masses . also , before when i went , the djs vjs played a mix of house and hip hop . either that 's changed or it was a special night , because after two hours of house , you longed for something -- anything -- with a lyric or two . however , the overall kickassedness of the place helps continue its four-star rating . game over . continue ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "homies dig it when i bring em . service is on point . but insert coins is much more than just about the video games . the owners have had the urban dance and hip hop community 's back since day 1 . i had the chance to watch a intimate and entertaining dance competition there the other day and chop it up rub elbows with some of the worlds best dancers who were simply watching having a good time . who am i kidding , where else are you gon na find a spot like this of caliber the in the country ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although i like the concept of the place , it was seriously lacking in customer service . in addition , the bartenders do n't even know enough to tell you what different types of beer they have . i do n't care what your selling , you should at least have some knowledge about your product .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the parking in this lot for this place ! $ 20.00 i will never pay $ 20.00 for parking . go across the street , neonopolis ! we paid $ 2.00 ! at the $ 20.00 parking they said they watch your cars ! really ! so anyway ! insert coins ! i loved the music . but i 'm not into video games . i was here for my friends b-day party . that 's all i was interested in . i guess this place is pretty popular ! but i have no reason to come back !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "insert coins- first bar , club , and lounge in las vegas for gamers ! the laid out and theme of the club is pretty awesome , something thats never been done before . so high-five to that ! i wish they had another bar rather then just that one in the middle because certain nights can get busy . the graffiti art on the walls well done . there old schools arcades wrap around the whole left side containing classic games like galaga , super street fighter 2 , pac- man and many more . i been to this club four times now and wanted to make a compliment to jamie and jensen they were very considerate and had great customer service . two thumbs up for gamers !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is what i consider an adult version of chuck e cheese . a `` bar-cade '' if you will . right when we stepped thru the door , my husband asked me for quarters and ran to his favorite game to place a quarter on the cosole to reserve the next game . everywhere we looked , we were taken back to the day when arcades were actually relevant , and home gaming consoles were rare and out of reach . against the wall near the entrance sat 4 comfy leather booths each with it 's own entertainment centers and a flat panel tv . bottle service available for each booth . the music was perfect . hip hop , video games and alcohol was a good time had by everyone in our group . just add food and iphone chargers and it 'll be just as if i was at home . great place off the strip if you feel like being casual , save yourself $ 20+ just for cover at an exclusive packed club , and to add a stop on the `` bar crawl '' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good concept ! i came in and order two drinks with $ 100 bill , they took 10 min to go find change . good games , little pricey drinks . love the concept", "score": "3"}
{"review": "$ 5 for locals and $ 10 for non locals . bar with games that are old and new . it was fun playing the older games but not a place i could drink and play all night . still had fun !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for a downtown bar , i really enjoyed the ambiance . a must-visit place for someone who appreciates arcade games . i 'm not sure if it was just the night i was there but it seemed like a lot of the games were broken or not working . like the other yelpers stated , theres a $ 5 cover after 10pm , boy or girl . the bartenders are super friendly and the prices for drinks are reasonable but slightly above other downtown bar prices . i heard that bottles can cost as little as $ 100 so it could be a nice place to host a special occasion if the time is right !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "go when it 's not busy . this is my only advise . of course it 's fun and the setup is rad , but if there are more than 80 people in the place , you will wait forever to get a drink and may not get to play your fav game . and it 's no one 's fault , it 's just not possible to balance crowds here . also , they play better music at a reasonable volume ( you see me getting old , right here ? ? ) when the place is empty . it is a little more expensive than a regular bar , but you are paying for the experience in a little at a time with every drink . totally worth it . the open area with high top tables is a great setting for a group of 7 like we had . excellent time ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . best time i 've had in las vegas by far . nev was a blast . i would recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first night back in las vegas and we hear of a free open bar . you know i was there . great location , right on fremont st in downtown las vegas . the decor is amazing . arcade machines , video games , tvs above the bar for video game playing , lounge couches , live dj , and excellent bar service . you ca n't go wrong here . the bar and their bathroom is kept relatively clean . i would definitely be back on my next trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is really fun and apparently , the new spot to hang out . it has a lot going on -- there 's large screen tvs that people can sit and play video games on , the old school arcade games , a dance floor with a dj spinning and a very large rectangular bar at the center of it all . i like that you can just chill and have a drink or actually dance without having to pay an outrageous cover or line . when i went on a saturday night , the dj spun an eclectic spectrum of music , ranging from the newest hip-hop to even some metallica . the bar is not as impressive ; it was always busy and hard to flag down a bartender . the drinks were fine but nothing special . overall , it was a really fun place to hang out , have fun , and dance -- and without having to take your stilettos or t-shirt with wing rhinestones too seriously .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "insert coins is like a hip nightclub for geeks where you can book ( very affordable ) bottle service to reserve a couch and a classic gaming console . or just wander around the bar club , but instead of dealing with sweaty hordes of dancing bros and sorority girls , you can play standup arcade games . and if you do want to dance , they 've got awesome djs spinning geek-friendly tunes ( yes , that means plenty of daft punk on the playlist ) . it 's the new geek-mecca of vegas and another example of why dowtown is slowly becoming the coolest and most unique part of sin city .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst place ever i will never come back here bottles are expensive and the music is shittty ! ! u will get ripped off ... i never been to a place where women pay for a cover charge and they play all kinds of weird fucking music . whatever tho will never go back there again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my favorite bar in vegas ! the staff is awesome , atomosphere is always fun and the owners take care of locals . best place to hang out ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how has no one thought of this before ? ! ! simple layout . cool 80s arcade games on one end and then the rest plasma screens for playing ps3 and xbox games while downing drinks . genius .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fun change from the normal bar scene , cool atmosphere & nice enough bartenders . one major gripe for me though , insert coins sponsors the rebels & we were told at the game to take our ticket stubs to the bar for a free drink , awesome right ? not so much , two in our group were wearing rebels jerseys and not allowed in because of it ! ! what the ? ! your name is on the friggin rebels court but we ca n't wear rebels jerseys there , please . someone has to rethink that policy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "where else can you get a drink and play mortal kombat ? this place is awesome and totally what downtown and east fremont is about . as a local , i am officially a fan and will come here often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love , love , love this bar ! so many awesome games . the fact i can play xbox sitting at a bar , is probably my dream come true . the drinks are kind of pricey . the bottle service tables are bad ass . you get 2 tv 's and 2 consoles of your choice . it 's only $ 150 for a bottle , not that bad of a deal . the only reason i give this place 4 out of 5 , is because now they have a $ 5 cover .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place would be better if there was one dj who was n't playing crap music .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "holy mother of drunken mario kart 64 playing ! this place is amazing ! jason , our bartender , was funny , great to chat with , and bought us a couple shots while we played n64 ( yes , i know they have way newer consoles , but i only know how to play n64 ) . the drinks were a little pricey , but not watered down in anyway . we got pretty darned toasty in this bar . we mainly had white russians and pucker vodka shots , but jason , good man that he is , split a shot for us of three olives loopy , which tasted exactly like fruit loops . they have these cool booths to sit in while you play your games . it is pretty trendy inside , and i was intimidated because i am a dive bar kind of girl . but everyone in there was so friendly and sweet , and made me feel right at home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheap drinks ( 2 drinks for $ 14 in vegas ? ? ! ! ) , 90 's music , and old school video games . what more can you ask for ? ! loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely love the concept . if they do n't have a happy hour they should . and bottle service that 's reasonable . only issue is having a video game you never played playing it while getting your buzz on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "insert coins is iconic with the locals ... love to get bottle service here and play games ! great to take a date too if they 've never been to the old vegas . street fighter ? lets go ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly was not impressed by this place at all . felt it was kind of sad . $ 5 to get in and i honestly wanted to get out right after . we all decided to come here because we 're big fans of eighty two in little tokyo , but this place did not have as many cool ga and some of them seem a bit run down . ehhhhhhh ... . next .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is pretty cool . i stumbled upon it when i walked further down the fremont experience . it had a mortal kombat i think ad marvel vs capcom . i played it to the end with my beer . it was fun . i guess they do like a arcade club bar type deal . like a old school dave and busters . i enjoyed it . but it is not for everybody .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i lived around here , i think this is one bar i 'd actually frequent and would n't mind doing it by myself either . the concept is awesome , instead of boring sports lining the walls and above the bar , video games of various systems and games are available to play while you drink just by picking up the controller . did i mention they also live up to their name with a bunch of old school video game machines ? ! awesome place and luckily they even provide an awesome selection of craft brews . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only been in here once and had a blast . ended up going for a friends birthday . he had a table and some games set up which i though was so awesome . our groups kind of thing . we played games most of the night then they had a dj and we started dancing and just watching some people breakdancing . only fail was when some guy almost started peeing under a table , he was super drunk .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i found this place by accident with a friend and did not want to go in because i knew he would n't want to leave ! i 'm not a fan of video games , but i 'll admit i 've never seen anything like it . it 's probably the one place that exists where video game nerds can get drinks , look cool , dance , and possibly get laid . i think it should definitely be a spot to check out for a bachelor party . the drinks are pretty strong and definitely reasonably priced ! i 'm surprised there is n't one in california .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by here during my bachelor party and i really wanted to like this place , being a gamer , but the combination of broken machines with faulty controls and the sheer loudness of the music make for a pretty annoying combination . the dance floor was half empty so , wtf ? maybe we 're just getting old . anyway , to save money for the more `` adult '' entertainment later that evening , we decided to opt out of the vip area which left us with a pretty limited row of machines left to play . the service was fine on this visit but we just were n't into the scene as much as we 'd hoped . left after about an hour or so . we honestly had more fun at the pinball hall of fame . or even at gameworks in the past . if you want to enjoy yourself here , you may have to expect to pay more for the vip area and order a bunch of overpriced drinks for the novelty of it all . lower your expectations and you may have fun here . : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "insert coin is a really good arcade . it has great games like simpsons , x-men , street fighter 2 , mvc2 , killer instinct , mortal kombat 3 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "insert coins is an absolute gem in the downtown lv area . after having just left a hipstered out bar with overpriced , lackluster drinks , we decided to try out insert coins . great drinks , cool laid back atmosphere , and tons of games to choose from . not being a gamer myself , i still loved this place ; we made a trip back the following day as well . the bartender made our stops in even better - jaisen smith was serving up drinks for both of our visits to insert coins , and he completed the experience . incredibly friendly guy , awesome drinks , and seriously knew his shit when it came to the games . loved him , loved this bar . it will definitely be one of my first ( and frequent ) stops next time i 'm in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ic ( s ) is the tits & i can appreciate the hard work that went into the place . everyone i 've encountered there are were hella cool & the atmosphere is dark and warehouse'isk - i dig it . im a casual gamer & i get down to unwind and chill after a long day , usually accompanied by a drink or two . insert coin ( s ) allows me to do just that . the drink prices are about average if not cheaper for a spot off the strip fremont . drinks could always be cheaper , but i say its definitely worth it ( delicious `` stiff '' drinks ) . shout out to jaisen - ya make a mean gin & tonic , keep 'em coming !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am not into video games , but i love the vibe in the place . they have everything - even atari ! drinks are reasonable and there 's a mixed crowd . i went on a friday night , and they were playing house music . not really my thing , but when you 're drunk it really does n't matter . i 'll definitely be back.. fun !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "almost a year later and this is still a great place to come to ! the djs are always mixing great beats and there 's not so many creepy dudes around ! i would n't really know how drink prices are cuz i never pay for my own ; ) and tho i 'm no frequent gamer , i enjoy the tvs to play any game on , the arcade games and mortal kombat 3 ! i 'm ready to go again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome concept , but seems like it has a lost identity . the original ground kontrol in portland has this niche bar on lock . they actually had cheap beer , tons of awesome games from the 80s and 90s and pinball out the ass . i do n't expect you to hit it out of the park on the first at bat , but come on the profit margin must be good enough to lower some of those prices . $ 5 wells , nothing on tap , expensive mixed drinks , and half of the games were broken . the other half were games that nobody really wants to play . redeeming qualities : booths ( except for the price ) , lots of flat screens , lots of consoles , awesome dj ( even if none of the gamers are dancers ) . just wished it were a little more foot clan underground .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr . gay removed all 4 of my wisdom teeth and he was amazing . going through this procedure can be a bit nerve-racking especially when it comes trusting you 've chosen the best oral surgeon , but he explained everything in detail and answered any questions i had . the procedure was was about 20 min half hour and then i had a follow up appointment about a week later and everything had healed great with zero complications ! the office gives you brochures and all the information you need on how to take care of the wounds at home , and i had phoned in a few questions that came up afterwards and the front desk was always very friendly and helpful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. john gay is a wonderful sergeant . he knew i was in a lot of pain and took me in immediately . i had all 4 of my wisdom teeth taken out by him ( 2 visits ) and referred a few of my closest friends and anyone who complained about wisdom teeth . my roommate went to see him last year and he did an outstanding job . he makes you feel very comfortable going in and painless with a nice high when you leave ( i 'm a wimp and asked for the heavy stuff to be put to sleep ) . his receptionist was very pleasant and understood my annoyance with other medical offices i called before i stumbled upon this practice ; she also called me the same night to check how i was doing . highly recommended to anyone on a budget and in serious need of a great specialist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone accepts that specialists are generally rude , but this guy tops the charts . he kept insisting that the pain and clicking noises in my daughter 's jaw following an injury was 'normal ' , that i ready to go for a second opinion when i hardly had time for a first one , and that he was n't a tmj specialist after our 2-second appointment which i put on her info sheet and explained the reason for being there at the onset . `` go back and ask your dentist why he sent you here , i do n't know . '' fantastic bed-side manners-be sure not to make disapproving faces while he 's intimidating your child- but i ca n't comment on his expertise beyond that . i hope it 's worth his attitude . my daughter still has pain but is now afraid to see another doctor about it . thanks , dr . gay .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no complaints , simple , easy , fast . he explained everything clearly , told me there could be complications ( but i ended up with none ) . very friendly & knowledgeable : ) would def go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was pleasantly surprised by how great the food is here . i was just passing through and decided to stop . when i went in , it was n't busy ; it was n't fancy , and the prices were reasonable so i was n't expecting too much . however , the food was the best breakfast i have ever had . it 's even better than my own cooking . the eggs were fluffy and actually had flavor . i did n't need to add salt or pepper to them which has to be a first for restaurant food . the french toast was light but filling and the bacon perfectly cooked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was n't anything special , it was just ok . the wait staff was incredibly friendly . went there just before the lunch rush . the bathrooms are a little worn .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food , friendly staff , quick service . classic diner fare , but that 's what we were looking for ... comfort food while traveling . the decor and table seats were worn and dated , but the food made up for it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the wait staff was very friendly . the food was just okay , needed some spice , it was bland and my salad had some small wilted pieces of lettuce in it . there is really no theme as far as the decor goes , they have a big dear head hanging behind the cash register that i think is creepy . the place is filthy ! it has not been cleaned for a long time . they have coffee splatters on many of the window blinds and there were dead bugs laying in the window seals , the floor had not been vacuumed are mopped and the wait staff was just standing around . the blinds were so dusty they were fuzzy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for a homemade meal this is the bomb . breakfast is a speciality all day long . the veg soup is great just like grandmother made . service is friendly and you need to ask for michelle . great attitude and great service . if you like liver & onions gota try it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a classic in the mid-west . good food , great service with a happy staff . mom and pop 's diner with wholesome american food that is freshly made to order . never ending drink refills and hearty portions . restrooms need renovation and the weeds need to be pulled out front , but the dining room and serving prep areas are clean . we 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent food homemade and friendly service . probably would n't be rushing back , but if it 's open you 'll get some home-cooked food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i grew up down the street from this place . my ma always forbid me going here because people smoked in it ( like in the old days ! ) . but one day , i rebelled and i went there . it was the real deal . i live in los angeles now , the city that claims to be a sort of mecca of diners . but what makes a diner a diner is grit and honesty . and good food , of course . none of these fluffy , contrived diners in hollywood know anything about that . i love the richfield family diner . it 's the real deal . if you 're rolling through and have any sense of romance , you got ta check this place out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great neighborhood gym with a wide variety of machines and options for working out . all cardio machines have their own tvs , you can hook up your phone to the machine or to wifi , and they have their own music playing in the background . it is a family owned business and you can tell they take a lot of pride in their establishment . everyone is extremely friendly , and the personal trainers are excellent . it never seem too crowded , and there is more than enough room for everyone to get in their workout no matter what time of day . they also really are open 24-7 , which is extremely convenient ! this is a great gym and i highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this gym . very convenient location . great hours . with the gym being open 24 hours it 's easy to find a time to fit a workout in . i 've been here around 530pm during the week and it 's never crowded . where most gyms are packed at this time , corefit is perfect . highly recommend this place for someone who knows their way around a gym , or someone just getting into working out . they also offer personal training and free wifi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moved and already miss this gym . no nonsense place and the managers were super friendly . majority of people that workout there know what they are doing and are mutually respective of others .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is hands down one of the best gym 's in the area . it has everything you could want from free weights , hammer strength machines , and circuit machines . the cardio equipment is clean , always up and running , and almost all have tv 's . the members range from all ages and gender . this makes for a great crowd . the staff is very friendly and also helps with all the training . one of the best qualities of this gym is that manager matt is on a first name basis with all of the members . this place is the cheers of gyms ! i highly recommend this gym .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very happy with this gym . i have been a member at multiple gyms in the area and have now found one that i really like . the gym is clean and well maintained . i have gone at all different times and have not had any issues with availability . to top it all off , the staff is friendly and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. taylor did an amazing job . after just a few treatments , i was back on my feet with full mobility . he was always careful that i was comfortable in each of my adjustments . i strongly recommend him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly fantastic group of doctors . incredibly caring providers who want to get you back to great health and strive to keep you in great health .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing staff ! these guys are as good as it gets ! dr. peterson and his staff are sensitive to my aches and pains that seem to change everyday . every once in a wail i confuse my appointment times , dr. peterson and his staff are quick to make arrangements and squeeze me in . i look forward to my visits and feel like i am in good hands !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. scott taylor is a fantastic chiropractor who truly cares about his patients ! the on-site massages are a terrific idea that give a complete treatment to those ( like me ) whose bodies can get really out of whack . thanks shc , so glad i found you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay salon . beautiful decor props for using animal friendly products ( which is what brought me in the first place ) . i had a hair cut maybe a month ago . it was mediocre . nothing special . i was charged 10 $ more than the card had noted and i had a minimal trim . i could n't figure out why the extra charge ( it was nearly a 50 $ haircut before the tip ) then i went in for a consultation and was prompted with a 50 $ fee ! they advertise free consultations . the 50 $ would be credited toward the services but i still feel that 's too steep of a charge , especially if you desire you do n't agree with the stylist . overall this place is overpriced but they have a great decorator !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tease hair and body salon is the bomb ! located in downtown lakewood with ample parking in the municipal lot just a short stroll away , the staff is professional , friendly and welcoming . there are always snacks , coffee , tea , and water . the decor is eclectic and comfortable with antique dressers and overstuffed chairs . they offer a range of services from hair cuts and color to mani-pedi , facials and massages . michelle is great and always cuts my hair to make it look it 's possible best ! she is receptive to all my thoughts and never fails to suggest the right ideas to make the look work with my hair type ! she 's also the best colorist i 've ever met ! all and all a wonderful place to help you pull your look together and relax for a bit in this busy world !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just love this place so much . carolina is the best stylist ever . she cuts curly hair amazing and when it comes to coloring you will not find anyone like her . her colouring skills are out of this world . showed her a pinterest pic and she did an amazing job in matching the color . so happy that i found this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't usually post yelp reviews , but i had such a positive experience that i felt the need to ! i moved to cleveland from chicago almost a year ago , & i was a bit nervous about getting my hair done here because i had been seeing the same stylist for the last 10 years & it 's difficult to put that same trust in a new stylist . i made an appointment at tease per recommendations from various people , & i could n't have made a better choice ! jessica did an amazing job ! she worked off the picture i showed her , but also put her own personal spin on the color & cut . i left feeling happy & pretty ! overall , it was awesome ! i also love that they 're open on mondays , it 's great for service industry people . thanks jessica , you 're a rock st", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed my first experience at tease . the salon itself has a shabby chic boudoir feel to it which i absolutely adored . i made an appointment with drea who was warm and inviting from the get go . she really made me feel comfortable and i loved the products she used in my hair ( my hair smelled amazing ) . i believe it was bumble & bumble . most importantly , she was a great listener . i showed her a couple of pictures of what i wanted ( i was really feeling the heavy bang w long hair look ) and she nailed it ! i 've received so many compliments on my hair since and i am beyond pleased . if you are looking for a new stylist , look no further . it 's drea and she 's at tease", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a client of michelle 's for several years , and i absolutely love the way that she can read my mind and my not as concise descriptions of what 's in my head . she always colors and cuts my hair perfectly , no matter how boring or edgy i want to go ! i have recommended michelle to many of my friends who are now loyal clients of hers as well . the salon itself is very sharp , modern , and a great location . i highly recommend michelle for all your cut , color , or mind-reading needs : ) ~ vanessa f .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , i 've been coming here since january when kalynne had popped into bonbon to tell me she worked with other purple headed beauties . most people told me to go to crazy mullets , i assume bc i have purple hair & tattoos , & when i came to tease , i was n't sure how i would like it as it looked like a place where french manicured , blond haired , chanel wearing bettie 's came . i was wrong ! kalynne got my hair color perfect the first time & has n't faltered since ! everyone 's always so nice , even when i 'm late due to horrible traffic on detroit . i 'm a loyal & constant customer of this place ! ! plus , they have a kuerig ( sp ? ) & thin mints . good golly ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's all about emily . tease is a lovely space , but what it really has going for it is emily b , who is possibly the most gifted and charming hair-cutter i have ever had . she 's warm and personable and funny , she gives a beautiful , perfect haircut every time , she 's adventurous if you want her to be and plays it safe if you 'd rather , and her rates are extremely reasonable . note to short-haired women who do n't want to look like a soccer mom or middle-aged schoolteacher ( i 'm talking to you , queers and or hipsters ) : emily is your person . she consistently gave my tomboy partner great cuts that were youthful , cool , and good-looking . and she also did a bang-up job on my femme head . we no longer live in ohio and we literally sometimes speculate about if we should try to fly her out to our new hometown to cut all our friends ' and our hair . she 's that good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been getting my hair cut , colored and styled by michelle for more than a year now after my old hairstylist ( from a different salon ) stopped showing up for for work . michelle always understands what i want done ( even if i am undecided ! ) and offers suggestions for how to style my hair in different ways . she is confident in her craft and i can go in there looking like a slob and leave feeling like a movie star ! she recommends products for me to use and is never ever pushy . the salon itself is beautiful . unique furniture and decor make this salon hip and professional , yet always welcoming . the prices are very competitive for a busy city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "long story short , got talked into a cut i did n't want and made appointment to get what i really wanted . arrived and was told it was cancelled and they had tried to contact me and left message . they had the correct number and i never received anything on my voicemail . they told me they could n't do anything and no one was available even though they screwed up . three days later they called to confirm my appointment an appointment i did n't have and two weeks later they did it again . i will never go back for a cut i could have gotten at great clips but paid an arm and a leg for ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my sister in law recommended michelle to me and i could n't be happier with her ! she always listens and does a wonderful hair cut and color ! the salon is so pretty with vintage dressers as the stations and has a very shabby chic look . i drive all the way from berea and it 's worth it ! the only drawback is they do n't except credit cards so remember your check book or bring cash .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went twice . i wo n't be going back . i was with emily ( there are two , i forget the last name initial of the one i had ) . first time was decent , a little overpriced for a partial highlight . the second time i went for a root touchup and a cut and the color was completely out within two weeks . could n't even tell i had it done . the upside is that the interior decorating is amazing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was my first real `` salon '' experience and i 'll definitely be back . emily ann was very friendly and professional and really took the time to make sure i got a cut that i liked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a little low maintenance when it comes to haircuts . i do n't do anything drastic , no colors , nothing crazy . so while i ca n't speak to the talent and extent of tease 's services , this place has become my favorite salon in cleveland . the atmosphere is very hip , with old dressers instead of tables for stylists to store their tools . my stylist jessica was very friendly and helpful , offering suggestions and showing me little tricks while she worked on my hair . the salon was n't terribly busy , and was generally relaxing . price-wise , it 's similar to your average boutique salon . definitely try this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here since they opened . i love the decor and they are fair prices . emily is my stylist and she is wonderful ! i highly suggest this salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll miss drea ! ! i just moved to lakewood and she was the first stylist i found . the cut was incredible and left my hair feeling light and healthy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually do n't post reviews but i feel compelled to this time . i went to tease as a first time customer and i was really nervous because i was getting alot of hair cut off and changing my hairstyle drastically and also because i did n't request a stylist and i know that sometimes when you do n't request someone they just give you to whoever is new there to try and build clientele . i had makenzie ( hope i 'm spelling it right ) and she did such a great job . i absolutely love love love it ! i will definitely be going back and this time i will request makenzie . i would recommend her to anyone else too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mackenzie did a great job highlighting and lifting the awful black hair dye out of my hair ! she did a great job styling too . i have thick difficult hair to work with and she really took her time to make sure i was happy with it . i could tell she had a busy day but i didnt feel like i was being rushed out of there at all . great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go see jenny ! she is awesome ! i had my hair cut spontaneously at this salon and jenny cut and layered my long hair and made it look beautiful ! i have n't had my hair cut and styled so well in years ... great work of a true artist ! ! ! highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to second the first reviewer 's sentiments . there is a reason this restaurant is consistently empty on a saturday night ... while every other eatery at nyny is packed . the food in most of our dishes was overly salty , and took forever to be served . the hokey `` american '' theme is almost too overbearing to be taken seriously . the staff is very nice and tries hard , but the food was utterly forgettable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "overpriced and mediocre at best . do n't waist one of your vegas meals at this place . subpar at best .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "eat here if and only if you do n't mind waiting 40 mins for a mediocre sandwich ! would be a 0 or negative if possible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a great experience for breakfast here . yes , there was a wait , but that seems standard for breakfast in vegas . told the waitress we were trying to get in & out in 40 min to catch our flight and it was n't a problem , even though the place was packed . service was very good actually . she was fast , but attentive . i got a bagel with salmon & cream cheese . very nice presentation and fresh salmon . i was very happy . hubby and the little guy had pancakes and waffles , which were both good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was good but for what was offered and along with the wine selection , i felt it was a bit too pricey . we paid gourmet prices for a standard limited menu . the service was what you 'd expect but i felt that the wine list needed to be upgraded .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sometimes getting a regular breakfast near where you are can be a pain . in new york , new york in the miniature city section , it was just what we were looking for . we sat at the bar , had one of the best bloody marys i 've ever had and a good breakfast . nothing is cheap in vegas , would have been cheaper at home but who cares ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is closed and out of business . drove 25 minutes to get to this place with three kids . unloaded the crew . walked over to the building . saturday at noon . and it was closed ! sign , website , yelp , google all said it was still in business . but it was n't . i tried . along he number and he voicemail was full . listened to my daughter cry . shame on this place for not shutting down their website and marking themselves as going out of business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we absolutely love this place ! kids kingdom is by far the awesomestestestet play place for toddlers . we came here for the first time yesterday for a birthday party , and we seriously ca n't get enough of this place . so , of course we had to come back today for more fun : - ) . all i can say is `` wow '' ! ! ! there 's so much for toddlers kids to do here . kids were so busy having the time of their lives , while we parents can relax on their super comfy couches . my daughter and friend 's son did not want leave . the owner , tom , was very friendly ( he already addressed my daughter by her name ) ; this place is very clean ; i was really impressed when i saw tom constantly wiping down the toys and picking up after the kids . it really shows that he takes pride in ownership . although it 's quite a drive for us , we will frequent this fun place often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for the 1st time for my friends son 's birthday party and i loved it ! all the kids that attended the party had a blast . i love how everything is childproof . they have so much toys for every kid to play with . the different little club houses they have is fabulous . they make the cutest social media photos ever ! ! ! lol the party area was nice & customer services was great . i look forward in booking a party here when i have kids : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great alternative to an outdoor park . super clean . great staff . love this place . reasonable pricing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a bday party last week . they went above and beyond for decorations and all the kids had a blast ! i have many play dates scheduled here in the next month ! still my favorite place to bring kids .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have n't come here in about a year but glad we did today . so many things to do ! there 's a small bounce house but there used to be a bigger one with a slide . there are 5 themed `` rooms '' : princess kitchen salon , grocery store , fire station , school and doctor vet . plenty of dress up clothes that add to the fun . there 's a stage with keyboards , a jungle gym , ball pit , an area with large blocks , i could go on and on , but i will also add that there 's plenty to do no matter if you have a toddler , a pre-k or even an older child . it 's big enough that a dozen kids can be around but not seem crazy , and i love that it 's still small enough that i can see my kids from anywhere . the gal working was friendly , attentive and helpful and areas were clean . give it a try if you have n't yet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had both our sons birthday party here yesterday . it was so nice and clean and beautifully decorated . everything was great and everyone had fun . the front desk person was nice and left us alone the whole time . never hurried us out like some do at the end . i would recommend and definitely come back here again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a great place for kiddos to play and get their energy out ! ! we 've tried 4 different playgrounds in summerlin mountains edge area and this one our favorite by far ! it 's the largest one too . they have such a big verity of toys , and slides , and activities it 's ridiculous ( in a good way ) . my almost two-year-old and i can pretty much spend all day there . the owner is very attentive and friendly as well as other staff members . place is very clean and organized . they do not allow outside drinks ( except kids of course ) and food , which is probably why it stays so clean . lol . but they have good selection of snacks and drinks for purchase . it can get a little pricey if you keep on paying for daily pass . but they have other great options for memberships and passes . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "can you say gypsy queen ? bohemian gypsy casual woman 's clothes and accessories . small store , a few sale items but original price is steep . i like to come in and browse . i do own a few items and the quality is superb , soft cottons that wash over and over and lace on sweaters that fit just right . love to splurge on a few great pieces that i get my money 's worth out of like jeans ! you can find this brand at macy 's too but more selection obviously here . stop by : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this clothing store is amazing . it 's a very bohemian hipster free spirited fashion boutique . by far the best place to shop in las vegas . it 's located in the fasion show mall on the strip . a shirt will typically run you around $ 100 but lasts forever . i receive endless compliments whenever i wear anything free people . defineatly check this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am local and love this store .my daughter and i love to shop here and do n't mind spending 70-100 a shirt but lately the staff has been very rude seems like they 're always too busy to help . this is a great store with a great location but the staff is way too young they do n't care about the customer.. we do n't go to the store anymore i only order online so we do n't have to deal with the rude staff..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a free people junky . i constantly shop here in this location and online . today was the worst experience . i had a return that i had used a visa gift card to pay with . i told the cashier i wanted a fp store credit instead . so i could buy something else . well as j am telling her this she puts the charge back on the card and it takes 10-30 days for it to go back on . needless to say i am pissed she seemed bothered by me . she would be the reason i shop online only . what a bitch she was . and all because she made the mistake .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recently started shopping at free people when i realized they had similar prices to urban outfitters but i never felt welcomed at any store not just this location . i found out why when i walked into this specific store . the white female employees just kept chatting and i did n't think much of it until a group white girls walked in a couple minutes later and they greeted them and made them feel welcome . that 's when i walked out bc i felt disrespected . i realized i was n't welcomed bc i 'm hispanic and the employees would never go out of their way to help me , as well as another location in arcadia , california one of the white employees began trying on a garment after i looked at it and set it back down . the one asian employee eventually helped me when she saw me holding a stack of clothes . wo n't shop at any free people location ever again . thanks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "surprisingly , this location is smaller than the one i usually shop in utah . get with it , vegas ! i like the look of it , though-the high ceilings , lighting , navigation of the store , and cute little clearance `` closet '' in the back . if you are n't familiar with the free people brand it 's sort of hippie vintage bohemian inspired . they carry women 's clothing , an intimates line , a small amount of shoes ( although i did n't notice any at this particular store ) , jewelry , and other accessories . pricing is moderate to high , for example most dresses except something very basic are going to be $ 100+ . they do sometimes have good sales , though . i would recommend downloading their app for access to specials . i 've been disappointed by the customer service at some of their other stores , but they were fine at this location , if not overly friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love free people . however , this vegas location ( in the fashion show mall on the strip ) is n't particularly one of my favorites . it 's a bit tiny , and the sale section is very , very tiny ( actually , it 's down to one rolling clothing rack ! ) . i do n't know why , but it 's always hot at this location . i am instantly burning as soon as i walk in . also - it 's weirdly quiet in here way too often . why do n't more people stop by this store ? it makes me sad d : i always stop in this place whenever i 'm in town , but never get to buy anything . it frustrates me because i would love to find something i want here ! unfortunately , they do n't have anything unique - everything they display is something i 've seen at two or more other free people locations . however , this wo n't stop me from popping in and checking it out - just in case ( ;", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's free people , expensive usually , but the clothes are my style so i try to pick and choose wisely . this fp is pretty well stocked , and like the staff is quite friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this store ! ! free people is my favorite brand.. the store may be smaller than most but there are so many hidden gems in every rack . i could spend hours in here ! ! i was in for black friday and got a few deals . staff is always so friendly and knows their brand . you can tell the girls are passionate and really care about the clothes ! ahhhh fp i love you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "urban outfitters is a clothing store for both men and women . the clothes here are trendy , unique and stylish . you can find dresses , blazers , jeans , sweaters , blouses , vintage style clothes , bags , accessories , swim wear , cute pillows and candle holders for home etc . this particular location was the worst urban outfitters i 've ever been too ! upon walking in , i noticed that there was hardly anyone working there ; i did n't even see anyone behind the cash . there were racks of unorganized clothes and bins of accessories . the store was somewhat dimmed lighted which made it hard to see anything in the store . the messiness and lack of organization made it really hard to shop here . also , some of the clothes had some threads sticking out of them and the price for the merchandize is somewhat high . for example , a plain off the shoulder sweater was $ 58 , and it did n't even look nice . i wo n't be back here again . they 're other better places for one to shop for stylish clothes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have lots of cute stuff but it 's too expensive . i want to shop here but you are n't paying for something special , you 're paying for the brands . it also looks like thrift store stuff sometimes so why would i pay so much for it ? staff is barely there but you do n't really need staff here because it 's never very busy . each time i visit , everyone is just browsing and not buying trying on . i only shop at the sales section and sometimes they have a good deal . but you really have to dig . probably the best urban outfitters location i 've been to because it 's big and spacious and they have a nice bedroom display with a bean bag chair that is always 10 10 comfy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "j'aime assez les v\u00eatements et accessoires que l'on trouve dans ce magasin de mani\u00e8re g\u00e9n\u00e9rale sans pour autant trouver quoi que ce soit d'exceptionnel . j'avoue toutefois affectionner particuli\u00e8rement les grosses \u00e9charpes d'hiver que l'on y trouver ainsi que les collections de cartes postales et accessoires de d\u00e9corations . la gamme de prix peu vari\u00e9 d'abordable \u00e0 tr\u00e8s \u00e9lev\u00e9 ( ce qui , selon moi , ne se justifie pas surtout en ce qui concerne les v\u00eatements ) . je qualifierais donc cette chaine de pas mal mais sans plus .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "honestly , this store has some of the best rounded staff for a clothing store that i 've seen . always helpful , happy and hipster which is very reflective of their brand . the place always has some cute and quirky gift ideas , not to mention a new-age vinyl selection ( i can definitely appreciate the hipsters bringing back lps ) . i do n't have the cash to throw down $ 80 on a tank top like their prime customers , so i head right to the sale section every time ( upstairs , back right - across from the changing rooms ) . for the holidays i managed to get my 18 year old `` brands only '' cousin $ 500+tax of super hip clothes for $ 160 , so if you shop smart this place is a steal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the layout of this urban outfiiters is awful . it 's really hard to shop in . head office should have a look and completely re-do the interior . the girls section is suuuper small and the staff do not keep the clothing organized . it was so disorganized it was difficult to find the clothes and sizes beacuse clothes and styles were just everywhere and sprawled out . it was a horrible nightmare of shopping trying to navigate their sale section . the apartment section took up most of the store which really confused me because it was quite spread out on the second floor . i was jealous of the guys section beacuse it was the nicest most organized part of the store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i remember this place being so cool in the late 90 's . the hipster movement was at best ambiguously define in the popular culture . and now , you have grand-mothers and suburban 'douches ' roaming the store . which is fine . only have the decency to greet patrons with a smile , instead of living in your own 'hipster ' bubble , looking all disgusted of regular folks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "location-wise it 's a good location , the staff is usually friendly and the selection is pretty good . although the sales section tends to be more expensive for the same things than other urban outfitters i have been to .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is not much to say . avoid this place at all costs . i was charged an extra $ 20 for having long hair - even though it was just a cut and not using any product . i sat in the `` conditioning '' chair for 45 minutes hair cut lasted 15 minutes and look at the results . i am so ashamed i had to get my hair fixed else where . buyer be aware and be careful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "work hair salon ever ! i bought the stupid groupon deal and i was kicked out the salon within 5 mins and told to go get a refund ! first thing the lady said to me when i arrived was `` you 're late '' and `` sit down '' . she then looked at my hair and told me that she can not colour my hair because they do not have my colour ... what kind of hair salon does n't have your colour ? ? ? i asked her what else she could do since i had already bought this groupon deal , she said `` i ca n't deal with your hair , go get a refund '' and then left the room . literally the worst experience i have ever had at a hair salon . i have never been treated so poorly in my entire life . do not go here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i dreaded going into any cell phone stores and this is no different . i set an appt online . yet it 's no where to be find when i arrived there.. 3 reps on the floor and 2 mechanical techs in the back . yet 8 customers just standing around , most seem lost.. i just got there . and by the confusing look on of the customer 's faces . my patience went out the door.. finally received some help then the confusion set in.. all the time driving there . i should just stick with working with sprint online.. a complete waste of time..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came into the store to switch providers , waited 2 hours still have n't gotten any service . we were jumped in line and told the employees but they did n't care or try to service us . told the manager and he did n't did n't do anything but shrug it off . they have a list out front for `` who 's next '' but are not going in order . please avoid this place . this is the second sprint i have been to today where we 've been jumped in line and employees did n't address the issue . even though we 've waited for hours . if i could do all my service online and about the stores , it would be fantastic .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe all the negative reviews ! my experience was exactly opposite . i came in because of an issue with my screen . i was checked in and had to wait about 20 mins as the store was quite busy . no biggie . i expected that . marissa took care of me . she was very friendly and helpful . my phone had to be sent out for repair . when my phone came back i got a call from the store and a text from sprint . i went in to pick up my phone and within 10 mins marissa finished with the customer in front of me and called me up . she got my phone from the back , reactivated it and i was ready to go . i was only in the store about 30 mins ! i 'm totally satisfied with the service i received . big shout out to marissa !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this charlotte store is beyond horrible . live mostly in orlando & sprint stores there are very good . hard to believe but true .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super shady reps. we went in to upgrade our phones to i phone 7 the rep was trying to spin us a yarn about how if i pay 20 bucks more the first year , the 2nd year my rate would drop by 40 . so why not just keep my plan as is ? why would i pay more , to pay less , if it equals the same thing . btw all l was gaining was hot spot data , which i do n't use . she kept telling me , she would personally guarantee it . to which i told her i work for a corporate entity you ca n't do that . then she started in how i should trust her , she does n't trust anyone in the store but herself and the guy standing next to her ( who was n't introduced but was just creepy listening in ) i know she saw us walk in with two big sales . rather then being honest , clear and forthright , she tried being sneaky and weird . we walked out and will be taking our business to another store and maybe another carrier .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came in to transfer some contacts onto my new phone which only took 10 minutes or so . no big deal right ? the issue is when you have to wait over an hour to get help in the first place . there are plenty of workers here who have enough time to talk to each other , but not the actual customers . nice . but the real issue here is that they 're liars . they gave us some wireless chargers and other cool goodies to get us to sign with them . once they had us under contract , everything was taken back . everything . does that make sense at all ? they gave us something , and once they had our business , they told us we had to return everything otherwise we would be charged . pathetic . tl ; dr : these people are not here to help you . they will lie to like , like they did to us .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the most unprofessional person i have ever dealt with . my car was booted with a block of wood and a cable lock . when i asked to see a business card or anything that was work related he called the cops . the whole situation was a shady shake down .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horribly rude company ! booted every vehicle in the parking lot and played a `` chase me around the lot '' game in his truck when people were trying to get his attention about getting their boots removed ( several had young children ) . profane group of men running this `` company . '' they were very reckless with several of the cars they towed out as well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never dealt with a more unprofessional company . i had my car booted and was told to walk to an atm bc they could n't take a card . the driver literally made a finger walking signal and told me hit the pavement . he used profanity . what an awful human being .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my car was towed by dixie towing . they do not adhere to the city ordinance on towing . i called to get my car at 5:20am . they told me that they did not open until 9:00am and that i would need to call in advance prior to coming . after looking at the ordinance i found that they needed to release the car within 45 minutes of my request . when i called them and told them that what they were doing was illegal they stated that they told me that because they did n't want me standing out in the cold . once i got to the location to pick up the car i informed them that i was going to inform the city of their business practices . the man started yelling at me and telling me that my daddy should be ashamed of the way i am acting . completely demeaning . i was not the one acting unethically . they were . know your rights when you are towed . make sure that you hold these companies accountable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could leave a negative amount of stars i absolutely would . this place is horrible ! the little girls that run the place in the mornings are rude and i think , brain damaged . if that 's true i 'm sorry but there was 9 people standing around doing nothing ! when i asked if they had anybody working they acted like i had something coming out of my forehead . i recommend going anywhere but here ! yelp is a great resource and if you tell it what you want it will tell you somewhere better than this ! support local business ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is pathetic . i stopped here last week and the customer service was nonexistent . no one available to check me out . like a fool i gave them another chance . stopped by to get iced tea to go . stood at the register ... and stood and stood and stood . finally some gal hollers at me , `` do you want something ? '' in a most unfriendly tone . `` um , yes i 'd like iced tea '' . response : `` well that register 's not open `` . period . walks away . so i left and went to starbucks . ironically i had just come from a conference where the speaker told us to never , ever cater to a business that does not want you business . ok . i get it now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my stars are based on two things only ! the quiche pie and the chocolate chip cookies ! especially when you go early and they are coming out of the oven ! mmmmmm ! breakfast of champions ! http : www.paradisebakery.com", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best place to eat the best tomato or tortilla soup and a great sandwich or a wrap . i used to go so here often that tony invented me the fernando sandwich . i really enjoy going here , their pastries and everything it 's just succulent . all the staff is super friendly and they are a jewel in the desert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved to az and i was bummed to find out that they did n't have a panera in this state . my boyfriend then told me about paradise bakery and i was pleased to find out it was owned by panera bread and basically the same thing ! when we walked in my first impression was that it was very clean , everyone was really friendly and they had great music playing in the background . they also had a lot of selection to choose from ! i ended up getting the tomato & mozzarella panini and my boyfriend got the fontega chicken panini with soup . everything was so fresh and delicious . plus both came with a chocolate chip cookie that was seriously to die for . if you ever want a tasty sandwich soup salad i would definitely hit up paradise !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm from new york and we passed this place on the way to our hotel from the airport . i 'm assuming it is owned by panera bread or this place would have a big lawsuit coming their way . exact same menu . the system of ordering is dumb . i work in a restaurant and let 's be honest ... it just is n't user friendly . thank god we were the only ones in that place bc we all looked like morons walking back from station to station . if corporate is reading this- change the system ! people like simplicity . especially when you already have a bunch of food and choices to choose from . food was good . my frontega chicken seemed a bit undercooked but i just some of it out no biggie . the cookie they give you is dangerously good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my mom and i stopped in recently to pick up some dinner . the staff was friendlier at this location than other pbs i 've been to . my mac and cheese was nice and hot and the food was ready to go by the time we finished paying our bill . would come back to to this location again . : d", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time @ this paradise bakery location & it will be my last ! it was not busy me & my sister were the first ones to stand in line . after we placed our order & paid then the crowd started to roll in . ridiculously slow service just to make 2 sandwiches . i mean come on really ! ! ! our order was finally finished until the employee started to pick up trash off the ground before handing me our food ! what ever happened to good costumer service ? ? ? my sandwich was not even good , dry with no spread & they messed up my sisters order . horrible service & work ethic .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have mixed feelings about paradise bakery . primarily , when i think about paradise bakery , their baked good come to mind . i love their cookies and muffins . chocolate chip and oatmeal raisin are two of my favorite cookies , and the blueberry muffins are outstanding . i recently tried some of my wife 's cranberry scone and became a quick fan of those as well . i 've also taken my family for lunch or dinner here a few times , and each time i 'm left regretting the decision . the kids menu is very limited , and none of my kids have been able to find something they like . i 've tried a few items from the menu , and i liked one of the sandwiches ( primarily the turkey cranberry ) . most of the other items were okay , but nothing terribly special . with the high prices , it just does n't make sense . bottom line : great place to get some treats , but i 'd pass on lunch or dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "avoid this location like the plague ! ! ! we went here before a training class since it was close to our hotel . our group arrived about 6:45am thinking we would have plenty of time ( class at 8 , 5min away ) ready for some breakfast and good eats , but instead we were greeted with awful service , an extensive wait , and ultimately no food . it took an eternity to order because of their inefficient process and when i asked an approximate eta , all i was told was that they were doing the best they could . after 45min of waiting , we ended up canceling our order and leaving . do n't go here ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was very impressed the service last night ! the cashier was friendly , quick and welcoming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tomato soup is absolutely wonderful . creamy , not to think some small chunks but not huge . great flavor . the grilled cheese was a bit lacking in the cheese department . the thick slices of bread over shadow the 2 slices of cheese they give you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i rarely come to places like these , but i was looking for somewhere to stop and enjoy some nourishment while i allow traffic to die down . i ordered the tomato soup , which was not normally served at 730am from what i gathered . jennifer was the epitome of customer service . she talked to the cook staff and asked them to make it for me , she brought it to me , and even grabbed napkins , and utensils for me so i did n't have to get up . she made me feel completely welcome . for a guy that was coming in not expecting much , just a cup of joe , and a something light to eat . i left feeling compelled to compliment the service here ! thank you jennifer ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is not very tasty , the you pick 2 combo is misleading as it does not make any discount but simply adding up the prices of the two items in the combo .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had a great sandwich for a reasonable price . the cookies were great . if you looking for a quick meal fix . this might just be the ticket for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i watched an employee refill the utensils , a fork fell on the floor & he picked it up and placed it back in the bin . yikes . will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "legit one of the most poorly ran restaurants i 've ever been to . 40 min to make broccoli cheddar soup ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not bad for a sandwich shop . far superior to subway .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got asked to leave because daughter left her shoes at home and only wears volleyball shoes on the court . i think that 's awfully petty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the food here , but is not easy to pick up at all . a lot of time when i try to pick up lunch for my office i will call and get a busy signal several times . one time when this happened i decided to just go through the line and order for everyone . when i was ordering the sandwiches i mentioned to the guy taking my order ( he looked like a manager , was wearing business clothes ) that i tried calling a few times and kept getting a busy signal , and i just wanted to let him know . i was n't looking for him to do anything , just a simple `` oh thank you for letting us know '' would have been nice . instead he said `` well , we 're really busy '' , and that was it . it also is not a very good value for the food that you get and they have messed up our orders a couple of times .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been a fan for over ten years but the menu has changed and a lot of my favorites are no longer options . the salad menu is sparse . i ordered a chicken caesar salad today . decent portion but the dressing had an overwhelming flavor of mayonnaise , which was unappetizing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place for a healthy breakfast or lunch ! grab to go or dine in . friendly staff and great food , you can ask for anything better then that ! try the new power chicken hummus bowl , it 's a new twist on how to eat hummus and so tasty ! if your more of a sandwich kinda person try the new steak and white cheddar panini ... it will melt in your mouth and put a smile on your face ! cheers", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one star ? this place is awesome ! ! ! the best cookies i ever had ! the lunch was fat , fresh , and cheap . the combination that never happens . the atmosphere was super nice too . def . coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cookies if cookie monster had not been arrested in times square recently i would say that you could find him here eating all the yummy cookies . i like to stroll over here and devour a few dozen cookies now and again ... i guess you could call me a cookie monster ( legal ) . everyone here is so friendly and sometimes even gives me free cookies when i order 2 they give me 3 etc ... i 've eaten other food here a few times , chili was good , but no tabasco was available to make it better . never had a sandwich here so ca n't say . i will say it one more time though : cookies ( no one judges you for it ) http : todayentertainment.today.com _news 2013 04 09 17671380-costumed-cookie-monster-arrested-after-shoving-2-year-old", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the last 2 times i 've been here , i ordered my usual : sierra turkey and the mac and cheese . both times i sit down with my number and wait . and both times i wait some more . i see them bring food to people who got here after me . finally i go up and ask , and it 's like they totally forgot my order . what is it about me ? is it my big blue eyes that are deep and intense like an ocean swell ? have i offended the turkey gods ? whatever it is i 'm losing my patience . anyway , when i finally get my food , my sandwich has no cheese on it ! i go up to fix the problem , and the guy at the counter tries to tell me the sierra turkey does n't come with onions . well if that 's the case who do i thank for hooking it up the last 20 times i was here ? because a sandwich with meat and lettuce is no sandwich at all . anyway the food is decent , service sucks . rant", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was good , once they got my order right . mistakes happen i get it ! the staff was very helpful once i explained my order was wrong . well , almost all the staff ... seems like the busser was too busy watching videos than to actually bus tables . during our whole time here , there he was standing in a tray return area watching a movie . on . full . blast . i forgave the mistakes made by the kitchen , but this completely ruined my experience . i will not be coming here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really good taste but the service is so slow , they drop my sandwich and forgot to do it again a lot of people where waiting for their food its just not organized .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i could not think of a place to go to lunch so i saw paradise bakery and said to myself i have not been here for years let 's eat healthy . the line was 13 or so people deep so i waited and saw what i wanted i ordered the you pick two half of a sandwich and a cup of the fire roasted tomato soup . the way they run this place is like herding cattle with not directions it 's a cluster f. the best part of the meal was the cookie and the pretty girl i spoke with in the line we had both not been here for about two years and both said we could see why . i will be back to buy cookies there they do have killer cookies that 's about it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place reminds me of panera bread . i had a breakfast sandwich and a frozen caramel coffee and both were very good . they had some really nice looking muffins and cookies but i did n't indulge .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful place to have lunch or early dinner any day of the week . being that it 's a bakery the bread , cookies and muffins are very good . they have sandwiches , fresh tossed salads ( tossed right in front of you ) and soups . i enjoy the tuscan chicken which comes with an olive tapenade that is very yummy , so much so i ask for more . fresh chicken , tomatoes , cheese and basil makes it one of my favorites . every sandwich or sandwich combo comes with a chocolate chip cookie ( this thrill seems to be consistent with me if you 've read any of my other reviews ) . every time i think of broccoli cheddar soup i feel like i 'm eating cheese sauce , but their version is has slivers of carrots that make me feel just a little bit better . a little . wide open seating , free wifi , great food makes this a great spot to get a bite and stay just a bit longer to lounge and let your food settle in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm being generous to give this place four stars . however they are still slightly above average . my wife had the hot chai tea . it was n't too bad . i 've had better but i 've certainly has much worse . i ordered an omelette that was pretty good . i was disappointed with how small it was . i expected it to be larger . the fruit on the plate was super good . i could not find ketchup and asked for ketchup ... .ok..who in the heck does not have ketchup when you serve eggs ? and they were n't just out . they did n't have ketchup . i thought that was odd . however , the food was still good . the service was fine . the establishment was clean . i would go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dreadful . croutons and rolls were stale . so bad i asked for a refund and went somewhere else . i have eaten here many times in the past as is close to my house . was always ok. what happened ? how do you screw up a salad this much ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the classes at rapport have helped me get better clarity on who i am and what i 'm capable of . i highly recommend their classes to anyone wanting to grow as a person and make a difference in the world . i 've studied and followed numerous leadership and self-improvement books and programs over the years but none of them come close to rapport in terms of rubber-meets-the-road principles and action steps .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times and every visit was very pleasant . employees are friendly , polite and always seem like they 're in a good mood . prices are spot-on for just about everything you can find , and - like every other pawn shop in town - they 're always getting new stuff on the shelves . the difference and the reason i recommend going to this location is the employees and how the store is kept clean and tidy . i 'd definitely recommend you at least go in there and see if they can help you . i drive about 30 minutes just to choose this specific location when i need help or when i 'm looking to buy some new stuff , and have n't yet felt like i should be going to any shops that are close to my house since this spot always has what i need and the experience is always positive and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice service , informative and courteous . i was looking for my engagement and wedding ring after a burglary . the staff there gave me very helpful advice on how to proceed in finding my stolen items . the wait time for items purchased by the pawn shop to when it goes on the floor is 21 days . all items are submitted to the police department . pawned items will make it to the floor after 3 months", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not go here ! they sent my jewelry off to be melted down last week `` accidentally '' & apologize and said they would request it be sent back immediately & it should be back in a few days . today is day six so i call for an update and the guy tells me oh i ca n't guarantee that it wo n't be melted down and sent back . so im like wtf . i ask for a manager and he was equally rude kept talking over me & ignoring my question & comments . rushing me off the phone . his name was edward . i no longer feel secure in trusting them with my stuff . i 'm very scared and no longer reassured by talking to them . also want to throw in there brandy the original person i talk to was nice and helpful but everyone else act like its my fault or something .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the former anna 's linens spot at charleston and decatur is now a sketchers outlet- not sure why the `` outlet '' part is now missing from the yelp listing , as it 's on their signage . the clearance section is large , only vaguely organized by size . not a fan of how shoes in this area are in plain boxes with the lids ripped off , looks trashy . stock selection is pretty good- if a little heavy on the flats and bobs ( aka knock-off toms ) , and less athletic sneakers for women , but a ton for kids . store itself is clean and organized . plenty of staff but no service . in addition to shoes , there 's a small section of athletic wear . note that there is only one dressing room for these items , located in the middle of the sales floor ( it 's wheelchair accessible ) . tip : hurry in before the back to school rush and take advantage of their grand opening special , bogo 50 % off .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the customer service and the energy . i bought 2 pairs including candy for $ 60 . sales and style gives me a reason to come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are a fan of skechers shoes . this store was just as good as any sketcher location . there was a large selection and prices were in line with any of the other stores . service was good . i would buy from here agin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought my first non- slip shoes on sale @ $ 54.99 regular price is & 85.00 they have 1 security personnel @ the front door to prevent shop lifters which is great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have to say it must be the worst store in town . we never got greeted at the door , even though there was two employees at the register talking amongst them selfs . walked around the store , no one to be found to help out or check up on me and my family . we wondered some more and found an employee fixing some shoes , but never cared to acknowledge us . we decided to leave , spent about 30min in there . as we 're walking out i 'm assuming the gentleman was a manger ? he literally walked on by and said nothing . we 're at the door and no one yet again said anything . this was at about 9:30 am and there was probably 3 other people in there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shame on you . the most disgusting sushi i have ever had in my life . -- beep beep edamame is still raw even after nuking ( i should have fled when i heard it ) -- didnt think it was possible to ruin a philly roll but you can if the cream cheese is rancid ! ! -- gari tastes of dishwasher rinse agent -- nigiri rice is warm under almost frozen hamachi ! ! -- salmon wilted and old -- retail grade maguro ( house of rice ) . all cashier server could say after our complaints and charging full price was `` would you like your receipt ? '' $ 60 for the worst sushi of my life . pffu^ % off and die ! ! ! i only made it down the street to the safeway where i had to pull over and puke ! ! faded salmon and rancid cream cheese ! ! ! wishing i could `` unlike '' c.n. , pam s. and mimi p. , after whose reviews i ventured to sakura on faith . shame on you ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love sakura inn ! it may not be a dress up kind of sushi bar , but the sushi is great ! the best part is that they give you a decent amount of sushi for the money . the waiter is very nice and he always remembers what you order . he does a great job at customer service . if you go there try the neptune roll , yummy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "real japanese food prepared by japanese in fountain hills . their sushi boat is excellent . just had dinner there on satirday", "score": "5"}
{"review": "driving a 10-year-old vw means having to find someone reliable to fix it , and the guy i 'd been depending on for the last few years moved out of town , so i went looking for a new shop . melo had all five-star reviews on yelp and seemed to know volkswagen , so i thought i would give them a shot . chris was friendly , helpful , clear in his explanations and very reasonable in his estimate . my wife and i dropped the car off and walked around the neighbourhood while our front brake rotors and rear springs were replaced , and the job took exactly as long as promised , and cost exactly what the estimate was . when i broke a front spring not long afterwards , i took the car back to melo , and in spite of a completely full schedule , they managed to squeeze the job in for me , and for a great price too . even though i live in a completely different part of town , these guys have my business for as long as i 'm driving an unwarrantied car !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never knew it was possible to love a mechanic , but this is definitely the case with chris at melo automotive ! my husband came here to get one of our cars fixed , and not only was it fixed quickly and with a reasonable rate , but the car looked brand new , in the engine and on the outside of the car , when we got it back . i got a safety check for another car , and it was done quickly and everything was explained to me . and , he even fit in an oil change and and an air filter change as well ! talk about efficient ! we will be back for our other automotive needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give six stars if i could . absolutely amazing attitude and services . very very nice staff . they respect their customers and the vehicles . i watched chris and george putting together a motorcycle while i was waiting to park my car inside , they were so very thorough about it . they got my oil changed very quickly , and surprisingly these guys gave me a nicely done wash for free . i quote chris `` we want the cars to get out of here the way they should look like '' i mean , this is how you should do business and treat people . these guys made my day . this is definitely my go-to place from now on . thanks , chris , wojtek and george . bruce", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would highly recommend melo to anyone . the service was impeccable , the owners are lovely and knowledgeable , and everything was done quickly and efficiently , with specific attention paid to minimizing my inconvenience . also , they both have immense volkswagen expertise , which means my rabbit is in great hands . kudos , lads !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! friendly staff ! would highly recommend this mechanic to any one looking for a new place to take their car too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop has truly outstanding customer service . i have been to many mechanics and dealerships for auto repairs and chris and his team totally exceed all of them in terms of quality and value . i brought my 2005 civic in for a timing belt water pump replacement and he even took the time to explain to me the work they had done and the parts they replaced . they did a number of other services out of courtesy ( including washing my car , wiping the dash , checking the tires ) , and all was done for a very competitive price . i have a rather lengthy commute and am very picky about where i take my car : melo auto really went out of their way to make me feel confident about their work . the team here is passionate about cars and work extremely hard for their clients . this is the type of business i love to patronize and i will definitely be bringing my car here in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best auto shop . timely , reliable and honest . as a woman i am always super critical with shops , aware of the potential for unnecessary add ons . chris and the shop was straight forward and did n't try doing more to my car than what i asked for . i 'll be going to this shop for as long as i live in toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was looking for a local garage in the junction . just went to melo 's for the first time based on seeing all the positive reviews . they did not disappoint . switched out my winter tires for a good price . removed and repaired a nail at no charge . i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good and nice guys . i thought my starter was dead , and that would have run me close to $ 700 . instead , they told me it was a battery issue , which it was , and saved me $ 500 in the process . they also let me know my car was in good shape and that i did n't have to spend a ton on it , unlike several other places that tried to squeeze me dry . definitely coming back here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a great place , never felt like am ever going to be cheated or lied from the guys there . very polite and professional , neat place . i will always go there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great , really friendly staff who answered all of my questions . the prices were great and they went well above my expectations . there 's a reason behind all the rave reviews .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really glad to have found this place ; i randomly came in for an oil change and left with ( what feels like ) a whole new car . the atmosphere of the shop is n't intimidating like most and you never get the impression that they 're trying to get your money and rush you out the door . chris did a quick inspection of the key components of my car , showing me exactly what needed work or replacement and explaining the level of importance of each job . the prices are great , the work is quick and both he and wojtek take pride in what they do . they also do n't nitpick and charge extra for every last tuneup like almost all of the other shops i 've been to . they 'll even clean your car as part of the service . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i happened upon this place 2 years ago when i needed some work done on my car before a long road trip . being a female who knows next to nothing about car i 'm always worried about being taken advantage of , but not here . chris will always explains what was wrong and why and break down all prices so i know i 'm not being ripped off . ironically chris is the old mechanic from the dealer i got my bug from 11 years ago which i did n't know until talking to him . but all in all i 've always had a great experience and leave happy with the work that has been done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in dire straights ! i needed a door put up as soon as possible ! doug came to my rescue and got a door and hung it all before dark ! he went out of his way for me and was able to help me the day i called him ! i recommend husbands 2go to anyone looking for fast , honest and quality work ! thank you ! doug by : penny ballesteros gilbert", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called doug to replace and refasten a couple of roof tile that had become dislodged . doug responded within an hour and had my repair completed within another hour . his workmanship is professional . i would recommend doug to anyone needing a repair of carpentry , plumbing or electrical . i plan on using doug again for other repairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "doug was the service man who arrived to repair some of our household needs . he was on time , prompt and came prepared . he did a wonderful job on all that was requested . we appreciate his down to earth explanation and courteous demeanor . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had doug over to take care of a handful of repairs i had been meaning to take care of over the last several months however had n't found the motivation to do so . doug came over when he said he would and have me a fair general quote for items needed fixing and even gave me a few better suggestions for my garage . he spent all day here on friday making repairs and replacing items and i felt comfortable having him around my house . i also felt that the work being paid for was to the quality i was looking for which was my primary concern before looking for companies . thanks for the job well done and i look forward to sending more business your way in the future", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great company and very polite . i highly recommend them to anyone . took the time to give a good quote and schedule the work . work was done in a timely fashion and made sure everything was perfect before leaving . thanks doug !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a first time customer i give it a two star . service was great but atmosphere was not . we got there around 9pm on saturday night and was very loud because of the live band downstairs and we sat next to kitchen that had their own music playing and singing all throughout the dinning room . not what i was expecting for the price of the dishes which the filet mignon ( m w ) is as good as the cooks singing in the kitchen . what an experience . place might be okay for after hour drinks . not for dinner especially after 9pm .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i found this place to be forgettable , and here 's why : we only went a few months ago , and i barely remember the food . i do remember that we kind of got screwed with our groupon , and could n't order from the quantity of menu options we thought we would be able to , and that the food did not live up to the hype . i also remember live music and dancing , and sitting outside on the lovely patio , which is why i ca n't drop my review lower than a 3 . it was such a nice atmosphere for dancing and conversing with friends . not so much for eating food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just do n't get it . i see ducks everywhere - lake erie , local ponds , and yet you go to a restaurant like this to have one , and they charge you a murder . i actually started to wonder if they would give me the discount , if i already arrive with a killed duck ready for the roast . anyway duck here ( i am slowly becoming a duck specialist ) was rather good - juicy , not overcooked , and even zesty . but i 'll be damned to show up here without a groupon and pay $ 24 for 4 slices of rather common bird . everything else was just ok . i still have no idea what was that arancini appetizer ( rice balls with onions ? ) and if the huge dance floor is ever holding large dancing parties . in general i was thinking all of their entrees should cost exactly $ 10 less for what they are . and the menu should include the detailed description and miniature map of hunting places for ducks . just saying .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice place . very good service , reasonable drink prices . the bloodymary was 3.5 out of five stars . saw a comedy show here , great room in the basement for a show . this is definitely where grownups from westlake , rocky river , and bay village go to party . when i say grownup , that means they are older than me : ) for grownup , very , very white people they seemed to know how to party . a few people were quite soused , i would have been soused myself except that would mean a 40+ minute drive through the battle grounds of the west side . i still had fun , met a few new people , danced , and made it to west 25th for some less grown up fun . oh yeah and oddly there were a few east side peeps here as well . it was nice meeting you ! will i be back , ? maybe , 40 minutes is a long drive . oh yeah there were not too many tv 's here , i liked that !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was my first trip here and i 'm a fan ! i had the arancini as an appetizer and it was absolutely delicious . for dinner i had the crab cakes . while they were tasty , they were the smallest crab cakes i 've ever seen and there were only two . as the entree i was very disappointed in the size . it was more appropriate as an appetizer i 'd say . the service was attentive but the private room our party was in was pretty chilly . i would definitely like to go back sometime !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went on a monday night . there was one other table there . space is nice . we were seated quickly . got the arancia stuffed balls and a caesar salad which were both good . ordered the sirloin for entree medium rare . the steak came out drenched in a nasty sweet sauce . the outside was burned to a crisp and the inside was raw meat . threw half of the plate away . not worth the price for the worst steak i 've ever had .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "overall , a disappointing experience . the waiter was disinterested and dispirited . i wo n't be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so i dropped a star because i feel like they changed the service , menu , and pricing . the waitress we had was very professional it was almost too much . she could have been a little faster too , but i think she thought we wanted to relax , which was not the case , we were starving . i mean you ca n't deny the food is just out of this world amazing but you pay for it . i had a living social , and before that for 3 beers , an appetizer , and two entrees , it was about $ 80 . so this is still a fancy date place . i 'd prefer the waitress i had last year who was super cool and down to earth with tattoos and a buzz cut any day though . i do feel like the prices were raised . i think the menu changed a little bit but thank god they kept the fillet . it 's the best . the cool thing i did not know about sb is the downstairs bar area . i 'll def be back to check that out soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was excellent , very top notch . service was above average . ambiance could use some work , mostly because the owners school age children were crawling all over the bar looking into the kitchen for part of our meal . granted , they were well-behaved , but still . food was great , including the calamari , excellent bittaker salad ( asked for mine without bleu cheese , his without cauliflower , and they mixed them up ) , great entree of smoked chicken ravioli and pretzel encrusted grouper . dessert was very disappointing . bourbon bread pudding , that was too dry and with not enough flavor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was very good - had the mussels ( appetizers ) and the arugula salad . be forewarned that the yelp coupon is only for 1 coupon per table . four of us out of our group of six had brought a yelp coupon because it said 1 per person . the owner was very gracious and accomodated us , but doing 1 per person is a hard hit on a restaurant . we 'll go back this summer to try out the patio . also , an fyi , the happy hour prices are only in the bar area ... .and seems not to apply to wine & beer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is no surprise why the restaurant is never crowded.. surf and turf old school . no local sourcing of food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if i could give this joint a zero stars or a negative score , i would ! ! ! ! ! the worst service ever ! even worse was the table next to us had great service . i had to return our sprite & lemonade because they tasted bad . my boyfriend & i ordered the short ribs sliders with frites . i 've been to europe ... frites are fries lol . not here ! there thin as a strand of hair & the sliders were flavorless . we then ordered the strip . i wanted it medium & it came out rare . when i asked them to correct it , they gave me the same steak back & did n't confirm if it was cooked correctly . we both had to add salt to our food . needless to say , i will never be returning to this place ! it sucked ! ! ! ! ! we should 've went to the cheesecake factory .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to sb eighty one with my gal to see a magician and taste the food . the ambiance was delightful , small , cozy , warm , and romantic . the food was alright . we shared the tuna napoleon appetizer which was fantastic . seared tuna , sesame toasted crust with fried wonton and wasabi oils ... .man oh man . that was tasty . my girl had arugula salad , which was good , but definitely not a dinner sized portion . i had the blackened group sandwich ... great seasoning but the bread and bun was overwhelming . overall it was a great ambience , good to see the magician and try something new but the food was short of something magical .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we ate here the other night with three other friends . the patio was very nice . you have no idea you are right by a busy street . the food was good , but portions were very small . also , my wife ordered a pepperoni pizza that was the worst pizza i 've ever tasted . everyone at te table tried it and the consensus was it was a grocery store frozen pizza that was microwaved . our server was very pleasant , but between portion size and quality i 'd have to say this restaurant struggled in our opinion .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "average at best . ignored all the reviews and decided to give it a shot . the food was decent . the muscles appetizer was good as was the tiger shrimp pasta . the main problem was the disinterested staff . no one really cared . the dining room set up left something to be desired as well . we sat at a small table facing the kitchen and the kitchen staff who looked like they were bothered at any request . take it from someone who took a shot , try it if you have a coupon , but do n't get your hopes up .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this unassuming place is off what i would describe as a nondescript street in westlake . i went to sb eightone for a pre-valentine 's suaree , a `` shred your ex '' suaree to be exact . it was purportedly a singles event where one could bring a photo of an old ex to shred in their paper shredding machine . the reward in exchange for your photo was a shiny new ticket for $ 10 off of your bill -- not a bad reward if you ask me . i did not know what to expect as i was not familiar with the town or the restaurant . i was pleasantly surprised . the food was excellent -- i tried a risotto marinara dish and it did not disappoint . it was bold , bursting with tomatoey flavor . i also had a warm mushroom salad that was yum . it had some very tasty herb dressing on it and the whole epicurean experience was complete . i look forward to my return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great patio for a dinner . the service was excellent , friendly and fast . we waited only minutes for the entrees , which were cooked perfectly and tasted fantastic . cornmeal-encrusted tilapia with lobster risotto and green beans and beurre blanc was excellent . so was the ahi tuna .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have dined here three times as part of a large group ( ~20 people ) in one of the reserved rooms and have never been too impressed by the experience . i preface my review with this statement because maybe the kitchen is able to deal with small parties better than large ones , i do not know . the wait staff was quick to get water and bread on the table , wine in our glasses , and refill the glasses and baskets when empty . they had to walk around with their order forms to determine who got steak knives which i felt was unprofessional . the food came out quickly . the salads were fine . the entrees were kind of a disaster . my brother had several large clumps of stuck together papperdelle noodles in his fresh pasta dish . three steak dishes were ordered , and none of them were cooked as requested . i do not think it is fair to charge $ 20+ for meals that so clearly miss the mark .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bad experience at this location time and time again . if you 're willing to pay $ 20+ on 1 pizza with no toppings ( hence , no flavour ) on it , this is the place with you . even after advising the employee about my prior bad experience and asking for the pizza to be generously topped , i received a pizza with double the regular crust size and not enough cheese to even contain the sauce . if you want a decent pizza joint within ajax , try pizza depot or even pizza pizza ( rossland ) . you get what you ask pay for .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have ordered delivery from this location several times over the last few years and it 's not very good . i used to love pizza hut pan pizza when i lived in alberta , it was my favourite but since moving to ajax i find this location seems to overcook everything . the pizza and sides are dried out and over done . i would n't mind so much if it was reasonably priced but it 's quite expensive . i hope they can turn things around but in the 4 times i 've tried it 's been quite poor each time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we were reluctant to visit this pizza hut locations after reading the reviews . however , i 'm glad that giving in to a pan pizza craving won out ! we were seated promptly and informed of the current promotion ( 5 bucks , 5 bucks , 5 bucks ) by our server . we ordered two pizzas and a meal sized salad to share . the salad was quite large . our pizzas arrived at just the right moment after we had been given enough time to finish our salad . the pizzas were fine and well prepared . really , they were pizza hut at its best . service was attentive and we had no complaints at all in that area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lunch , mmm pizza . but these guys were pretty slow . i ordered a personal pan pizza , and it was smaller than i thought but it was good tasting , overall , i wasnt as impressed as i thought i would be . it was good , as far as food quality , but the service was mighty average at best and the portion sizing didnt make me think i had a deal and i kinda wished i ordered something else . i will try them again some other time and see if i have better success or find something more satisfying . looking forward to round 2", "score": "3"}
{"review": "some of the best pizzas is made at pizza hut . this particular branch provides great pizza and an excellent lunch buffet . when you eat the lunch buffet , they alternate regular and dessert pizzas , and you can really sample all these different types of pizzas they have . it 's incredible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only order take out here since the dine in is horrible . every time we go for it the servers take forever and never get things right ( even when your the only customers in the entire dining room ) . it 's better to cut your losses and take out the pizza , for some reason it comes out good that way lol", "score": "1"}
{"review": "visited this restaurant even after a bad experience ordering food . so surprised this is still open ! food was too greasy ... really dirty carpet ... server was nice though . if you 're craving this kind of food just to to boston pizza or something ... . this is overpriced", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service ! i was basically ignored for 10 minutes while i looked around , it 's a small store , by some simpleton , butterfly knife spinning , white trash dipshit behind the counter until i asked to look at some benchmade knives . he never asked me any questions as to how i was doing , if he could help with a knife purchase , anything ! i will never go back to this store and will suggest that no one i know does . they actually had the knife i wanted but because the customer service was so horrible i 'll be ordering off of the internet instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i try to support small businesses when i can . this place is overpriced compared to the internet ... but you get to hold the knives before purchase which would be good except for the following ... . whatever you do do n't let them sharpen your knives ... i left a benchmade 553 tanto and got back a spey point ( look it up ) . as he was giving me back my knife he was carrying on some tirade about how tanto grinds are fake `` americanized '' and b s popularized by cold steel blah blah blah . i looked at my knife and said `` what is this ? '' his response was actually `` so did i f up your knife enough ? '' i can only imagine he sharpened my blade drunk . so basically if you want to pay too much or have one of your personal knives trashed this is the best store in town .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the other reviewers are correct in saying that if you are looking for bargain basement prices , this is n't the place to go . they do have a nice selection of stock , though . unlike the other reviewers , i did n't have any problems with the staff . they seem quite knowledgeable . they also did n't seem to want to push any crap or junk onto me . in fact , the salesman i dealt with actually told me not to buy several things . and he has done this on more than one visit . the woman who i am pretty sure owns the place has always been polite and helpful when dealing with me , too . i should add the place is a little unorganized with merchandise kind of all over the place , but that did n't really bother me . the salesman knew where the knives i asked for were . for me , the only serious downside is their pricing . but , a lot of knives seem to be going for pretty much the same street price where ever you go , so why not go here ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i thought this place was great ! the service was n't horrible at all- although i could tell they definitely keep a watchful eye for shoplifters , which could feel insulting . but hey , you got ta do what you got ta do ! i went in here on a whim and just to kill some time , and walked out having found two perfect keychains that i would never have thought they would carry . the ( i think ) owner was pretty warm and helpful and even recommended another local business to me . there are tons of products in this store ! it can be a little overwhelming , but you 'll more than likely find what you 're looking for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very interesting owner with a lot of history . stop in and look around , there is a vast selection .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great selection of high quality knives . anything from pocket carry to culinary , as well as some rare custom pieces.really a great selection . the prices are a little above average , but i am happy to support a local with such a great selection . contrary to other posts , i received excellent customer service . i will be back to this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "high prices , store is messy , disorganized and mostly full of junk . customer service is terrible . some white trash guy who makes rude comments the whole time you shop and a lady who was tweaking the whole time . go to the fantastik indoor swapmeet for better selection or shop online .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband went here for the first and last time recently . yesterday ( 5 2 17 ) he went in to have his professional knives sharpened . he told the man that he had to have them back by a certain time , as he was interviewing for an executive chef position the next day . `` do n't worry , they 'll be done tomorrow by 10:30 am . '' well , fast forward to today at 10:30 my husband is told `` oh , they did n't get to yours yet . '' so he 's now worried he 'll be late for his tasting . finally , he gets the knives back and there was blood on the knives ! ! someone apparently cut themselves , bled on the knives and did n't even clean them ! ! so , after my husband demanded they clean it , he high tailed it to the tasting . unprosssional , untimely and unclean practices ! they have lost a good client with us !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have purchased 2 benchmade knives from here already this week . great store with a huge selection . you can find most of these products a bit cheaper online but you get to handle the items here and i like supporting local business . staff is friendly and they have a lot of hard to find knives that you wo n't find in any other store in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the home basics is located at warden and steeles in the same plaza as t & t supermarket . it is almost right next to neohome houseware ( http : www.yelp.ca biz neohome-houseware-markham ) , however i find this store not as nice and organize as neohome . the home basics has the feel of a dollar store . the goods are lying everything and some goods are even similar but they charges a lot more ! the spaces is really clammed and there are hardly any japanese imported goods , most of them are from china or their cheaper versions . i do n't mind browsing around , but i do n't think i will be doing a lot of buying in here ! the parking lot can get busy and crazy during prime grocery shopping time and weekends !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "there was an advert in the paper with a coupon but did n't mention it was for online only - wasted a trip .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fachlich wohl absolut kompetent . die atmosph\u00e4re ist freundlich , das team auch . die wartezeiten sind ertr\u00e4glich . die nachsorge nach operationen ist sehr sorgf\u00e4ltig . nur bei der abrechnung unterlaufen mal fehlerchen . das w\u00e4re nun nicht weiter tragisch , jedoch darf man beiliebe die praxis nicht darauf aufmerksam machen , denn , h\u00f6flich gesprochen , die grenze f\u00fcr kritiktoleranz liegt bei null ! daf\u00fcr zwei sterne abzug .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "everyone has their own reason why they love their gym . i could go on for days about the equipment , cleanliness , affordability , hours , classes , etc . but what makes us adore anytime fitness arrowhead is the owner ! natalee sticht is more than a gym owner though . she not only makes herself available to her clients but she is always in house at the gym waiting to answer questions . natalee is always putting on informational classes workshops to help us live the best , most healthiest lifestyles ! she is very thoughtful and very creative . always thinking up new ways to inspire us ! she has also been a huge supporter praying for us with our infertility battle ! walking into see this just blew us away ! thank you , natalee !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an amazingly clean gym . the staff and owners are friendly , polite and look the part . i 'm not a fan of asking for exercise or nutrition advice from someone who does n't look like he or she follows their own advice but that is not the case with the staff and owners at this specific anytime fitness . the convenience of it being 24 hours is just one of the many reasons this gym is amazing . new machines , clean facility and a super cool drinking fountain that allows members to easily fill up water bottles ! ! i would recommend anyone looking for a gym to go to anytime fitness arrowhead !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "like most people , i am hesitant about joining a new gym when i want to get my health goals back on track . i 'm afraid of pushy sales and a facility overcrowded with big egos . this club is nothing like that . the staff is friendly and approachable . they really made me feel at home and i actually looked forward to working out there week to week . unfortunately , i had to move away but definitely recommend checking out this location if you live in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great gym ! ! so comfortable , people are wonderful and very helpful . there is something for everyone whether you just want to do your thing or even be social and fun during a workout with the classes and events . tge owner is fabulous ! ! they really care about helping people and the community which is refreshing and wonderful . definitely not your cold corp type gyms . more of a small family business feel which is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still the excellent fitness center i began going to a year ago . the manager owner continues to keep the place in great shape and really clean . this is really easy to get to , parking is close and convenient . keep up the great work natalee !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this gym ! ! natalee continues to impress me with her involvement with her members and friendly nature . you can tell she cares and that 's highly appreciated . the gym is well kept and no waiting for equipment . i would recommend this facility to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! ! ! a great place to workout . the staff is friendly and knowledgeable about all the equipment and how to maximize your workout . the equipment is new and always very clean i come at night and there is always someone cleaning and maintaining the equipment . you can tell the staff really cares about keeping the place in like new fashion and keeping the customers happy . thank you again for getting my butt in shape always my place for fitness ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner and staff are nice and helpful . they are always willing to show you different exercises or check your form . it 's a small intimate gym but there is plenty of equipment that is well taken care of and clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a member of anytime fitness arrowhead for about 1.5 years . it 's a little more expensive than other gyms , but i find it 's worth it since i go almost daily , it 's very close to my house , and there 's 24 7 access . the good things about this gym are the kind and helpful staff , clean facilities , and the well maintained equipment . the bad ? the occasional crowd , too few plates ( and dumbbells ) , and members that hog machines , camp out on machines while on their mobile devices , and fail to return equipment weights . if this were a super large gym , these would n't be that much of an issue , but this gym is small .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great club . great owner . 24 hour access is great for any schedule . do n't have to worry about fighting thru crowds or dealing with jugheads you 'd find at the bigger clubs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this gym ! been a member of a few other gyms and i never felt like `` home '' . it 's always clean , and staff is friendly ! i love the owner natalee ! she 's been inviting and friendly before we even decided to sign a contract and she 's continued to be the same even after we signed up . all the members are friendly ... staff is always helpful ! love it here ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great workout spot with modern facilities and equipment . more importantly to me , they really do care about my health and fitness . they could n't have been more supportive after i suffered a hip injury followed a few months later by a lumbar fracture - both the result of a medical condition i did n't know i had . they are willing to work with me to come up with a fitness plan they takes my overall health into consideration . i 'm not `` just another member '' . highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first time at this location . i love their food and juices . had the harvest kale salad and pumpkin loaf . the salad was delicious and very `` citrusy . '' i 'm not sure if the pumpkin bread is seasonal but it was also very good . my sister had the turkey club and sweet potato french fries and said it was good . solid food all-around !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here around 1030 in the morning to grab lunch on my way to work . i ordered the turkey club sandwich with turkey bacon and it took 15 minutes , there was literally one other person in the restaurant i dont know if 15 minutes was really effecient for a 98 % cold sandwich but fresh somehow translates to slow service . ive heard the smoothies are great and several people came in while i was waiting and got their smoothies and were gone . maybe ill try one in the future but the sandwich was underwhelming and not worth a $ 9 price tag .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was skeptical as i perused the menu today which on yelp has 4 items very strangely lumped together . my bf and i go eat brunch maybe once a week usually the same place , but were trying to be healthier so this seemed cool however far from our house . the staff is incredible . polite over achievers , really happy smiling bunch . giving us samples as we waiting for the previous family decide their order . green ginger lime juice was delicious . and a huge size compared to other similar joints . i got the turkey burger on wheat . huge fresh patty grilled bun vegan cheese heirloom tomato not your average turkey burger . tofu fries are very seasoned looking but not overwhelmingly spicy . quite mild could stand to bump up the heat a little even . comes on a triangle plate which was fun . bf got the chicken satay . delicious good size portion excellent plating . complimentary cucumber water probably was the highlight of it all for me . id come back just for that . stiff uninviting tables when you dine in but they 're surpringly comfortable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a place with fresh eats and yummy shakes , this is it . i really liked it , it seems unique and has really great `` healthy '' food . located near lvac , it attracts that healthier , fit crowd ; but i went for the shakes . i do try to watch what i eat , and this place does not offer greasy and heavy food . it 's fresh and well proportioned . friendly , inshape ( lol ) staff and patrons as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i eat here almost every day . it 's such a great healthy option and it 's very close to my gym . my favorite drinks are the wellness juice and the green smoothie . watermelon is great , too ! the bison cheese steak is delicious in a spinach wrap ! and the make your own option keeps you mixing and matching every visit . the teriyaki sauce makes any of them taste good . you have to try the sweet potato mash . the service is wonderful , as well . y'all are always so friendly : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to stop in here after finishing my leg workout at lvac . i usually hit tropical smoothie but had been meaning to stop by this place . i needed something to go so i figured i would try one of the smoothies ; they all seemed tempting . i settled on the green smoothie . i was pleasantly surprised when i took my first taste . i have to say i 'll be back and next time try some of the food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place was perfect and decently priced . i 'm going to go back for sure . i ordered a bison wrap and it took a while but it was made fresh after i ordered it . i liked the wrap because it did n't fall apart as i was eating it . my wife also got a wellness shake and she thought it was great , if you like stuff that tastes like melted lettuce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dining out is so hard when you 're trying to stay healthy , but this place takes the temptation out of the dining out experience because everything on their menu is good for you ! i 've tried the turkey burger , the bison burger , and a wrap ( ca n't recall which one ) and was pleased with each . the tofu fries are really yummy ! ! ! this place is pretty expensive though , but i guess when you 're putting good stuff into your body it 's worth it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this location , it 's convenient cause it 's right next to where i tan . the employees there are a hit and miss with being nice . but healthy great food ! check your bags before you leave with your to go order !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "enjoyed breakfast here with a groupon . i had a smoothie and the breakfast burrito - both were delish , and the tofu fries were too ! it is pricey though !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for the first time this morning and i loved it . i ordered the watermelon strawberry cocktail . its delicious . the pricing is not too bad considering everything is healthy . the smoothie i 'm drinking is 215 calories . everything shows how much you 're intake is . the staff is really friendly and the place is so clean . there is outdoor dining as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! i was in town and wanted a healthy meal . i came here based on the reviews . i was not disappointed . the salmon was super fresh and delicious and the salad was amazing . i ordered the lemon vinaigrette on the side and it was tasty . sometimes after a healthy meal i am hungry quick . this meal had enough spice and seasoning to make me feel full longer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always go to greens and proteins but this is my first time at this location . first there were no clean silverware . i ordered the egg white scramble with turkey sausage . the presentation was wack and the sausage was not fully cooked it was ice cold on the inside . i let the manager or cook know and he gave me a free lunch on him on my next visit due to the inconvenience . i was cool with that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here with my brother just to have a little snack a while ago . i ordered the chicken strips to have something in my stomach . the chicken was really dry and i did not enjoy it very well . but my brother got this juicy burger ( idk the name of it ) . he also got a side of tofu fries . the tofu fries are delicious . i crave it so much . it 's a must ! ! ! the prices are a reasonable price . it is supposed to be a healthy place so it 's going to cost a bit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "g & p is my go to healthy fast food restaurant . i get the same thing every time i go there : salmon , sweet potato mash , broccoli , and lemon butter and pesto sauces . how can you go wrong with that ? it 's delicious and healthy and got that mediterranean diet on lock ! the water has chlorophyll in it and the vibes are great . i 've been to both locations and it 's always dependable for healthy and bomb food . i hope more restaurants like this stem from their initiative !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am coming here after my work out . delicious , healthy and affordable . very nice and kind personal . five star !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "more of a review on a great employee there named zach . i ordered the turkey burger and it just did n't taste right to me . i walked up and asked if i could possibly switch it for a burger , trying not to sound picky or whinny . without hesitation he took my order back and brought me a burger instead , that guy is on it ! awesome customer service on his end , will definitely eat here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "watermelon juice is yummy ! veggie pizza on pita bread was good too and just enough for a quick snack for my girls and i . two thumbs up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! i 'm new to the area and was invited by friends and thought why not ! the menu has a wide variety including vegan items- i am not vegan but for some reason decided to order from the `` vegan side '' of the menu . the chicken lettuce cups were delicious ! ! service was fast , friendly staff and kick ass cucumber water that 's freeeeee ! the banana split smoothie is the jam by the way . so happy i found a healthy place so close to me ! worth satin again that the staff was really nice and they all had smiles on their faces !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to get an after workout juice or smoothie ! you all are fabulous !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite health food places in vegas real food real tasty ! ! the ostrich patty is excellent and the smoothies are delicious especially the `` wellness '' drink . pricey but most healthy places seems to be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the bison burger is delicious . the chicken quinoa salad was cool , fresh and tasty . add avocado to everything because it 's yummy . add banana to the watermelon strawberry smoothie to make it a little creamier . the place is well decorated for a good atmosphere and well maintained . bathrooms are clean too . would love to have one of these in california .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i must say i am not the healthiest person buuuut i finally got the chance to go in and check out this place that many of my co-workers would speak of . i had the bison burger and it 's by far my all time favorite burger ! ! everything is fresh and the meat is just perfect . i also enjoy the wellness green juice . every now and then i call and schedule it to pick up . the guy that 's usually there is a young man named raul that always takes good care of us and makes sure that our food and juices are top notch . excellent customer service by him and the rest of the greens and proteins team . by the way get the sweet potatoes fries ! ! ! ! you go g & p !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so seriously , why is everyone so obsessed with this place ? i get it 's healthy and nutritious , blah blah but it 's overpriced and the food itself is just meh . but maybe i 'm the one with weird taste bc i do enjoy me some protein house and i get sad that protein house is only in henderson . i 've tried different things at greens from their juices , to the burgers , to the fake pizza , spaghetti squash , and everything was simply not memorable . the only good thing , that i actually enjoy eating , is probably the tofu fries . those deserve 4 stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "extremely nommynommy i have never been a fan of tofu and today trying a greek scramble the tofu in it was amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really just love this place . the best part is my 9 year old daughter loves the place as well . their egg whites out beat my made at home egg whites and the juices are amazing - the agave : ) greens and proteins is always a fun stop after a work out with the girls : ) i also love that their loyalty card is one my phone apps so i do n't have to worry about losing and searching for a card in my clutter wherever it may be !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the vegetarian pizza with vegan cheese . it was great tasting and full of a variety of vegetables .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is just on the basis of the madness of how they made an $ 8 smoothie : they added a heap of ice , which , you know is basically just filler . then they ended up making too much , filled my cup and dumped the extra -- - all of those wonderful fruits and vegetables -- - down the sink . so frustrating to pay nearly ten bucks for some diluted smoothie , the rest of which is wasted , flowing down the drain .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we are from california visiting las vegas - the hubby and i we 're looking for healthier options and ran into this place . the food was absolutely delicious ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for a lunch meeting with one of the offices that we work a lot with and at first i was very hesitant as i have never heard of this place . what a great choice to go to for the health conscious eater . i ordered the peanut chicken skewers and the g & p salad . the portions are big , enough for two people . the staff were really friendly . prices very reasonable . although it 's a bit far from work , i will definitely visit this place again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overpriced . have a groupon for another location though . will give them another shot", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the green wellness drink was awesome . it took them a while to make it though which i did n't understand because people after me had already received their order . must 've been a mix up . either way , still a yummy spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have moved to 6100 e independance blvd . moms with little kids , this is the one for you . they have a ? ? ? 15 ? foot bear the owner shot on display . otherwise , it 's one huge warehouse room they can run and scream and still not bother anyone while you shop . wall to wall , bound remnant , fashion rugs . really nice guys , took great care of me when i needed a rug the day before i gave birth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently bought a house and were recommended to go to these guys by our broker . he claimed they had the best prices and were quick and easy to deal with . he was right . gina was our sales person and was super helpful in showing us wool only carpets . they came to take measurements and the next day installed the carpet . our baseboards are higher than most and charlie ( the owner ) and his crew came back to put extra padding below the carpet so there would n't be a gap between the baseboard and carpet . lastly , during our move in , the movers got some dirt on the carpet ( bound to happen ) - i called gina and she ordered me wool only carpet cleaner . they are a great , honest staff to deal with . as long as the carpet you want is in stock you can have it installed next day ! highly recommend checking this place out . they have a lot to choose from and they will cut samples for you right there which was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited 5 different carpet stores and got a variety of quotes . all out of my price range . not to mention how long the process was . i finally saw carpet discount warehouse advertised on tv . and checked them out . michael was my sales rep and he was very knowledgeable . i did have a idea what i wanted and a estimate on square footage when i stopped in . michael showed me three options similar to what i wanted and helped me pick out the pad . he made the process so simple . none of this back and forth other stores put you through . they were very thorough and professional . and the installation was top notch . all in all i am so happy . i got a top of the line carpet and pad with excellent installation just under my budget . i could'nt be happier . its always good to check around . but bottom line is this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are truly happy with our decision to purchase our new carpet from discount carpet warehouse . this selection was a very important part of our whole house remodel . we looked at all types of flooring for our upstairs . we settled on carpet , then started the search for a vendor we felt comfortable with . i stopped in on several retail outlets and of course the big box stores . discount carpet was one of the first places i shopped , after 3 months of comparison i still could n't beat the consultation , concern for our needs and the price we were quoted by discount carpet . israel was our consultation , patient and we 'll informed . israel came out and measured our upstairs at no charge . we worked well together through the entire process . from start to finish it was a great experience , we 've already recommended them to friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drove across town to get to this place and what a massive disappointment . i called before coming to make sure they could meet my request which they made it sound like they could . when i walked in i worked with the guy i spoke with on the phone . he told me several times , `` i 'm sorry , i do n't follow '' when my directions were very clear and written out on a piece of paper . in addition he told me i 'd have to come back when the owner was there because he just was n't sure if they could do it . after telling him what kind of carpet i wanted , he started showing me all different color and sizes . very odd . wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the selection at discount carpet warehouse was amazing . mr. bob respected my budget and was most helpful . the install was quick and most professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "welcome to american gluttony . breakfast buffet for $ 10 . typical breakfast food and omelette station . everything was fine and food was above average . scone and croissant were nice and not too dry . service somewhat slow for drinks but waitress was really nice towards the end . waited in line to get in the buffet and it was n't busy . bathroom on this floor was not a tidy and clean as i 'm used to . i 'd come back especially after all night at the poker room . i 'll review again when i come back for lunch and dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "being from the buffalo area , we have the seneca niagara casino and if you 've been there , you know how bangin ' that buffet is . i mean it is gigantic and i did n't realize how great it was until i left the area and visited other buffets . i came to this buffet with a group of friends on a weekend and was excited for the buffet style dinner , so i can eat till i literally fall asleep . unfortunately , that was n't the case . the food was bland , and they did have enough options i suppose but the quality was n't there for the price . the six of us probably ate just one plate each . you do n't even get close quality to what you paid for . i could n't help but think the entire time how awesome our buffet at the casino in niagara falls . as much as i wanted to like this place going in , i just could n't . i would not come back here unfortunately .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dinner buffet during the week is 23.99 with rewards card . why do i feel ripped off ? the food is average at best . what irks me is tipping the waiter for bringing me a glass of tea and clearing my table when i am done . if you are hungry either go outside the casino and eat or go to the food court . you 'll save money ... .the food leaves you unsatisified .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty solid buffet , but they are making you pay for it . it 's probably one of the best buffets in cleveland , and they do have some choice options , but still , nothing is truly fantastic , and when i 'm shelling that kind of money , i 'd prefer to do it on something really good . the rack of lamb was close , but that was it . for brunch they had smoke salmon , which was nice . everything else was just good `` for a buffet '' which you 'd expect with that kind of price ... if you are really hungry and feel like eating pounds and pounds of food , and are to picky for a standard buffet , this is your spot . if you just want a nice meal and are willing to pay , there are better options", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this buffet has managed to go from one of the premier dining experiences to one of disappointment . it 's been a few months since i 've been here , but i 've eaten at the buffet several times since opening . i was blown away by the filth on the warming tables and the lack of caring by most of the workers . i remember the chefs being very warm and inviting . the rest of the staff would work diligently to make sure we had a pleasant experience . this is n't the case anymore . we waited 45 minutes to get in on a monday . many of the dishes were empty as we walked around . perhaps they were severely under staffed at the time we dined . on a good note , our waiter was helpful and kept our drinks refilled .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "depending on what you choose , a five star or one star review could be fair . be wise at the buffet and you 'll be rewarded . scout carefully . choose things that turn quickly or things that can handle a steam tray well . lots of hits and misses , but is n't that true of any buffet ? i docked stars for the misses , but i 've been able to find enough here that i 'll be delighted to return to test my selecting talents some other time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the cost was a little high ( at least i thought for a buffet ) , the wait and organization sub-par ( we had several shameless people cut in front of us multiple times while waiting to be seated ) , but it was the after effect that gives `` the spread buffet '' its rating . all i want to say is that both my wife and i wish that the food stuck around a little longer . we had to leave the casino earlier than expected due to the foods desire to vacate our bodies in a most unexpected and undesirable method . maybe it was karma from my , `` binge and purge '' joke before we were seated , or my `` i look forward to gaining back the 10lbs i just lost , '' joke . whichever it was , we did save money on the laxatives that we would have never bought .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has gone downhill . the food does not seem fresh and the service is horrible . even the cashier michelle had no idea what she was doing . completely took nondiamond members over diamond members . i really hope that the casino works to improve this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the casino has to make high margins , right ? the food quality here is a half-step above food service quality . translation : skip it . you are paying for access to ridiculous amounts of less than mediocre food . meat was dry . desserts were dry and chemical tasting . gelato was more like ice milk . head upstairs to the food court for way better food like the rosemary garlic fries at b spot or even a slice of pizza from rocco & rosie 's .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we visited the buffet for the first time last night . while i believe the food was typical and what one would expect from a buffet , i was mortified at the entrance , paying , and waiting to be seated experience . i truly thought there were going to be fights over getting seated . there was zero organization to this process . i am not even complaining about the wait , however , due to the lack of organization people were yelling at each other about who was next . i think they would be well advised to remember that their customers include senior citizens and should add somewhere for them to sit while waiting to be seated . i could have enjoyed my time if i did n't feel i was going to be enveloped in a brawl over being seated and if my mom was n't in tears from the pain she was experiencing due to standing for 30 minutes . we paid $ 140.00 for four of us to eat ... that was our first time there and will be the last time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "no longer called the spread buffet . the market district buffet at the jack casino was quite a disappointment . food selection was scarce and what was there was not appetising to the eye . they charged extra for the holiday , however there was nothing extra about the food or selection . a bright spot was the gumbo soup , it was tasty . i am sure that we will find another place to eat when visiting cleveland .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "that was one of the worst buffets i have ever waisted my time going to the entire place needs help bad and i do n't think you guys have ever heard of refilling food at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awful . bloody awful . i was comped and still felt ripped off . prime rib was like my dogs chew toy . the fried chicken was ok , but little cool . salad is decent , pizza is bad . cookies are tollhouse . was n't great as horseshoe , but even worse . not sure why anyone would pay full price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is inside horseshoe casino in dtn cleve . the salad bar is 10 feet long with lots of fresh veggies and fruit . beef= prime rib and brisket . lots of chicken and cooked veggies . best turkey i ever ate in any restaurant ! chinese and italian stations with great marinara sauce and steamed broccoli . do n't go on crab leg nite unless you want to wait over an hour for a table . lots of nice desserts incl . 10 varieties of gelato . service is `` a '' 90 % of the time . my complaints : most dishes too salty and the soups are all lousy ! ! ! i miss their ny cheesecake that was wonderful , but discontinued . it 's a great buy for $ 13 from 11am-2pm and $ 22 from 5-9 or 10pm . best buy in downtown cleve !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a lot changes in a year ... had dinner here tonight ... the cocktail shrimp were gone . almost no seafood . the chef small plates were gone . the desserts were mediocre . everything that i loved and gave 5stars for ... is no longer part of the buffet . -- -- -- - my old review : i also am shocked by these poor reviews . i have been here 4 times in two years . hands down - it is the best casino buffet i have ever had ! i gave it 5 stars for a buffet . if i was giving it a regular restaurant review i would still go 4 or 4.5 stars . the cocktail shrimp are enormous and very tasty ! the small chefs plate that are available are outstanding . it 's expensive but not a bad value .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's now the market district buffet and we 've eaten there several more times since my last review . we ate dinner there yesterday and everything tasted very , very good . there was a man serving macaroni-n-cheese with your choice of items to be mixed in such as mushrooms , vegetables , ham . he was very friendly and polite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am pregnant so i may be the wrong person to review a buffet ! i thought this place was wonderful in the options of food ! ! ! ! they had tons of breakfast choices ( healthy and not so healthy ) omelet station , eggs benedict station , waffles , donuts , breads , eggs , quiches , turkey sausage , frittata , and much more . they had a pizza station , asian station , carving station , ice cream station and many more deserts ! i did n't give it five stars because the staff was horrible . need to hire some quality workers who are polite and smile .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to many casino buffets and i would say this is the worst of the bunch . when we went , there was no shrimp , no crab legs and no prime rib . they did n't even have fried chicken or a salad bar to make your own salad . pre-made salads only . i was n't a fan of the stuff i did eat either .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been there often and have tried all they offer : brunch , lunch and dinner . the selection is incredible and definitely has something for everyone . the quality of the food is absolutely great ! salads are fresh and there 's everything from veggies , fruit , fresh rolls , an array of pizzas and pastas , asian cuisine that 's irresistible , sides galore , roast beef , roast turkey , ham , pork , plenty of offerings for vegetarians and vegans ... ... .and all of it is extraordinary . the staff is friendly and professional , and none of it seems phony or lacking in any way . with family , a date , or a just-for-me getaway , i head downtown and sit an enjoy ( at my leisure ) some of the best food that 's out there ... ... .oh , and did i mention , for a very affordable price ( ? ) ... especially when you compare it to large city dining !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not believe these reviews ! we had breakfast here over the weekend and absolutely loved it ! i was taken aback with all of the options . they have different regional stations . i loved the variety of choices . they had like eight different kinds of breakfast potato . i was able to try four of them and they were delicious . i had a made to order omelet and it was so great ! what shocks me the most about these other reviews is the terrible service people talk about . i had the exact opposite experience , i talked to many of the chefs as they prepared food and found them to be absolutely delightful . i was sad when my omelet was done because i was having such a good conversation with the chef making my omelet . i would give the customer service a 100 % maybe lunch and dinner are different but i would highly suggest this place for breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't ever sit near the salad station . that 's where the kitchen door is located and the noise level , laughing and screaming and slamming plates , makes this place sound like a high school cafeteria . food is good 3.75 out of 5 , but ambience ? ! ! not again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the clubhouse is one of those establishments that simply would not be able to stay afloat anywhere except golf-mad scotland . featuring six virtual golf simulators , clubhouse also runs a restaurant and bar to service players while they 're swinging their irons . the real problem with the place though is the price : it is so expensive that the only people who might conceivably afford it are white-collar coporate peons with cash to burn . fortunately for the clubhouse there seems to be an abundance of these lurking in the surrounding office blocks who use the venue for functions and parties . for everyone else though , the price is so prohibitive ( thirty pounds for the use of one simulator for an hour on the weekend , twenty during the week ) , that unless you live and breathe golf then really you 're better off waiting for a fine afternoon and heading to the meadows .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "an indoor golf studio located at fountainbridge . this is a great idea , with a virtual indoor golf studio where you can go and play without having to worry about the weather . very popular with the afterwork crowd , and groups of people , this place gets really busy so i 'd recommend booking well in advance . close to restaurants and bars it makes for a great day or night out , and the prices are not extortionate either - generally the larger the group you go with , the cheaper the price works out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the clubhouse is located next to cargo at fountainpark . i really like this place the drinks selection is good and so is the food . this was my first visit to a golf simulator place and it didnt disappoint . the staff are very friendly and helpful explaining how to use the simulator if you are a first time user or get stuck on anything . the golf equipment for use is of a good standard too . the only drawback i see is the price as it is very expensive . i 'm sure they are busy enough charging high prices , but i know i would use it a loads more if there were more offers . great fun even for two people or even in a crowd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i were here in az on business and we were trying to find a reasonably priced placed that served breakfast before we headed back on the road to nv . this place only had a handful of reviews on yelp but i decided to give it a try anyways . this place has good food and the prices were super cheap . great place to eat if you 're on a budget .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cafe 1010 is one of the best breakfast spots in phoenix . i highly recommend getting the pancakes- they are delicious ! also , if you are on the go this is a great place to grab breakfast as take-out . they have great service here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "juan and emilio are the best ! fantastic breakfast , made to order and very affordable . been coming here for almost 4 years ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this would be me on a daily basis . http : www.youtube.com watch ? v=x-s2tlbqloc & feature=youtube_gdata_player my two vices are : 1 ) a dimly lit local where every nook and cranny has been planned to maximize comfort and cool . and 2 ) birthday cake ! the avro wonderfully fulfills both of these . whether lounging in the comfortably worn in chairs or standing at the bar to vociferously defend that of montreal album your friend hated , it 's perfect ! the fact that the wonderful bartender plays said of montreal album all the way through to get a rise out of him is just too awesome to ignore . well done , avro !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tuesdays they have live music and the 5 or 10 times i have been , it 's always been a great band . my absolute favourite part is when they pass the star wars hat after the second set plays and everyone is supposed to throw in a couple bucks for the band . the bartender even says `` just a loonie or a toonie guys , come on '' - then - if someone does n't pitch they are appropriately shamed . `` hey you , yeah ... guy averting my gaze ... what 's amatta , you do n't want to throw in a buck ? ? seriously ! '' i love it . i love it when good people shame dickheads in public . also the bands are always amazing , and keep an eye on their website for nintendo tournaments and preserve swaps . best . bar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here on a corktown pub crawl on a saturday night . love that they have drink specials from 7-9pm ( 1 2 pints for $ 2.50 ! yes ! ) happy hours on a saturday night are a rarity , so i thought this was pretty cool . as mentioned by other reviewers , the avro is quite tiny and dimly lit . kitschy decor which appeared to have some kind of retro `` aviation '' theme . upon arrival , we discovered that the bartender owner happened to be old friends with one of our group . she appeared to be managing the entire bar by herself . she explained there was no food available at the avro ( we were hungry ) but she brought over a stack of take-away menus and told us we could have food delivered to eat in the bar . pretty cool . overall , great bar and worth repeat visits . i wish i had a local hang out like this close to my pad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great little bar the avro is ! after recently remarking to a friend how the east end lacked a great local spot like those of the west end , i was emphatically directed to the avro on queen east . walking in , we were immediately greeted with a warm smile and a relaxed , comfortable environment . while small , the bar comfortably held around 25 people as the night went on . while the draught selection is limited to two beers ( organic and one other ) , the bar makes up for it with quirky character and charm . throughout the evening , there were a number of draws for free drinks , of which everyone was a part of . overall great crowd , great atmosphere and great service . i 'm positive i 'll be back time and time again to enjoy this east end gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cozy , basic and laid back bar , great to hang out in before a show at the opera house across the street . the only thing i would suggest is that the place was almost too dark . some candles would be welcome in some of the darker nooks . good music and friendly crowd ! the brief menu included some intriguing `` meat sticks '' - does this mean jerky ? i did not inquire .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing place , they 've even make a new drink from a status update i made on facebook . total go to joint , tequila caesars , peperettes , prize night , super tiny but thats kinda better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it . great conversation . blonde 's name is rachel . brunette is emily . go in and say you spotted a blue tricycle , and you get a prize .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheap beer drinks and nice cool bar ? need i say more ? 1 2 pint for $ 2.50 taxes in happy hour at the avro ca n't go wrong ... and i do n't even saturday from 7 pm to 9 pm would have be happy hour anywhere but here ? with the price , my yelp drinking buddy just order 2 and down it so fast ... i always want to tell him that those were not juice ! : ) the avro has some strange deco ... ... . a bra in the lady 's room ? ? i wonder was part of the deco or someone left it that by mistake ... ..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great space , hilarious regulars , and the best damn caesar you can get , for cheap ! love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to the avro for the first ( but not last ! ) time last week end for some late night drinks with a couple friends . i 'll definitely be back . i really loved the tiny , cozy space . and tiny it is ! it 's actually very surprising how roomy and big the bathroom was compared to the size of the bar . mill street organic on tap was a big plus for my guy friends . and delicious $ 3 birthday cake was a bonus for me : ) i also enjoyed watching the bartender dig the cake out of the back of the fridge from behind multiple orange juice cartons . i was a bit leery at that ... 'is this cake gon na be stale as an old toenail ? yuck . ' nope . it was a delight . and a sparkler topped it off . in fact , when i tried to take a pic of my yummy birthday cake and the sparkler fizzled out , he gave me a whole new sparkler for my birthday photo op . thanks ! the gin and tonics were good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "totally worth checking out ! the drinks are cheap and rachel , the owner , is an absolute doll ! i 'm a big fan of how active she is in her community by organizing interesting events in the east end such as weenie roasts , guerilla gardening , and bike rides . couple that with a cheap pint ? wicked ! the only downside is because it 's so small and popular , it 's sometimes hard to get a seat . but even when it 's packed , we 've never had poor service . and yes , the caesars are legendary .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ever since i became a yelper , i 've noticed a pattern ... i love divey bars . so of course i had to come by here to try this legendary canadian campfire shot ( it did n't disappoint ) . it 's nice and dark inside , with awesome music but quiet enough to chat . here 's where the three stars rating comes in : i thought it would be busier ? and more ... convivial ? the bartenders were super friendly and they have great beers on tap ( and sell marshmallow fluff by the spoonful ! ! ) but there was just something off for me . i will definitely try it out again , though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so , i went here for the first time last night . yes , i 'm a bit behind the times . cool place , very tiny ; we lucked out with the couch by the entrance . enjoyed this ridiculous canadian campfire shot . anyway : this place is closing down . last day is april 26th . see here for more : http : www.theavro.com theavro closing_story.html", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's the final days of this place on account of rising rents . 3 years of righteousness that will leave a mark in the hearts ( all the good ones at least ) that had a chance to tip a glass there . avro , you 'll be missed , but i 'm glad a had the chance and the honor to walk through your doors and into your warm and boozy embrace . love , shane", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is n't ms. lavigne 's avro , but maybe you 'll find a skater boy or two ( long boards only need apply ) . the avro 's traditional bar and rustic trendy furniture made from trees adds a prohibition feel without the illegality . do n't come here looking for specialty cocktails , but do visit the avro for a full bar of traditional drinks made right . the background music was just how i like it , hiptster-shazamable-rock -- but not weird high pitched man voices over a synth . do you like ordering a birthday ? well good , you ego-maniac . `` birthday cake '' is on the menu . order the cake and come out a year older , wiser and ... well ... not really , it 's a cake -- not a time machine . avro is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place got really good reviews- perhaps it was mainly from locals . the place is small and everyone looked to be having a good time . we did n't stay too long to give any more details , we felt slightly out of place . i must say the restrooms in this place are really fun and unique !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very cute little bar with a neighborino vibe and a somewhat odd and cheap menu . good place to unwind after work with a pal but would n't go there with a group . it 's the little bar that could !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a horrible health services . i have waited almost an hour for my appointment and it 's not even busy . i still waiting while i 'm making this review .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took my newborn there for his first physical . the staff was completely unprofessional . we waited for over 3 hours and we were the only people there . the doctor is completely incompetent . i knew i made a mistake when she said his circumcision was healing up nicely even though he was never circumcised . if you are thinking about going here , do n't ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is cool ! the owner does a tour and tasting , with 6 samples and a shot glass to take home is included . he is very excited about his place and products which is nice to see . i like that he cares about his products so much and you can hear it when he talks about it . they have shirts and other items to purchase , including rum of course ! if you bring your shot glass back , the sampling is free . i bought a really nice shirt that is so comfortable to wear . great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local distillery ran by some cool people this place is locally owned and operated and they make some very tasty rum . the spiced rum is some the best around . also , the white rum and the age rum are great on their own . if you pay and do the tour , you will get a shot glass and can come back at anytime for free and do the tour again all while getting the free samples each time . before you leave make sure to buy your 1 bottle per year directly from them . ( do n't let the state tax everything every time ) walk off your buzz by going to the lake or the brewery supply shop next door .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owners are super friendly and full of info ! the rum is great and frankly when it 's personally made and bottled by the owners can u expect any less ! they offer tours that take 30-40 mins , includes tasting all 4 rums and two moonshines . small place it very interesting and worth your time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in town for a packers vs panthers game in charlotte . looking for something unique and local to do i came across this place and was very pleased . short trip from downtown area . owner gives a great story about how he started and a short history about the industry and where the company is headed . coconut rum was my favorite . if it 's ever in stores in chicago , i am sure i will buy a bottle . worth checking out if in charlotte or nearby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great experience at the tasting today . very interesting learning about the beginning days and processes of making run . the owners are very knowledgeable and passionate in what they do . all the rum 's are delicious . excited to have them bringing a new touch to belmont . well worth the trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moved to charlotte this past summer and we 've been a distillery tour kick ever since , so when i saw the groupon i scooped it right up . just 15 minutes from uptown , the mrd tour is a fun weekend activity . the tour itself is n't very extensive , it lasts about 30 minutes , but it is definitely one of the more informative tours we 've taken . the owners are very kind , welcoming , down to earth , and open to answer all of your questions . in addition to taste testing 5 spirits , you are given a shot glass ( to keep ) which you can bring back at any time for more tastings . make a day of it and visit doc porter 's and great wagon road distilleries as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "embarrassing fact : i took the 3pm tour last weekend , and the 2pm tour this weekend . there were six people who signed the guestbook between my visits ... muddy river is the oldest rum distillery in the state - owned by caroline and robbie delaney . caroline gave both of our tours ( she gives the short tours ) - i 'll have to go back to hear robbie 's version of the long tour so i can know all there is to know about their rum . now that i have shot glasses from my tour & tasting last week , i can go back fo ' free and do just that ! my favorites were the queen charlotte 's aged rum and the spiced rum - i now own a bottle of each . with current abc laws , you 're allowed one bottle from the distillery per year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . we 're from california . this place was n't open when we got there but we knocked on the door and the owner opened . we got a private tour . this is a must stop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome hosts ! ! rum is full of flavor and you can feel the love put into it . enjoyed the tasting and laughing with robbie ( owner ) about north carolina history and drinking . this gem tucked near a river in belmont is worth the drive . enjoyed the old mill building converted into a distillery . i am visiting from california and would most definitely make this a must see whenever i come !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we bought a private tour as a christmas present for our friends . awesome time ! ! we went this past weekend and it was very informative , fun and awesome rum . the owners are great , very friendly and down to earth . our friends really enjoyed it ! ! hands down great experience and we are all definitely coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for a tour and tasting this past saturday . we 're so glad we did . it was an extremely interesting tour and the tasting was excellent . we could n't wait to go buy their products at the abc stores . sadly , due to nc law you ca n't just buy the product direct from the makers but its worth searching for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience . beats any winery tour i 've done hands down . good way to spend a weekend afternoon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tour was loads of fun & the rum tastings were definitely an added bonus ! robbie & caroline are super friendly ! highly recommend ... you wo n't be disappointed ! support local , check it out & convert to the good rum : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "like drinking fire . not smooth at all . even bacardi is better . cute atmosphere . but the product is n't drinkable . it taste like rubbing alcohol .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my husband and i went here for a tour tasting on a saturday afternoon . the $ 5 tour was great value . the husband and wife owners are very nice and knowledgeable of the business . very laid-back atmosphere and great liquor . the amaretto moonshine was my favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rum distillery in a warehouse in belmont along the catawba river . got to try their rum which was good . i think they will be opening a tasting room at some point . check their website for places where their rum is available . cool to have this place in belmont !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very fun and informative tour , incredibly friendly staff , a nice break from all the breweries that have sprouted up everywhere . not a far drive from charlotte at all and very worth the trip . a generous helping of tastings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a fun tour we got off groupon , the owners were informative and helpful . overall i thought thought the rum was alright , looking forward to more flavors in the future .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow . i felt like this massage was just as good , if not better than your high priced spa massage . i believe the owner did my massage and it was wonderful , i can not say enough good things about the experience . the place is very comfortable and relaxing , the massage was reasonably priced and she was very good . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i requested a deep tissue massage after a day of golfing and it was obvious that this lady does n't really know anything about massages ! ! waste of money and time ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ridiculously cute clothes , a good sale , a friendly cashier , and some truly outlet-priced items . i had to make myself stop and get out of there before i got too many teeny outfits . it would 've been sooooo easy to go hog-wild here . and this is what i 've become -- hog wild at a kids ' clothing store ? ( shakes head and mutters )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice big store with lots of clothes for babies and tots . i thought all of the stores in this mall were outlet stores , but the prices did not strike me as particularly low . i guess i 'm not really comparing apples to apples though ; i have n't shopped at a regular-priced carter 's store yet . i have purchased carter 's clothes everywhere from kohl 's to costco to ross , and i would expect to see lower prices at costco and ross in particular , but i guess i would 've expected an outlet store to have the same or lower prices . they do have regular sales , and you can use coupons on top , so i guess that 's where you 'd really start seeing some savings .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place always has super cute clothes and such a huge selection . the only negative is that is can be a bit pricey . especially for how many clothes kids go through . but right now they are having a huge sale and there are so many good deals . i found 2 outfits for $ 20 , not a bad deal at all . i would definitely recommend it to anyone in the area . they also have a great return policy . they are also very good about sending out emails when any deals are going on . go check it out ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quality carter 's children 's clothes at a huge discount . these are not the target carters knock-offs , but the real mccoy . cute , yet sturdy . there are two stores side by side , one for babies , toddlers and preschoolers , and one for school aged children . the employees were friendly and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for the lunch buffet 40 minutes before they closed - the management let us order off the normal menu but charged only buffet price . the food was deliciously prepared . saw some comments from other people about the neighborhood - it 's fine , unless you 're terrified of asiatic engineering students .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lunch and dinner buffet ! while the food is n't the greatest , the value and service ca n't be beat . we went here on a friday night to indulge in an endless supply of indian favorites . some of the selections included chicken korma , chicken tikka masala , goat curry , dal , and baingan bharta . some of the chicken dishes were off seasoning-wise . one was too salty , while another was too sweet . i was also surprised to see beef on the menu for the buffet . i tried some but was disappointed that the beef meatballs were reheated from a frozen food company . a nice perk here is the freshly made naan to go with your meal . desserts included gulab jamun , mango pudding , and kheer ( rice pudding ) . service was good and drinks were refilled as needed . the owner at the check out counter was very friendly and we had no problem redeeming a groupon that we bought . we 'll definitely be returning for the dinner buffet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this may be the only place in phx that makes their own indian sweets . that is worth a trip . they are authentic and delicious . the buffet is good and reasonably priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is pathetic place . i found hair in their sweets but owner was not surprised and just remove the hair and left sweets for other to eat . all food was stale . had stomach issue the other day . never ever go there if you like to eat hygienic food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here with a groupon ( two buffets for $ 12 ) . let me start by saying the food was good , however , imagine my surprise when we gave the cashier the groupon and we were charged an additional $ 5.50 . when i asked what the charge was for , he pointed to a very small line hidden in the middle of the terms and conditions that says `` you must purchase a food item '' . i asked is n't the buffet the food item ? cashier flat out tells me `` no , its the way they get back the price of the groupon , next time you are better off purchasing the buffet here directly- at least we give you a free soda with it '' . so without an additional food purchase ( it 's a buffet ! what additional food do i need ? ? ? ) they charge you $ 5.50 . i wo n't be back here just on principal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kohinoor cuisine of india is great place to get indian food at near tempe . they offer a lunch and dinner buffet , as well as a carry-out buffet ! additionally , they have an indian bakery which is a nice departure from the typical indian restaurants . asu students get a discount , the buffet has all the classic dishes , and you get a free mango lasse with the buffet ! my only recommendation is that they add a couple more dishes to the buffet , and are more careful when chopping up chicken as to not include bone fragments within the curries . i 'll be back next time i 'm in tempe !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "another day another indian buffet and this one is pretty good ! came on a groupon deal so total cost for 4 of us was only 32 ! they have a wide selection of foods ( about 20 in total ) with 8 meat items , 7 veggie dishes , and a number of desserts such as mango rice pudding . i enjoyed the goat curry , chicken masala , chicken tandoori as well as the vegetable samosa that they served . they 're all seasoned well and pleasing to the pallette . they also bring out fresh garlic naan to the tables and the owners are very sweet and very attentive to customers . i would definitely come back for my indian fix !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible service from the owners , the lady at the front was coming at me like she wanted to fight simply because i had a groupon . they then proceeded to tell me their groupon is worthless and should n't have been purchased . i do n't know how anyone can run a business like this ... i will never be back . horrible service paired with less than mediocre food . there are so many restaurants that are way better than this place in the same area .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a hidden gem . the service is more than friendly and the food is of the upmost quality , absolutely delicious . for $ 10 the buffet is more than worth it . i will absolutely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought by looking at the outside that it was going to be one of those restaurants that cook their food with love . i was so wrong . none of the curries taste like curry . it all taste like chicken and gravy . very bland . after one lunch buffet round we decided to wrap up our visit and the lady at the register would n't honor our restaurants.com voucher so we end up paying cash after she snatched my phone out of my hand a threatened to call the police ... her attitude was terrible . now we 're stuck with vouchers for a place we would never ever go to again . it 's a good place for a asu student looking for a cheap eat . but you definitely get what you pay for here just a heads up they pour everyone 's flat sodas from 2 liter bottles and a beer cost more then the buffet ... . terrible food and service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent food . nothing great but if your nearby and are craving indian food ... . the service was average , the place was clean tidy and empty !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the best indian buffet that i have eaten at in the entire state of az ! a wonderful , family owned business with the attention and service that most places lack . i love that they are open late and i can get a wonderful dinner at hours when most good restaurants are closed . you can also load up a plate and take it to go if you 're in a rush . i eat here at least once a week and feel so fortunate to have such an amazing indian restaurant so close to my house . do yourself a favor and eat here . bring your friends , your family , and even grab a stranger and bring them along . your mouth and stomach will thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots of choices for good indo-pakistani cuisine in the valley , but this spot stands out as the best in tempe for a number of reasons - the goat is off the chain good ; the daal almost makes me want to become a vegan ; and the naan is by far ! the best naan you will encounter in the valley . add in great guest services & a litany of desserts & snacks - this indian restaurant will make you a true believer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff here is extremely rude . they called one of their servers as being mentally ill and said she was homeless while she was cleaning up the tables .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sweets are horrible ! i used to buy sweets before but the quality has declined super bad ! . it is much much dirtier than before .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's been almost 4 years since my initial review , but kohinoor remains our favorite restaurant . sadly , we live about 30min away now but we still make the trip a couple times per month . i do n't know how they do it for the price they do , but the food is amazing . quality can depend on time of day and it is usually a little better earlier in the day or right around the dinner rush ( as with most buffets , probably ) . one note : the food here is salty . i personally love it , but could understand if that 's not your thing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all you can eat chicken masala , a quiet pleasant atmosphere , and the perfect price . this is the best indian food in the area . it 's a casual dining experience with a around 20 dishes to try at the buffet . there is a large number of vegetarian options as well . they kept the nan coming as we ate and they will keep me coming back for sure . a delicious gem right off the asu campus . ca n't wait till next time . keep an eye out for groupons if you want to save a few bucks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place ; location is perfect especially if you 're an asu student . price and overall quality of the food is fantastic . the buffet is always fully stocked and fresh . the restaurant is clean with excellent staff . the food is absolutely phenomenal ; flavor , freshness , quality , & quantity are all to be expected every time you go in . you ca n't beat the price , especially for everything you get . definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good and as usual they kept bugging us about buying a drink . water works for me ! the lady at the register was crappy and charged us for drinks even though we did n't order any . there goes your tip people . there 's plenty of indian restaurants in the area . sorry , we wo n't be back to this one anymore . you just lost 2 good customers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm always so excited when i come here to eat . the food is great , the atmosphere is awesome and i can always sit and relax and enjoy my meal when i 'm here . service is friendly and i love the sweets they have here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is coming from an indian who loves indian food . so believe me when i say the food is not good at all . we went for the sunday dinner buffet . food : they had shahi paneer , palak ( spinach ) , chole , baingan ( eggplant ) , daal , chicken korma , chicken tikka masala , tandoori chicken , chicken masala , chicken meatballs and samosa . most of the items were not refilled . the samosa was stale . the chutneys had color added to them . rice is kept in rice cookers and the rice cookers were extremely dirty . the naan that was served at the table was cold and not crisp at all . service : service was good . ambience : tables were very dirty . it is very very casual . the plates were a little dirty as well . for the price ~ $ 14 , the food was very oily , salty and did not taste authentic or good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this local tempe favorite . affordable great quality indian food . it 's not fine dining it 's just great food , great prices and a rare night time indian buffet ! this restaurant has been around longer than most tempe residents and for good reason . the owners are very friendly . my favorites were the eggplant , the spinach and the chicken tikka masala !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is wonderful , its authentic delicious indian cuisine . i 've been visiting this place for years now and i can still find plenty of reasons to go back . and it keeps getting better ; they started serving indian beers and since they made the buffet available pretty much all the time , its been better than ever : ) ive taken many friends and family to eat here and they all love it too ! the owners are also lovely people . all around great experience . also.. the naan is amazing , you 're almost guaranteed to have more than one basket !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best indian food in town . love this place . the staff treats you as if you were invited to their home for dinner . they always treat our kids with mango smoothies and desserts to keep them happy while me and the wife enjoy our lunch . the fresh naan is the best i believe i have had and keeps coming throughout your meal . and you ca n't beat the prices . this place is a true tempe treasure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we tried this restaurant today because of it 's consistently perfect health department ratings . the restaurant was in fact immaculate , and the food very tasty and authentic . the service was friendly , prompt and and helpful . we were pleased and will return and tell our friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best restaurant to eat at for both vegetarian people and meat lovers ! they have lots of delicious indian food to choose from ! eat all you want for 1 price ! the food is kept hot and fresh on the buffet all day . the owners love to conversate with customers every time we stop in for dinner they always greet us and provide a friendly atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "samosas were really good.. tandoori chicken was ok and desserts were not that good.. decent indian restaurants", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great authentic food with excellent service . terrific value . we loved the amount of choices on the buffet . clean !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moved to the area from san diego and found a deal on living social . the majority of the dishes were way to spicy ( and i love spicy food ) and the naan which i thought was included in the buffet was soggy . when i told the cashier he could n't of cared less he just wanted my credit card . most of the good reviews must be local students who do n't know any better and no other options are close . wo n't be coming back !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "more variety than most lunch buffets , economically priced , and best of all - delicious ! every thing tasted like it was made fresh from good ingredients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a groupon for $ 11 and came here for the dinner buffet . my husband and i were not impressed . first i have to preface by saying i do n't know much about indian food . my husband and i prefer a couple restaurants closer to us , closer to chandler . the food here was way too salty and bland . i tried the desserts and they were way to sweet and i have a sweet tooth ! we will probably not come back here even though the cashier gave us a coupon and mentioned that there is another coupon on living social .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had the lunch buffet . great selection , great quality , wonderful service . quiet , relaxed atmosphere , and you ca n't beat the buffet price ( $ 7.99 ) . will definitely come here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place and really nice owners ! the chaat and dessert sweets are just awesome . however , too many times overcharging errors leave a bad taste .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had been going to the same indian restaurant for a while but i recently moved and decided to check out something new . it 's an indian buffet , which in my opinion is the only way to eat indian food , but the setup of the buffet was a little weird and sadly , the food was hit and miss . they had the plates next to the dessert and then it worked backwards . there were a few rice cookers sitting here and there . i felt like quite a few of the dishes were rather bland , which i did n't know was possible for indian food . however , on the flip side of that coin they had one dish that may be the best curry dish i 've ever had . they also had good service . our water glasses were never empty . one suggestion i would make is serve garlic naan : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't let the look of the area and inside scare you off . it 's a family owned , authentic indian buffet and the food is great . this place is a small and somewhat hidden gem . if you like indian food and do n't want to pay what most places charge , this may be a good option for you . limited buffet but all the favorites and they 're tasty ! i 'll be going back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really love this place . i have gone to a few other indian restaurants nearby but this one is my favorite . great service always the same faces working when i go there . i 'm new to indian food but their buffet is great . definitely my new comfort food . my weekly spot . family friendly and they have great beers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is pretty good , one of the better currys i 've had in america . service and ambiance fine , you know what you are going to get when you pull up outside the strip mall . update : been for a second time since , food was better , not sure if we caught it on an off day the first time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have an all day and night buffet weekly ! so much flavor , some can be pretty spicy but so good ! no pakora but delicious samosas ! ! their garlic naan is delicious and comes with the buffet . we usually leave overly full but crave to return weekly . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't listen to the bad reviews , the food is excellent , service is spot on , and prices are cheap . best indian food in tempe no doubt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased a groupon so long ago that expired , but wanted to still try this place and not lose my $ 10 . omg it totally rocked today . seldom do i give 5 stars , but this was so much better than other indian restaurants that we tried . we had the lunch buffet and were actually waiting for them to open at 11:30 . every dish we tried was better than the previous . there was nothing that i would not have enjoyed seconds except the chickpea dish was a bit too hot for me ( wimp ) . naan was hot and thin so it was great addition to the meal . loved the spinach dish and the samosa had a flaky crust and was one of the best i 've had . the chicken norma was both our favorites and the sweet rice pudding was perfect ending . the server was attentive and kept my tea refilled and our plates cleared . definitely planning a return trip and looking forward to enjoying the dinner buffet too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to experience various indian dishes . the buffet is well kept and of good variation . the servers are always friendly and quick to refill drinks etc . the owner is always at the check out and routinely visits to check all is well and is quick to offer up recommendations . good value .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is legit ! coming from oc socal , i 've eaten at many indian restaurants . this is absolutely one of the best -- if not , the best -- indian buffet i 've enjoyed . the staff was great as well . keep it up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "authentic and really good . we will be back for the buffet for sure . a little quirky but lovely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good : - service , very friendly owners - snacks and sweets - fresh and to die for - decor ok : - price - taste - not so great , but not bad - samosas - the filling inside is just boiled potatoes , not spiced correctly - parking is very limited bad : - food quality - freshness ( seems like reheated food )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered carry-out from here tonight . food was excellent ! i ordered it medium and they spiced it perfectly . malai kofta and aloo palak were delicious . i will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there last week , they have a new dinner buffet . it cost me around $ 9 and oh boy it was a steal ! they had so much variety of stuff to choose from , lamb , chilli chicken , korma , veggie dishes too ... it was awesome ! i 'm going to go again tonight , this review thing is making me crave some tikka masala ! the service was good ! it 's like family owned so they welcomed me with love every time i come in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will seriously recommend this place to everyone . it is one of the good place to eat india food . best is the owner of this place who takes care of everyone with full warmth . definitely try papdi chaat & lassi which is a part of buffet . i definitely say these two items are worth the price of the whole buffet and rest of things look complimentary . the ambience & outlook is simple but who cares about that we want good food and thats what you will get once you go to this place . there is no harm for trying it once and do n't forget to order papdi chaat and sweet mango lassi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is great ! the amount of options are great ! the people are great ! the vibe is great ! and the price is right ! you must make sure to try this place for a cozy , quaint , and yummy hidden gem in tempe ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful place . this is the best indian restaurant i have eaten at . period . my family and i stopped here for dinner on our way to sedona . we loved the food so much we changed our return route from grand canyon , just to eat here . its wonderful food and the people are truly generous and lovely . you will love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious , authentic food with great portions ! friendly service and full bar ! more than satisfied with our shared options of veggie samosas , naan ( a whole page of naan options ) , masalas , paneer , and veggie options ! strip mall from the outside but quaint and comfortable on the inside ! worthwhile !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best indian food in phoenix my friends . their menu is great , but i always load up at the buffet . their shai paneer , palk sag , and channa masala are just a few dishes that rule the desert . if you appreciate authentic indian cuisine and great service , this is where you get down . you can thank me by treating me to some kohinoor somosa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is very vegan friendly . both times ive eaten here the owner and the server gave me a tour of the buffet and explicitly pointed out the items which were meat and dairy free . they also made naan without butter for me . my girlfriend enjoyed all of the dishes she sampled and they were not all vegan . it os also important to mention that the quality of the food was really nice and the buffet had lots of steam pouring fron it , which indicates to me that health standards are important . i will eat here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you blink you 'll miss it and you 'll kick yourself if you do . mom and pop restaurant with very friendly owners ( owner gave homless man two togo containers of food for nothing even though he offered her 5 $ ) and very friendly wait staff . its a small buffet but is so good , you wo n't even care . had a groupon and the owner gave me a discount card that is cheaper then groupon for next time and there will be a next time . the only con is the crowd of young adults that have nothing better to do then hang out in the mini marts parking lot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for lunch and indian buffet . good selection of food and great tasting , good price and very good service will be going back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went her with my friend as we tried a new place , he 'd been before . to say i am not one for hot spicy food so i got the milder stuff but the chicken was delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is one of its kind.the food served in the restaurant is very delicious and fresh.i love their samosas , garlic naaan and all the curries ( paneer , bhindi , channa , palak ) .it makes me feel like being in india . the owners of the restaurant and the people working are very friendly .the chat and mango lassi are very very tasty.i have been to this restaurant many times in the last few months.every visit is better than before..i highly recommend this restaurant to all the people who are looking forward to authentic indian food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for a buffet this place was so good . super friendly service , beautiful place and spicy indian food . good price too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is friendly enough..drs are quick and dont really listen or ask any questions ... ive changed drs since my last visit and am very happy . i had an appt that i had rescheduled here and they keep sending and will not stop sending a letter asking me to pay for a missed visit when i called to cancel a week before . found a way better dr ... little better to drive but at least i feel like im getting the customer service i deserve ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i mean dr. william larsen 's place . not just so close to my house , the staff are so friendly , considerate and passionate . i rarely visit doctors ' office and hard to find a good one in charlotte , nevertheless , my previous insurance did not refer me to this place but gave me a couple that i had never had a treatment as i got lost in downtown or i could not find the place . four years ago , my son got a physical for college entrance and we accidentally went to dr. larsen 's office . like them . early this year , i had a serious chest infection , got an appointment quick and had that fixed fast . then my boyfriend was referred by insurance to other place that he could hardly find . after checking he could go to dr. larsen , my boyfriend was so happy with their service . i just got my physical quick appointment with no hassle and check up the following day . good place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm leaving charlotte and dreading finding a new doctor because dr. larsen has been a fantastic doctor for the past 2 years . making an appointment is easy , the staff is fantastic . dr. larsen takes his time and answers questions . he 's correctly addressed any medical issue i 've had . in addition , if relevant for you , he 's lgbt-friendly ( i found him on the gay and lesbian medical association ) . i ca n't speak to the abilities of the female doctor there , whose name escapes me , but larsen is gold !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although much farther away from my work or home than my previous doctor in charlotte , the extra drive to northwest family physicians is always worth it ( if i leave on time and do n't get caught behind any school buses on the way ) . dr. william larsen was recommended to me and i 'm glad i switched my primary care to him . i receive such great care from dr. larsen and i feel comfortable talking to him openly and honestly . best of all , he does n't rush in and out of the room . he takes the time to sit and listen to you to understand everything that may be affecting your current symptoms . the staff has always been great , too . doctor appointments are usually last-minute things for me ( because i 'm dying or something ) and they can always get me in when it 's convenient for me . i appreciate that and that says a lot about their service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see dr. norton as a primary physician . i really like her ! i am a 28 y o healthy female , and each time i go to the office i do n't have to wait long , the pas are really nice as are the front desk girls . they accept my health insurance too . i have never waited longer than 5 minutes to see the doc . i make appointments via their website , but calling them is great too . i am given plenty of reminder notifications for upcoming appointments as well . the nurse asked verified with my the reason for my visit , ( 6 16 ) and dr norton asked if there was anything else she could help me with after we had covered the reason for my visit . i had a question that came up then , and her answer was very enlightening . i will continue to see dr. norton in charlotte . i think she is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantasic and very friendly staff ! the best in charlotte hands down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am truly disappointed in the visit i had . i 've been looking for a primary doctor for some time , it took me a lot of courage to even start shopping for doctors because i suffer from anxiety and doctors offices make me nervous . i finally got an appointment with dr. norton and neither the reception desk , nurse or the doctor herself asked me the purpose of my visit . i had a few things i wanted to discuss with the physician and she did n't even give me the opportunity or ask me if i had questions . the only thing i was able to articulate before being interrupted was that i would like to try a new allergy medicine , which dr. norton prescribed me and when i went to the pharmacy they told me my insurance did n't even cover the medicine she prescribed . i am incredibly frustrated with my entire day off that i took to go see this doctor and i definitely will not be returning for any reason .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "northwest family physicians is the best ! i have been going there for about 10 years or more . incredible service all around . dr. larsen is my favorite physician ever . he is very personable , friendly , and professional - - and even in these fast times , always takes time to listen intently to every concern ( even if i have a list ) without judgement - a model for all doctors to follow and live up to . he 's very logical and thorough , so i know there is no stone left unturned . and it 's always clear during these discussions that he is up-to-date on the latest in medicine . i moved to durham , nc , over a year ago and he 's still my primary physician ! would n't have it any other way ! dr. larsen 's nurses are also great - friendly , professional , and very attentive ( wo n't name names - do n't want to miss anyone ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing staff and doctor . i 've been seeing dr. larsen for years and trust his diagnosis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this practice ! i have to admit , given the area , i was a bit weary . however , from the ladies at the front desk upon check in , to the nurse , to dr. norton , everyone was very customer service oriented , personable and professional . from check in time to being seen , was a total of 15 minutes and i appreciate that i was thoroughly explained to , the process of logging in to the patient websites to view medical records . also , in being seen , i was not rushed or made to think my questions were irrelevant . overall , i was very thankful that i gave this practice a try and will continue to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been seeing dr. larsen for more than 6 years . i can not begin to tell you how happy i am with his practice . i manage a medical practice of my own and belive me i know how difficult it can be to provice quality care and good customer service . the have accomplished it every visit . wait times are always a possiblity in a medical facility , but they have never been an issue with dr. larsen ( usually 5-15 minutes ) . dr. larson is extremely personal and professional . i never feel like a number with him or his staff . he has gone out of his way to make sure i 've gotten the care i needed , even when i had a lapse in insurance coverage . his office is 20 minutes from my home and 45 minutes from my work . i gladly drive there and will continue to do so .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very expensive , $ 189 week for 5 days worth of meals . for that price , i 'd better be getting large portions of steak and lobster . i could swing $ 100 week as it would replace 90 % of my groceries , but when you start creeping up to nearly $ 200 a week and almost $ 800 a month for 5 days worth of meals , the value just goes down . neat idea though , not very practical .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the people who work there are very nice , helpful and knowledgeable . the food is n't powdery , not sure what the last review was talking about . never had anything dry or lacking in quality . it is pretty pricey but if it 's what works for you , you ca n't put money on health until you 're in the hospital or on medications .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the customer service was great , but the food is n't worth the price at all . the meats seem to be very dry and all the food is powdery tasting . the meals seem to lack the required nutrients needed to maintain a healthy balance . its great if you dont like to cook and do want to begin meal prep and like i said the sales associates are super helpful .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place ! wish i had money to buy franchise . simple , neat and clean space and eating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer service was thumbs down for me . i walked in on a pretty slow day and not one person spoke to me until i walked out . i love johnny was clothing and have bought several pieces over the years from the other locations . i guess i will be sticking with my newport store for now .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure where to even begin but let me preface by saying that i have a teenage daughter with special needs and a very short attention span and shopping can be difficult at best . i took my mom to scottsdale today to shop ( we live in sedona ) and it was by far the best shopping experience we have ever had with my daughter . kristen and the other gal ( sorry i ca n't remember her name ) were so kind and attentive to my daughter . i have never had an experience before where she was treated so kindly and with so much respect . i already own lot 's of johnny was items and my mother and i spent quite a bit today , but we will make sure to come back again and again . absolutely made my day , thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received five star customer service store manager brittany and staff were incredible . i had so much fun shopping and styling outfits . the johnny was line offers superb style experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know somebody there that adds piss to the frying oil randomly haha he does n't like the boss i 'll just buy my chicken at loblaws ... ..thank you = )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the fries were the saving grace of my chicken-rib combo , the chicken and ribs were so dry they must have precooked it and kept it under a heat lamp for hours or stuck it in the microwave . there was another table in the empty restaurant who we could hear complaining about this very thing . the ribs were so completely lacking in flavor i had to smother them in extra bbq sauce . i only feel bad for the servers working here who have to defend this lazy kitchen", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best looking swiss chalet ! great food and service . we got back regularly . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was very friendly . ordered the burger d cheese and bacon meal with fries . everything tasted very good and was well worth to reasonable price . will visit again and would recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favourite location for takeout . they are so efficient and always get my order right . the quality of the food is excellent as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the nicest swiss chalet i 've been into- well lit , nice decor . once i walked in there was a chef talking to the customers so that 's one impressive sign . manager gave me a the spc deal for free app even though they do n't accept it anymore . coconut shrimp was amazing . better than frozen ones i 've had in other restaurants . the wait was a little long , they were low on chicken . i did n't made the wait , it just means i 'm getting it fresh ! quality of food is impressive . service is a little slow tho", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the better swiss chalet i 've been to . service was fast , efficient and nice . even the manager was walking around and helping . will come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a renter and my landlord chose this company . i had some bathroom sinks leaking and a kitchen faucet that needed to be replaced . this is the first time i had to work with jack dish plumbing and i was very happy . jack dish plumbing was very friendly and they gave a reasonable window of time to do the repairs . i really like how they called before they arrived . repairs were completed in a timely manner . i 'm not sure how much the repairs cost , since my landlord paid , but i would highly recommend the service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the entire experience with jack dish plumbing was great . setting up an appointment was simple and convenient . they were even able to accommodate a saturday morning . ryan called ahead , arrived on time , was professional , performed the work , and cleaned up . all the invoicing is electronic and super easy . i even set up a second appointment to have a defective kitchen faucet replaced the following saturday . i would recommend this team without hesitation . nice to know there are still some solid trades around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a new plumber after discovering lots of problems with work done by a previous plumber . i found jack dish plumbing on yelp . i called the office and jennifer was nice , efficient , called back promptly as she promised ! so far so good ! ! she scheduled dave to come out within a day or so ( i did not have any urgent plumbing problems ) . dave arrived at the appointed time ( well within the 2 hour window ) was super nice , explained things to me in plain english ( i.e. , no technical jargon ) , and got busy on my projects . within a few hours he had completed everything and i was ( and i still am ) confident that all has been done correctly . my only regret is that i did n't find dave and jack dish plumbing in the first place ! these guys are honest and do a great job ! i will only be using them in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called jack dish plumbing because i had success with them years ago when they beat the pants off of another quote i received for a sink installation . this time , i had a leak somewhere in my house as my water bill increased each month . the leak was n't easy to find . they checked different lines , and finally figured out how the plumbing was routed in the walls and underground . they isolated the leak to somewhere between my sidewalk meter and the house , but it was n't my outside main line . since they now knew how the pipes were routed , they thought of the best way to reroute the water and did so . the work took place over the course of two days , and was very reasonably priced . everyone who was here was very neat with their work . the only thing that was different when they left on day 2 , was my water meter was no longer showing a leak ! thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "david came yesterday for a plumbing job ... and we were quite impressed , as he was polite , knowledgeable , fast , and really solved our dilemma easily . i would highly recommend this company for any plumbing concern . and reasonable too ! ! ! ! ! this is my second review for jack dish company . this family is great . joey came and installed the kitchen faucet . very efficient and polite too . definitely will hire them again ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best and kindest plumbing company , workers and office staff ever ! ! ! they were professional , honest and showed up when they said they were going to ! ! no time waisted , just came in and politely asked questions to get an idea of whats going on..next thing you know im told what it is and it was fixed right on the spot ! ! ! ! ! awesome company all around ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company was recommended to me by a co-worker and they were great . showed up on time , called 20 min ahead , professional and courteous . i needed a vanity installed that had been leaking and they replaced the valves , put the vanity together and secured it in about an hour . unfortunately the light in the bathroom was broken and they had to work with just their small work light but it did n't hinder the outcome . i will definitely be recommending their services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called jack dish plumbing after reading all of the excellent reviews on yelp . they were outstanding ! my guest bathroom has had an intermittent clogging problem since i bought this new house . i was having a halloween party and needed to be sure that this toilet was in working order . david from jack dish arrived promptly at 800 am as promised . the clogging problem turned out to be more troublesome than anticipated , causing him to have to remove and replace the toilet . david knew i was having a party the next night and he went above and beyond to have the job completed the same afternoon and at a very reasonable price . will use them again and will highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a leak in an anti-siphon valve . he was able to give me an estimate after texting a picture of the leak . came the next day , promptly at his scheduled time . did the work beautifully and it now looks better than before the leak . his price was equal to the estimate and job was done in less than 30 minutes . he also suggested putting a blanket over the entire pipe assembly during freezes due to the exposure . i will definitely use him again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called the office and spoke with erin about a leaking anti siphon valve . she asked me to take a picture of the valve and forward to her . she called right back to schedule an appointment . dan and his partner came out a couple hours later and replaced the valve . the work was quick and well done . price was very reasonable . will definitely use this company in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a leak in our courtyard faucet . on the recommendation of a friend we called jack dish plumbing . we set up a date & time window , joey arrived exactly on time . he assessed the situation but needed a part . the job was pushed to the next day , since it was not an emergency situation . trey came exactly on time the next day , he worked steadily until the faucet was repaired . trey was professional , knowledgeable & timely in getting the job done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dan was great . i have used jack dish plumbing several times . they are always on time and their prices are much more reasonable than others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a small job , but they were able to squeeze me in on short notice , and the guys were quick , clean , professional and courteous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible . i have never met a ruder person in my life ! he would not did not fix any of the problems , in fact he was so rude that i had to ask him to leave . he left the hose on in the backyard and the whole patio was flooded ! irresponsible , belligerent and nasty . if you want a good plumber , call pro serve ( 656-4500 ) . they came by the next day and everything was perfect .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the technician called us & gave us heads up he was on his way . snaked our clogged toilet in few minutes , reasonable price . very satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pleased with their service . the only thing is that they do n't respond to my messages promptly . if you get them on the phone , then you are in luck . otherwise keep calling . dave is very helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just want to give a shout out to jennifer , who is so pleasant on the phone ! she is professional , friendly , knowledgeable and goes out of her way to try to accommodate customers . she deserves five stars ! i had an emergency plumbing issue today and jennifer found a way to fit me in ! dan came out an hour later and fixed the problem within 15 min ! he has come out before and is always able to solve the problem quickly , efficiently and never leaves a mess ! it 's also nice to see the same person . i have been using jack dish for a few years now and have never been disappointed . they do n't try to price gouge you , their plumbers are very professional and thorough . will be using them for all our plumbing needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend . we found jack dish plumbing through yelp , and can not say enough good things ! we had them remove our old sink , faucet , disposal and ro system , then install our new sink , faucet and disposal . they were professional , honest , and fast . most importantly , our sink looks and works great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i kept seeing their van in my neighborhood and finally called myself . it was sunday morning , they returned my vm within 10 minutes and arrived within 20 . fixed the handle that had fallen off the shower causing the water to run incessantly . great response time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time we have used jack dish plumbing ; once for toilet fixture installation and once for emergency repair of hot water tank leak . both times our service rep was ryan . we were extremely satisfied with the workmanship , courtesy & even the pricing . we highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tech was running late so i received a call from the company 's very pleasant office worker to let me know . ryan was very nice , removed his shoes on his own and did a great job repairing my toilet tank . i would definitely use jack dish plumbing again if ever i need a plumber . thanks , ryan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jack dish plumbing did a great job . making an appointment was easy , they were able to work within my schedule . the plumber was right on time and called first . work was done quickly and professionally . they also provided a quote before the work began and the ending price was less than the quote . the only thoughts i could think of for improvement is that i initially requested service through their web site . i did not get a call back from that . i also thought the cost of the service was a little high but my experience with this is limited and it may have been right on . just my feeling .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just moved to the area and had problems with toilets in house . called jack dash plumbing because of positive reviews . they sent david out same day within a few hours of my calling and he fixed all the problems quickly ! very professional and polite ! they will be my permanent plumber ! i am highly recommending them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast service , super nice guy . i had a plumber prior to him come out that wanted me to recreate water damage that had been dried out . i called this company for a second opinion . he came out and assessed the problem right away and fix my leak problem without having me damage my home again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called these guys on the advice of a friend that works in property management . they showed up right away . explained what went wrong and gave me a reasonable price to fix it . i would use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a very helpful , and knowledgeable company ! they fixed several plumbing issues in my house and were very friendly . i highly recommend them to anyone who appreciates great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jack dish service is always professional , they 're very knowledgeable on all phases of plumbing and do n't quit until problem is resolved", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this company . they do n't always answer the phone but they do always respond to my message w in a day . unfortunately , we had to call a plumber twice this year ( leak under our sidewalk and no hot water out of our shower ) . dan ( love the elvis chops btw ) made fair estimates on both occasions , for time and cost . i appreciate that dan twice gave me his expert opinion ( which turned out to be spot on ) but also did n't sugar coat nor over-promise . dan was also timely , very polite and cleaned up after his work was complete . i hope i do n't have to call them again but will for any future plumbing drama .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible ! ! showed up to install a prv . he walked around my home 3 times , did n't trip over the main water line ( could n't find it ) , stated he did n't have the tools to do the job , and gave me bill for $ 50 . i 'm thinking , he 's a plumber that ca n't find the water line to my home . when i told him $ 50 seemed a little much for nothing , he argued with me for 20 minutes saying the $ 50 is for the `` service '' call , and was doing me a favor by dropping the price from the usual $ 110 . i 'm still confused to what `` service '' he gave me . paid him $ 50 to leave . what an unprofessional hack . if your job is n't `` easy money '' , do n't call jack , he 'll charge you even if he ca n't do the plumbing work . called pure plumbing , they give free ( not $ 50 ) estimates .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've had these guys do about 5 jobs on my house . they are always honest and reliable , that 's why i keep calling them back whenever i need a job done . i had a big problem a year ago and had other companies come out to give me a quote and they were all over $ 3,000 , i called jack dish and they told me what the real problem was and got it done for under $ 1,000 . i wo n't call anyone else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "will definitely use them again . had a leak in my back yard . dave came by sooner than later and fixed the problem . very nice and knew exactly what needed to be done . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a good experience . no one like calling a plumber unless they have too . jack dish plumbing always answers the phone promptly , sets an appointment and show up on time . prices are reasonable and they are always polite and do the job right . i have used them on 3 separate occasions and i have always had a good experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they raise the price after they hold your water hostage i had jack dish plumbing install an anti-siphon valve at my house . i would n't say the work was shoddy but the tape that they put over the insulating foam is already coming off and he only put it on eight hours ago .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent service . jay took the time on the phone answer all my questions and educate me on water heaters as i 've never had to get one replaced before . i called several times throughout the day for different reasons and only got a machine once . he was willing to get me scheduled same day if possible , but i wanted to wait a few days for the base to dry out first . dan showed up on time , was fast , friendly and professional . he explained all the pipes to me and answered all my questions . i feel confident i got the best service possible for a purchase i knew little about . price was in line with what i expected to pay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jack dish plumbing is the best ! they arrived in the designated time ! fixed my plumbing issue quickly and efficiently . price quoted was fair . these are my go-to guys from now on ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was very happy with the service and the job performed . i was scheduled between 11am and 1pm . the plumber arrived on time and did his job . he was pleasant , clean and curtious . will use them again for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received a referral from a friend for a water leak in showing through our garage ceiling . when i called , they answered and informed me their crew had finished a job and could be at my house within the hour . dave and trey ( i think ) showed up and got right to work . they were professional and thorough - thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love jack dish ! joey was so very helpful ( above and beyond ) . please support local business because they will take care of you above any corporation ! trust me ! love you guys ! yay jack dish !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the plumber david was very professional and knowledgeable . he did a great job replacing the kitchen faucet , dual outlet valve and have n't tried selling anything i do n't need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jack dish plumbing is the best ! they were recommended to me by a friend when i needed a plumber a few years ago and i 've used them several times since . they are always friendly , courteous and have always done an exceptional job - from the smallest of issues to larger problems . they are my plumber for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time contacting jackdish , initially by email then by phone . christin , the schedule is very accommodating with the schedule . dan came and fixed our fixable plumbing problems . very nice guy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best of the best ! i was having an issue with a water line not getting any water and jack came and fixed it like new ! they did a great job , and i will not call anyone else for any plumbing issues other than jack dish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally ! a good honest family business with excellent customer service . jennifer , who was the 1st contact answered my questions and helped with my busy schedule to fit us in david came out and fixed our problems and was so professional efficient nice . answered questions for possible future 'jobs ' we r interested in . never tried to 'up sell ' or do more . give them a call . - if you need a good plumber ! laurel b", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a leak in a sink drain upstairs that had leaked into my downstairs living room . jack dish plumbing sent out david who found the leak and fixed it right away . these guys are awesome and friendly ! no surprises with them . honest upfront pricing and very knowledgable . i will definitely use them again in the future and i highly recommend anyone to use them . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are wonderful they were able to get my situation handled within a couple of hours from my call for help . very professional and friendly . i will call them again when i need them . great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time i 've used jack dish and my second experience was somehow even better than the first ! they were so responsive and helpful today in resolving my issue that i would n't hesitate to use or recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on a sunday , we had a major failure on the main valve going into the home from our water heater . i got jack 's name from angie 's list , called the number and jack answered . he was at our home within the hour . he is most professional , knowledgeable and friendly . he quickly and efficiently remedied our situation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company was out at my house within 3 hours of my call . they went above and beyond to get me a working sink . their technician was at my house until 7:30pm which was a true indication of superb service . i highly recommend joey , dan and the rest of their team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called these plumber because a friend used them . jack was prompt in returning my call and scheduling an appointment . he arrived as scheduled , worked efficiently and the price was very reasonable . i received a quote from my contracted plumbing company and it was almost $ 200 more ! ! i will definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super nice people who go out of their way to help you . they also do n't try to sell you something that you do n't need . the owner is the one who helped me and the price was reasonable and the service was fast . my toilet is now working great and i have no complaints !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely pleasant experience . had to have a plumber fix another persons poor work . he was awesome jumping right in and figuring out the issue . then , i asked him to fix my teens drain and he did so swift and quickly . he then assist with the master shower which was installed upside down . he was amazing and appreciated so much ! best money i spent all week . highly recommend this company . thank you so much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prompt , fair and did the job , thats all you can ask of a plumber really . they came right away , did the job , came back when they said they would which is amazing to me . the prices were a little more than most but the promptness was worth it . they were friendly and i think its a family business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we called and left a voicemail for jack dish plumbing over 2 weeks ago to schedule the purchase and installation of a garbage disposal and never received a call back at all . so we just purchased a garbage disposal on amazon because jack dish plumbing was listed as a provider and like here on yelp , has great reviews . our purchase included the price for the installation , as we were able to enter our zip code and an installation cost was provided and added to the order . but we just received a call from erin in their office saying they do n't provide service to boulder city , nevada -- even though they are listed as a provider for that area on amazon -- so we would need to go back to amazon and cancel the order . very frustrating to have both left a message they did n't both to respond to and then to have been able to purchase their services on amazon , only to get a call that they do n't honor their listed amazon service areas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's like fantastic sam 's except that it 's supercuts . i appreciate the friendly prices . i have very long and thick hair , any other salon wants to charge me an arm and a leg to wash , cut and style it ... .ai n't nobody got time for that . sarah did my cut and i 'm happy with it . she gave me a complimentary wash , cool . i did n't want to be charged anymore than the just the cut so i left the salon with wet hair and styled it myself when i got home .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i started going here after i decided to let my hair grow back in . the first time i went in i had to wait a bit but not to long at all . i had tano cut my hair and was very pleased . i keep going back to him every two weeks as being in the military is strict with hair . they do give military discount and do a great job . if you are a guy i would recommend tano . i will keep going here as long as they keep doing my hair correctly . a few place in the valley mess it up every time but this place is on point . highly recommend checking this place out , and get the app to check in , it makes it go by quicker for you and you should n't have to wait to long .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my go to place for haircuts ! i 've been here a couple time 's before and precious always does a great job . i really enjoy being under precious 's care , since she always seems to fix my hair just right . you can tell she enjoys styling people 's hair by the way she takes her time . she is also very friendly and easy to talk to , so when you 're getting your haircut , time goes by quick . they can surely expect me to be back when it 's time for a cut !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here twice and the service was pretty good . and the stylist was friendly her name is precious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place sucks do not go . i do n't recommend for moms to take their kids their i took my boy and they fucked it up ! ! ! ! the asian lady does n't know what the hell she is doing ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thank goodness , they know what they are doing . i went in there , because a so called fancy stylist was recommend to me . she botched up my hair like never before . i very nice stylist named `` juante '' . saved me . he was so patient and sympathetic he really made me feel good . he worked so hard , had to be at least a half hour or more , and just correcting this big hole that was left in the middle of my neck line . he did such a good job , people are actually complimenting me on my hair . i will differently be back . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "your review helps others learn about great local businesses . please do n't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review , or if you 're connected in any way to the owner or employees.this is by far my favorite smoke shop . the staff is very friendly and really helpful . when i first went in , they did n't have the cigarettes i wanted , so they ordered them for me and they were in the next day ! they let me try some of the vape cigarettes for free and told me they would work out a price for me if i wanted to buy one in the future . they are open early and the prices are very reasonable . i only come here now because the guys ( who i assume own the place ) and the girl who works on sundays are incredibly nice . i recommend them to all my friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "without a doubt best vape shop in town . since this was my first real attempt at quitting smoking they asked questions and were able to find me the perfect kit and juice . i am visiting from out of state and when i get home will be purchasing only from here online . the prices are fantastic along with the knowledge of the staff . they have made a difficult transition so much easier . i am now smoke free and have been vaping a month and i 'm just fine . there selection of juices is fantastic . they also take the time and listen to what your looking for . i have been there . 3 times in the month i have been here and i have been satisfied with the service and friendliness of the staff . if you are really wanting to quit or just enjoy vaping look no further this is the shop for you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trend vape is without a doubt the best vape shop around . they have such a wide selection of e-juice ! the staff is also so very helpful . i will def be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , great prices , and great e-juice make this shop a must for area vapers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . nice and very helpful staff . clean an lots of variety..everything is perfectly priced . very cool that you can try liquid smoke before you buy ! ! ! thanks ! ! ! i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg.. i have visited many vape shops , but from the first time i visited trend smoke shop i wanted to be a customer for life . max , the owner not only is very knowledgable about his excellent products , has a super awesome customer service but , as soon as i walked in he treated me as if we were old friends . i love his patience with the `` hard to deal with '' customers as i witness when i was there . he takes his time to clarify your questions and sell his items to the customer needs not just to make money . every single customer.who came in while i was there left very satisfied . the prices of the products are very good compared to other places and the juices are out of this world delicious . i was very impressed with everything there . my number one and only vape shop i visit . i really recommend it for the pros and begginers . you wo n't regret visiting the shop , i promise", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited this shop a couple weeks ago to get my first vape pen . max spent at least 45 mins going over all the products in detail & let me try several different juices to discover which flavors i like . i ended up getting the kangertech subox nano and have been very satisfied with my purchase . today i came back in and they changed the coil for me and went over questions i had . this was a great way to get into the vaping world . thank you trend vape , you guys are awesome ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried so many vape shops and this place is my favorite ! they have everything and the best qualities and varieties ! the customer service is great and they are super friendly ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "buyer beware ! went in for battery charger , walked out with vapor and attachment , was told there was a year warranty on all products . one week later , i knocked the vape over onto my dresser , took it back to the store for replacement . was told warranty only covered battery , also they said i had to have broken it myself , nothing they can do . i am reporting them to bbb , az dept of revenue ( forgot to mention , part of original deal was they said they would not charge tax on 2 of the products ) and who ever i need to for selling cigarettes to minors . when i originally purchased my vape , there were very young kids that walked in and bought loose tobacco . i asked them when i left how old they were , 14 !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly and very knowledgable . i would recommend to everyone . they asked the appropriate questions and were able to provide choices that were suitable to choose from . there were samples and a very large selection . place was originally intimidating because of the bars on the windows . however , the vast inventory explains the additional security measures", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place max is great . my go to shop versus going to a gas station . i always walk here when i do n't have the time to run to the gas station . max is very knowledgeable of his products and educates you on what you do n't know", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chill place . many e-juices to choose from . the attractive woman working helped me to pick a couple of new flavors i really like . very helpful , extremely courteous . their mods looked cool as well but i did n't take the time to browse those . inexpensive tanks and up to the higher quality is there . i like that the juice is all natural and it tastes great , vaps great as well . i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best vape shop in phoenix by far ! if you want to learn the real facts about vaping , this is the place to go . the staff is very informative and friendly . they are happy to take the time to help you find what you need for the best vape experience . their juices are made with all natural ingredients and there is a huge selection to choose from . drop by and see for yourself , you wo n't be sorry !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trend vape is a cool spot to go to i got recommended by my friend ricky ... he 's got some good juices good prices too i will definitely be stopping by again soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in tonight with my boyfriend and we ca n't stop talking about what a great experience we had ! jessica and adam were helpful , friendly and knowledgable . more than accommodating , and went out of their way to make us feel like we have a friend in the business . as a newbie to vapes , i was worried i might get oversold by a salesperson but they immediately put me at ease . jessica was very patient with letting us try whatever flavors we wanted and making great recommendations . adam was very friendly and honest with us . even though this shop is across town from me , i ca n't wait to come back because of the selection available and incredible customer service . see you guys soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hats off to trend vape smoke shop ! this establishment is incredible . i 've been going there since they opened . friendly , courteous , knowledgeable staff . great inventory of vape products , and other assorted smoking devices . this is a local business that is upfront and honest ! one day several months back i stopped in for some refills . i had just came from the bank , and accidentally left an envelope with a very `` large sum of cash '' in it on the counter . i got almost all the way home , realized it , and freaked ! went back , and after they had a little fun with me , handed me the envelope ! everyone had a good laugh ! boy , was i relieved : - ) everyone there is great ! if you use vape products , you 've got to try this place ! david g. - phx . az .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i have been in the store the staff has not only been very friendly but extremely knowledgeable . i have not known what i wanted or looking for but the guys there are patient and i have always left excited and satisfied . by far best smoke shop i have been to and would recommend to anyone", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service , very friendly , great prices . the employes take the time to explain their product very thourghley . i needed to quit smoking and adam help explain what i need to do . i bought their e- juice , what a great product . they have a great text program to earn points as well . i recommend this place than any place i ever been . good job guys ! keep it up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vaping ( not e-cigs , real vaping ) got me to quit smoking after more than 30 years . i thought i was satisfied with the standard evod vapes until i came to trend and max offered me a hit off a big aspire vape . it was a whole new experience and much better one . max knows his stuff and got me completely set up for a great price . this is n't the prettiest vape shop i 've been to but how does that matter when it has an owner who knows and seems to love vaping .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best vape shop i have ever been to ! ! ! ! the most amazing customer service . the best vape flavors and plenty to choose from . if you want a great smoke shop to buy your vape then this the place ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little spot with a quality selection . the guy who helped me , ivey , was really helpful and knowledgeable . i 'll be coming back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to many shops all over the valley for vape accessories , batteries , and e-cig juice . this is not conveniently located to my home , but i make the drive anyway because their juice is the best and have referred some friends there whom were very happy as well . they have the best juice in the valley , hands down , great selection . their flavors are not overly sweet which is what i like best . great customer service , great products !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best vape shop period . they have amazing customer service and go above and beyond to accommodate your request .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trend vape ! ! ! the # 1 spot in arizona to get your juices and all vaping needs . they have so many choices for everything . their premium house juices are amazing and have lots of flavors to choose from . max and his staff has incredible customer service and will make sure you are custom fitted to your vaping style comfort level . max introduced me to vaping and is the reason why i quit smoking ! trend vape is the spot to be ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great juice , great staff , & great prices . highly recommend this shop ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "watch out for defective cloned equipment . i am on my third istick . the first would not quit firing , even when i tried turning it off completely and the second had a loose connection to the tank and so the volts would change so drastically i burned through a new coil everyday . i guess the third times the charm . i 've been able to go 7-10 days on one coil and no problems with this unit . they did n't give me a hard time about exchanging but acted like it was my fault . it was frustrating because i 've been vaping quite a while with no problems until i bought my equipment at this store . the staff was really nice but i just can not trust the products sold : (", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if i could give them 0 stars i would . tried talking to a worker on the phone to see if they sold a certain item i wanted , hung up on me . could n't even imagine how they are in person .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love going there for anything vape . amazing selection of vapes and juice . great customer service , very knowledgeable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to this shop randomly and adam there is a great guy with plenty of knowledge of vaping . i was impressed with his customer service and their juices are by far the best i 've tasted so far in the city . recommend the `` strawberry cheesecake '' , it 's great ! this is my new go to shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love coming to this place everything is always in stock . they have the best prices in town . they have very friendly and helpful customer service . i just bought a vape from here and i love it ! it works awesome and i got it at a really good price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super helpful staff , some cool mods and locally made organic juice . good stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "interestingly i frequent the areas restaurants and starbucks just across bethany home rd . next to tex az . and the new little wine bar . anyways , ive been popping in this cute little nook for a month now . my theory is : if your looking for 100 different flavors in vape with good competitive pricing `` hands down '' this is the only smoke shop in uptown phx where you can shop these unique flavors not many smoke shops offer in phx , in my experience . also , i '' ll ad the establishment is actually cozy , your able to pull up a stool and try all the new vape flavors before purchasing the one you best like..it 's all about the experience and that 's what keeps me coming back . if you happen to chat it up their is one particular guy that works there who is all about giving you really good advice and i like that ... .what a nice guy ! ru ru", "score": "5"}
{"review": "craig did an amazing job fixing our rear passenger door ! our corolla was hit with a huge dent , but now it looks like brand new ! he was very helpful and provided the best service . his price is low and reasonable compared to others . his quality of work is top notch ! i would highly recommended his auto shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the left side of my bumper was damaged and i received a quote from the nearby nissan dealership for $ 1200 to fix it ( they claimed it could not be fixed and needed to be fully replaced ) . i then got a quote from m p auto body for less than half the price and i just picked up my car and i 'm really pleased with the results - it looks as good as new ! even though the office is pretty dirty and not well-kept , the service was great - a high-quality job for a great price , completed on time . i was very pleasantly surprised .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great deal and service . i highly recommend mp auto . i had a nasty dent with chipped paint , directly on the seam between my panel and bumper , along with a deep crack in my fiberglass body kit . it was repaired perfectly in less than 24 hours for way less than any of my other quotes . craig was really personable and helpful . five stars ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so pleased with the service received here that i made an account just to write this ! i had a scratch on my car and needed it to be repair asap . with the super convenient online estimate and a phone call with craig , i decided to drop my car off here . price was lower than what i received at other places and craig was super helpful . after explaining the situation , he assure me that it 'd be done by the end of the day and he was true to his words . i 'm glad i chose craig to help me fix my car because he 's gone out of his way to make sure i leave his shop happy.thank you craig ! definitely check this place out because you 'll be blown away at the professionalism and customer service you 'll receive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a big thank you for the professional and fast service when i needed to replace some glass in my vehicle . craig was great to deal with and followed up the day after i picked up my vehicle . i would not hesitate recommending this auto-body & glass service company . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do not really write reviews , however i feel like the quality and service has been so impeccable that i had to write a review . i came to this body shop a few months ago with a few scratches on the side of my car and just wanted them to disappear . i met craig ( the body shop owner ) who was pleasantly nice , experienced and professional and immediately gave me a solution and a time to bring the car to his shop . in about one day the car was ready for pick up and to this day my car looks as good as brand new . if anybody is looking for quality workmanship you should definitely consider this body shop . you will not regret it . great job to everyone at mp auto ! thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got my car back today and wanted to express how pleased i was with the service and results . craig is a joy to deal with , a man of his word ( uses them sparingly ! ) , the repairs were done on time and on estimate , he also kept me current with how the work was going . in a world where i really hate having to deal with service providers , must say this was an exceptionally good encounter , would highly recommend you check them out , save yourself a lot of grief and worry !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i felt inspired to come on here to write a review because i was blown away with the level of service . i feel like service is n't something pay attention to these days but this place really hit it out of the park . the car was serviced in the price of the estimate which was quick and painless to get when the car was damaged . i dropped off the car and had it back the very next day ( bad scratches on bumper with a tricky paint color ) which was ahead of schedule . the job was very well done on the paint job , could n't have asked for anything better at a good price . high value for what you pay and would n't risk my car at another body shop . hopefully i do n't have to use the body shop that often but if when i do , i know the first place i 'll call . thanks to everyone for a job well done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had an excellent first experience with these guys & will definitely be returning in the future for any inevitable repairs that will come along as a result of driving in this city . i had a really ugly dent scrape and a whole bunch of little chips scratches that i needed to get fixed so i got a few quotes & decided to go with mp not only because they gave me the best price but because craig ( the owner i think ) actually took the time to explain what he planned to do & why . i did n't feel like i was being sold extra work i did n't really need ( which was definitely the vibe i got from the other places i went ) i just picked up my car & it looks awesome ! seriously , like none of the damage was ever there . plus they got my car back to me a day early : ) all & all a great experience & i would definitely recommend seeing these guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just picked up my car from m & p . i wanted to say how pleased and grateful i was for their professionalism , quality of work , promptness and above all honesty . i took my car in after an accident that damaged the doors on the passenger side . i got estimates for thousands of dollars with offers to replace the doors . craig assured me that he could fix it , even though the doors are aluminum and difficult to repair . he not only fixed it , but for less money than what was quoted in the estimate , an unheard of event in body shops . there is more ! he did it in one day . i am now a devoted fan of this place and will recommend all my friends to go there to get their body work done . the best body shop in toronto without a doubt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great quality work at a very reasonable price . would definitely do more business if needed in the future . work done on time thank you craig .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't think anyone could have done more for that old montemarte space than what the underground have done . it looks better than ever and it is definitely one of the top interiors in madison . the food is great . you might not care for a certain dish , but it wo n't be because it 's not well prepared . these guys know food and they know it very well . what they do n't know , yet , is how to run a restaurant . but that will come in time and there are really only some slight quirks . if you want a unique dinner , come to the kitchen . if you want to feel like you 've entered an oiive garden commercial , go to the fucking olive garden and enjoy some frozen pasta dishes . perhaps there a few things that need polishing at the kitchen , but it 's a dining experience that is well worth your time . that is if you appreciate local ingredients , a well thought menu and quality bar-service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "extremely disappointing , fails in execution and seasoning . duck pot pie : featured unevenly chopped vegetables of large and small chunks , resulting in uneven cooking . nearly raw potatoes will ruin anything . nearly raw unpeeled potatoes with rough skins , many eyes , and gray areas under the skin are doubly unappetizing . the filling languished in a thin broth and was indifferently seasoned . the biscuit on top was wonderful though . meat plate : venison sausage somehow managed to be tough and bone dry yet incredibly greasy . too much fat in the head cheese , although the olive relish would have provided a nice counterpoint to a good head cheese . mediocre terrine , on the sweet side . spinach salad with caramelized apple and pickled onion , andouille and sherry vinaigrette : very good flavor combination , brought low by rubbery sausage and spinach leaves that were approximately 5 square inches large . decor : perhaps if the food was good i would stop complaining long enough to care .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give more than 5 stars to this wonderful establishment i would in a heartbeat . as far as the negative reviews go , pay no mind . i went there for my birthday and could not have been more pleased . the server was extremely knowledgeable and helpful regarding beers , food , specials and deserts . beer selection was very unique and the appetizers were delicious . ( i still have dreams about the chicken veal meatballs . ) for my main course i ordered the pork chop which was served with home cooked mac and cheese and sauteed brusselsprouts . so good ! i will go back again and again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food at an amazing price . that being said , they seem to be working out the kinks of a new restaurant , which makes it hard to give it a fourth star . the drinks and appetizers were excellent , but my entree was a real struggle to get through . it was a parsnip cream sauce over excellent fresh pasta , but the parsnip sauce was very bitter and bland . salt was requested to take the edge off , which apparently is frowned upon since it took maybe 10 minutes for the waiter to bring me a shot glass with a few salt crystals . food snobbery like this is n't that offensive to me , but when the restaurant does n't yet have quality control in place to ensure they are n't serving old parsnips , which i am guessing is what happened to those of us unfortunate enough to order the pasta that night , it is really disappointing . all this aside , the space is great , and the quality of the rest of the dishes was enough to make me want to try again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped here a couple weeks ago heading back from minneapolis . the food was pretty creative , i would compare to a blackbird avec ( chicago joints ) with a more hipster real vibe to it . you could tell everyone loved what they were doing . the bartenders made me a great ginger fresh soda ( i was driving ) and showed me a few of the interesting whiskeys the offered . all in all i was in a huge rush and ate as fast as i could but the food was good . i stumbled upon this place looking for a quick stop for food ( chipotle ) so i could get back on the road . so i didnt enjoy the meal as much as i shouldve but the duck egg with chorizo was out of this world and the flat bread was great as well . ill have to keep an eye out for when where they reopen ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here once for drinks and once for dinner . the cocktails are fantastic - great combos made from fresh ingredients . they are n't cheap , but you get what you pay for . when we came for dinner at 7 on a friday night , we waited at the bar for maybe 20 minutes . i thought that was reasonable . a lot of things on the menu looked good . we started with a cheese plate , then i had wheat berry salad and greens with a bacon dressing . i had originally ordered a kale salad that they were out of . kind of annoying but i assume they are using just the fresh ingredients they can procure that day week , so i 'm ok with it . i really enjoyed both of my selections . we also had a great red wine . as far as negatives , they do need to do something about the entryway and the drafts . wisconsin winter are way too cold . also , it 's not cheap , but i think the prices are fair .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the space is very nice , brighter than montmartre but still cozy and comfortable . maybe i 'm just getting old , but it was a bit loud making it difficult to hear . the `` brick chicken '' was very good ( a tiny bit heavy on the salt ) and served quickly . very satisfying . we tried just one cocktail ( # 4 ) which was oddly neither here nor there . it was somehow both strong and bland . the service was pleasant and friendly . they did seem a little confused at the bar trying to figure out who ordered what . you 'll be happy to hear that the ( male ) bar staff all either have , or are actively working on achieving the de rigueur ole tyme facial hair ( no tweed though ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food and drinks and a really fun atmosphere ! great service and reasonably priced !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there for a repair of my glasses that broke while i was staying there for a conference . the people were very helpful and made the repair at no charge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff are rude about peoples choices of preferences . if they are ask , advice but if not keep quite . i left dissatisfied .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrible service . paid for express shipping only to get the wrong pair after 3 weeks of waiting . still have not yet got my glasses .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "could the optician be anymore lethargic or uncaring ? geez ! i had a major problem with my first pair of glasses prescription , so i had to buy new frames . he helped me but did so under duress . and he did n't even check the fit when they were finished . do any of the people at lenscrafters really know what they are doing ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i rarely give a place 4 stars if i am not completely satisfied with their service but i am going to give this place a break since i went near their opening . the waitress owner apologized many times for the food taking too long and i tend to give places a break when they are new . the food is superb and the drinks for a downtown cleveland spot are decently priced . this place is off the beaten path but it 's well worth eating here ! i got the chicken salad sandwich ( one of my must try staples at every restaurant that offers it ) and it was the biggest most delicious chicken salad sandwich ! ! be patient with this place as their menu is ever changing as they are trying to figure out what dishes do do n't work . even with all the changes the food stays delicious and homemade !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there is n't much that is special about that this place , and that 's what makes it very special . it is hard to find a nice , inexpensive , and comfortable place downtown after work hours . this place fills that void . the food is great for the price , the service is nice , and the atmosphere is your typical local sports bar joint . i do n't come here often , but i am happy when i do .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walking in on a frigid saturday night glad to be out of the cold , we were the only guests other than the bridal party of 15 that was wrapping up . our server was rude when we were finally greeted and impatiently took our drink order . heaven forbid you order hot tea ... you get eyes rolled at you ! very unprofessional server , as i know , i have done it high end for many years , unbeknownst to her . needless to say her tip went way down the second she greeted us . no matter how nice she pretended to be after that point it did not change what i left her . once you treat guests like that , there is no going back . she should not be in customer service . however , the food was outstanding . the basket of fried catfish and parmesan fries is amazing . highly recommend . just hope you do n't get an impatient , eye rolling , fake personality of a server like we did ! off the beaten path down an alley near 4th street .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here before a tribe game . the interior is a little weird . the cinder block walls are n't too inviting . food sounds better than it tastes ... 3 stars . nothing special . service was really good ... she was on the ball and attentive . drink specials during games .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they will no longer honor the yelp check-in deal , but there 's a facebook deal instead on to the review ... there 's service and then there 's service , so lem me tell ya about my girl here , alexandra . there are many like her , but this one is mine . j k , she 'll help anyone and she 's damned good at it . prompt , friendly , aloof , comprehensive , patient and full of suggestions for a rather indecisive crowd . we stopped in here to duck the rain prior to ufc 203 and the place filled up quickly . the staff was hustling to keep up but performed admirably and served plates which were quickly devoured . we had copious sums of bourbon , gin , beer , and excellent sammiches with which to soak up the spirits . do n't miss the facebook deal and tell alexandra that the donkey says , '' hey , girl ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! incredible hole in the wall ! alexandra is an incredible bartender and woman ! the food was delicious and very reasonable on the price for what you get . please find this place to enjoy yourself and save money on food and drink compared to places out on the main roads !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner of this place is great . put on the hockey game for me . beer was cold . food was great . i will stop in again when i 'm in town", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have stopped here before and had a beer or two . i returned after a cavs game because i hoped it would n't be very crowded even though it is right next to the q . there were a few people but i was able to sit at the bar and tall without a giant crowd . i decided to order food and was blown away . all of their ingredients are fresh and their wings were unbelievable . their fries were fresh cut and their quesadillas and burgers looked amazing . deep fried portabellos . they have it all . i will be back here and asap for an amazing hidden food locale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very empty when we got here . waitress was a bit flustered ( said she 's usually a bartender ) . food was delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered delivery and it was through eat24 . the experience was disappointing . it took them 2 hours to deliver ( about half an hour after the estimated time ) . i ordered cheeseburger and it was cold and there were supposed to be some lettuce , tomato , and onion . i only got a cheese with burger in badly prepared bread . they sliced the top of the bread . the coke was 20 oz bottle and it was warm . they did n't mention the size in the menu , and the price is similar to the 22 oz bottle . quit disappointing ! i gave them 2 stars because the first time i ordered was much better . this was my second time and it could be the last .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ordered and took over an hour for delivery . delivery guy went to the wrong building and then gave me attitude when i told him he was 8 blocks away . when i got my salad , it didnt have croutons like the description stated it did , and they delivered it with no salad dressing which i specified on the order what kind i wanted . not worth the 13.50 spent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i believe this bar just recently opened . it 's tucked away a bit off the main drag but it 's a very neat little bar with a dive bar feel . my friend had a show there and every single person in the bar was someone who knew the band so we had the place to ourselves . the bartender was nice and there was a pretty decent amount of beers on tap . it 's a nice , small bar that had some christmas lights hung up on the ceiling , which i always like ! my friends had some issues with the sound but i 'm going to write that off as a learning experience for the bar , since it 's obviously not something they 've done very many times yet . it was overall a nice place that i 'd definitely return to ! my only real complaint is that our table was right next to the door and it was freezing outside . i would have preferred it if there were some way to block the wind out.. but it did n't ruin my night or anything .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered a burger and fries . burger was perfectly cooked and the 21 fries are worth the extra $ 1 . the wife 's fish was good with a peppery finish . not real busy , so the service was excellent and our server knew her beers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by last tuesday , service was exceptional , alaina was the girls name , could n't have left happier . suggest the crab and art dip", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the bacon cheddar bbq burger through grubhub . came out fast and the woman working there when i picked it up was extremely nice . the burger itself was amazing and i had the 21 fries which were good as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this food is pretty decent . i only have used this as an order out option . i love that you can have this delivered if you order on grubhub or eat24 . i usually get their club sandwich . it 's pretty tasty . sometimes the produce on it is not the freshest but i have had much worse . the fries are delish ! they 're hand cut and lightly seasoned .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the best restaurants that i have eaten at recently . absolutely loved the chicken quesadilla . food and drinks all decently priced . tucked away on e. 2nd . this is a must stop at place . ca n't wait to go back again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food with great downtown location . highly recommended ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a hidden gem . great burgers and fries , and a nice quiet place for lunch downtown . loved the fried egg burger", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum . yum . yum . sherwin williams chicken sandwich with the 21 fries . met ron the bartender , awesome guy to talk to and hang out . so glad we found it . hope to be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing ! ! ! ! would n't go anywhere else . great service and the staff is personable and will do anything to help you get the best deal . bartender was amazing and helped with our overall experience in cleveland .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took them up on offer to return and was glad i did ! i had the buffalo chicken wrap and it was delicious . arrived hot too . definitely recommend trying this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree w all of you , my friends wife is from that area and got me to eat there a cpl of times ... .people from that area think this place is the second coming of bbq ... its not good at all ... only thing i will give them props for is their r.o . 's hot slaw , pretty good stuff", "score": "1"}
{"review": "$ 25 right down the drain . french fries were 100 % under done and terrible as they came out . the sandwich ... lol ! wow , is that what nc calls barbecue ? that was the single nastiest sandwich i have ever eaten . save your money and go elsewhere !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "today was my first visit to r.o. 's . i normally go to black 's but , they are on their annual july vacation . the food is good but not as good as black 's . my main issue with the restaurant is their service . it took about 20 minutes to get my food . it was busy however ; they were preparing the food out of order . i was ticket 876 . when i was getting my food , ticket 871 was asking where their food was .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "these guys do barbecue like nobody else . their burgers rock and the turkey burger is the best i 've ever eaten anywhere . this is truly a gastonia secret that needs to be told to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "little fast food joint in gastonia , nc . sliced bbq and pimento cheese on toast were good , and the slaw dressing was super yummy ! the place had a lot of character , but i think maybe i have overindulged a bit to much to give a truly impartial review .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a place for locals that rarely leave the city limits goes to . i happily went with my neighbor to get food to go but i got it confused in my head with kyle 's that ive heard great things . total disappointment in the food and counter help . i think the bbq coleslaw is a sloppy disgusting mess and the sliced bbq pork looked like it was boiled . the smell totally turned me off when i opened the container when i got home . i ended up feeding my wasted $ 25 to my pug ( i 'm sorry for going that to you ) this experience was as bad as my visit to hillbilly bbq on garrison . do n't get their turkey because you get a slab of turkey bologna , yuck ! ! ! i only go to rays smokehouse when i want bbq in gastonia .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no just no ! ! not bbq at all but steamed pork served with something called bbq slaw , which is more mayo and ketchup than cabbage . try rays kyle 's blacks or hillbillys for local bbq", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a bbq spot i 've been to many times over the past 30 years and ro 's has never disappointed ! if you 're looking for good bbq then look no further check em out you 're tastebuds will thank you . while there get the cherry lemon sundrop it 'll knock your socks off .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best bbq sandwich on the planet . put everything you know about bbq aside and open your mind to something unique and spectacular . i now live near memphis , a bbq capital , and i have had bbq in texas , kansas , mo , and lots of other places . i had this style of unique lean pork deicacy beginning when i was just 4 years old and everytime i get within 10 0 miles of ro 's i make the trip , and get lots to go . try the sliced bbq sandwich that has an amazing and uinque slaw and get ready to be gown away . whoever writes funky reviews for this place must have been expecting something familiar , but trust me you have not had anything like this before , and ca n't find it anywhere else , period . expand your horizons and get ready for a new absolute favorite ... ... go to ro 's , and i would be grateful if you could fedex me a dozen or so sandwiches : - ) this place is really terrific !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! ! ! everytime i am in gastonia i make a trip to eat here . i even plan some trips around them . this is the best bbq and slaw in the world . i buy a pint or two of the slaw to take bake to florida with me . do yourself a favor and go eat there . and get the slaw ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this small and upscale shopping mall looks nice , but there is not much to it ; the shops here are mostly upscale and niche ; the most interesting thing about this mall ( to this out-of-towner ) was that it housed one of michael symon 's b spot ( burger ) locations this shopping mall has its own free parking lot ; the parking lot is not that big though and it can be difficult finding an open spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when it comes to eton , i 'm not a huge fan . the majority of the shops close super early and there is never any parking . i come here a lot for a painting class . i used to do my shopping at the spice shop , but they close so early , by the time i get out of work . they 're already closed . i shop at tj . however , the restaurant selection is bland and boring , the clothing shops are boring and everything inside of the mall is silly . there 's a luggage store , a formal store , a few jewelry stores that are way over priced . no real good place to grab a snack and just sit and relax . like , i said . not a huge fan . yes , it 's always clean . which is a plus and the bathrooms are always stocked . but , when i go to a `` mall '' variety is best . eton does n't have a lot of variety .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like it there . it is like a mini crocker park with its huge floral displays and giant size chess board . the stores here are unique speciality places and the shopping centre is anchored down by some great restaurants . i highly recommend checking this place out whether it is to browse one of the last remaining giant booksellers in the area or to grocery shop or go out to eat . for some art galleries and speciality clothing shops do go inside the eton mall - a place i feel many people may not know about .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eton is a lovely place to shop in the summer . the landscaping is beautiful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their slush machine was broken almost all summer . i went elsewhere to get my freezes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just discovered this dairy queen . i used to go to the one in willoughby , but i like this one more . they are much faster . 90 seconds tops you will be waiting . even though it is a walk up dq , they have everything the normal dq has -- including log cakes ! yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its your normal dq ... the kids work their butts of for fast service but what makes this dq stand out are the people u met in line ... always smiling and laughing ... great area . great people ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place sucks . every time i 've taken my car there , they 've had it all day . today i took it in with a flat tire-i was told they could look at it in 1-1 1 2 hours . i should 've left then , but gave them a chance . two and a half hours later , they still had n't looked at it and there was still one person ahead of me ! i left and took my car to discount tire across the street-they had the tired repaired and i was out in an hour . i wasted a day of work for nothing . i do n't care how close i live to fletcher 's , i wo n't ever take my car there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this store always acts like they want the customer is an inconvenience when i call . one time i got an oil change there and was there almost 4 hours , waiting .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "read the reviews ... this place is complete garbage . i showed up at 7:45am from their advice because they do n't take appointments . i was the 3rd person through the door and was advised it would take an hour or so for my alignment . they told me on the phone the day before the same , so i was prepared to wait . 2 and a half hours later , they had n't begun working on my car and advised it would be at least another hour . i asked for my keys and left without the alignment i needed , and i can promise you that i 'm never returning to another fletcher 's . this was my first and last experience with this pitiful company . it amazes me that companies like this are able to stay in business when they treat their customers like this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a joke in terms of their timing . saturday is first come first serve starting their day at 7 am . last saturday i got here at 7:30 am making me 11th in line . they said they would n't get to it until `` 4ish . '' went the next saturday , got there by 6:20 am ( 2nd in line ) got checked in right as they opened and was told it would take about an hour and a half for an oil change and servicing . 3 hours later ! i was finally able to get my vehicle back ! never again ! my advice : make an appointment during the week ( they close at 5 pm and sometimes keep your vehicle overnight if they do n't finish ) or get your local mechanic to work on your car . this place is a waste of time , and time is money !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fletchers dropped our car from the lift . yes dropped airbags went off , frame was bent . our car is a total loss thanks to them . the manager did not inform us of anything until we called 3 hrs later and he said to come pick up the car . we got 3500 bucks for a perfectly good car now we have a car payment and higher premiums thanks to fletchers . corporate did nothing besides hide behind their insurance company . do n't go here your car might be their next mistake .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place does n't fix cars ... instead they charge you for services and never do the work ! ! i paid for the flush package on 6 30 14 ( transmission , engine , radiator , etc ) only to get my favorite place to get oil changes ( jiffylube ) yesterday 9 3 14 and was advised i needed a transmission flush ! i totally disagreed until they showed me the fluid it was dark brown black . of course jiffylube advised me to call fletcher and have them do it since it was never done ! i took my car today back up there and even though they are doing my flush now ... they never once apologized for the inconvenience and advised me that per their flushes they are black after two months of driving 3000 miles and google says you need it done every 60k miles ... i will never recommend anyone to come here for services they just do n't care take it from me . they will mess car up trust me ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "prices are low but the service is aweful ! they put the wrong lug back on one of my tires that could have left me stranded and unable to fix a flat b c my lug wrench would n't fit it ! they are impossible to deal with to fix this issue since it was a while before i noticed the problem . they are also very difficult to get an appointment with . do n't waste your time and money here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so ... i bought an oil package of theirs , 10 changes , etc . yet ... the last 2 times i 've gotten oil changes at firestone due to the fact they can never seem to schedule me on a time where i would n't have to take off of work . now add to that i 'm able to show them that the alignment specs they are using are destroying my not cheap tires and they refuse to use a new adjustment . not that they ca n't do a manual adjustment , they just wo n't . thanks for nothing guys . ran up the street to firestone , not only did they use the manual numbers , but it turns out fletcher 's messed up the alignment to begin with ( and may very well be completely responsible for the tire wear ) . riding much nicer now after my visit to firestone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i found a groupon for an oil change and brakes for $ 69.00 i made an appointment at 10 am , after being there for over two hours another lady came in and asked me if i had a groupon too . she said they told her because we had groupons our cars would n't even be see till two hours wait , three other customers where seen and done before they came to talk to me about my car car at around 1pm . i did n't walk out of there until 2 . i do n't think that me having a discount is my fault when fletcher 's puts it on the site ! you are still taking my money for your service , if this is the way you treat you customers you will lose your business really soon , i suggest you not make offers if you are not going to treat customers equally .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "update : this place is under new management now . i took my vehicle back in after dicovering that they had failed to tighten the lock nut on one of the tie rod ends which is what caused the alignment to go out and ruin the tires . they fixed the alignment and put two new tires on at no charge . however it took them 3 days to do this and they tried to find a way to make it my fault . they fixed it but still lost my business .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quoted to replace parts that were just replaced , plus parts that didnt need to be changed and was told i had a bent torsion bar ? ? ? considering that i am a ase cert tech and currently working in a dealership , not only was this bad intel but flat out lies . i told a family member to take it there for a quick alignment , this is what i got . this shop i would not let work on my kids bike . shade tree techs at this shop", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just wanted to say how rude the front desk guy was . i was there for a price quote for a new tire etc . & the phone rang . and in the middle of our conversation and some what . instead of telling who ever it was ( personal call ) he had a customer and he 'll call them back ! nope ... he kept f # kin ' carrying his conversation . i gave it a minute or two then just walked out . what a joke ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is the worst . no appointment needed to get service , but expect your car to be there for a full day . took my car at 7:30am and they do n't call me until 4pm . wait ! i had to call them to find out what is going on and they have n't even started to work on my car . either they are understaffed or do n't know how to work efficiently . wo n't be taking my car there ever again . just stay away or go there and enjoy the frustration , your choice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "brought our vehicle in because it was close to our home ... big mistake . they kept telling us they fixed the problem . they were nice and believable . after spending over 1000.00 they tell us oh wait now they truly found the problem trying to charge another 300.00.. ( we already heard that from them 3 times . ) went to a mechanic recommended by friend who said they did n't do all they work they said they did and the 300.00 they wanted to charge us was 50.00 from this other mechanic . so sad you ca n't trust a company to be honest and do the work they promised . will definitely never go there again and would not recommend to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok so i was hesitant to take my truck to these guys but i decided to give them an opportunity regardless of other reviews and because they had a great deal on an oil change . you ca n't beat a synthetic valvoline oil change for under $ 20 . showed up at 8am dropped off my truck to ed and a couple of hours later called me to tell it was ready . what else can you ask for . i really recommend them . i also found out they are under new management so give them a shot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place sucks ! ! ! ! jus went there and they wont call the interlock place so you can get an oil change , you need an appt ... but if its a repair they will do it ... what a joke ! ! ! dont ever go here again ! ! ! chandler location has way better customer service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was referred to fletcher 's on 51st ave and baseline by a friend and it ended up really being a blessing to me . i am in the process of purchasing a new vehicle and wanted to get a thorough diagnostic done . the gentlemen at fletcher 's squeezed me into their busy schedule . they were courteous and professional and truly made the experience great for a reasonable price ! i know that many times people only post negative comments however , i wanted to make sure i informed the `` yelp community '' that these men were upfront , helpful and i trusted that they were being honest with me . thanks fletcher 's ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so happy to write a review on here that actually has more than 2 stars ! a little disappointed to see the reviews prior to mine are on the low end . all i can say is my experience with fletchers was a good one . they even beat their own quote ! although it took a bit longer than what i was told , they did give me a free oil change coupon . also i thought i was being quoted on michelins but did not get michelins ... as long as the tire is a decent tire and rated decent then i 'm happy ! i usually spend around $ 900- $ 1,000 on 4 tires , i walked out the door spending $ 650 ... so i 'm happy with it ! friendly staff , accommodating and nice sitting area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thanks to the guys at fletcher 's for squeezing our car into a busy weekend . normally i do my own work but i am starting a business , and just do n't have time anymore . they proved they are not just minions by matching the labor estimate of another further shop , and still squeezing us into their busy weekend schedule . it was a groupon weekend for them . thanks again , now i just have to adjust to a clutch that does n't slip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new manager was rude and disrespectful i had taken my cars for the last two years using synthetic blend and suddenly he refused to service my cars telling me that i must use full synthetic oil i explained that i had all previous oil change records from fletcher 's in laveen but he did n't care", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quick easy service without an appointment during the holiday weekend . i took my car in with a coupon for a prepaid oil change that my parents when they opened , dropped my car off and left my number . they called at noon and told me there were a few things left to conduct on my car but could wait for the dealership and my car would be ready in 30min . i arrived signed and paid the tax disposal fee $ 4 . happy customer . clean , organized , and polite service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ted is amazing over at fletcher 's . i desperately needed an oil change on a super busy saturday and he fitted me in no problem . i was able to run to the gym and a couple of errands and in no time my car was done . great experience and highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my car there for oil change and transmission flush oli change . left it there for 2 days and only thing they got done was engine oil change ( and they ca n't even use the oil you want , only what is `` recommended '' ) . this place use to be good when it was still fletcher 's , but it 's going down now under firestone management ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible ! ! ! bought a groupon for 17 $ took two weeks to get an appointment and then they charged me another 16 $ on top of that . i explained i had a groupon last time they did my oil change and i only paid an additional 5 $ . he said the previous workers screwed up and they had a 70 grand deficit . i guess they raise their prices to make up for it . bad way to do business !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "called to schedule an appointment 2 weeks out since they were busy . went to check in and they were super busy . they basically told me they could n't change my oil bc they ca n't get the car on the lift since it 's lowered . seriously wasted 2 weeks of my life waiting for the appointment and another 1 2 hour after checking in . disappointing as they wasted my time and nothing they could do . then they had the nerve to rev my car !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the guys at this fletcher 's location worked really hard trying to get a fuel pump issue worked out for my car . they went above and beyond giving me rides home and picking me up when they had finished with my car . they were extremely honest and apologetic when they just could n't seem to get things to work even though it was n't their fault . ( and i did some research , it was n't their fault . ) thank you for trying to hard !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was able to fix my car on the same day , with great prices ! ! always courteous & fast ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's too bad the other reviewer had such a bad experience . i went in there because my dealer had told me i needed brakes right away , before they damage the rotors . i had forgotten about it for a couple months , then thought `` gee , i better get it done '' . i brought it in , and it turned out i did n't need brakes , i still had about 30k miles left on mine , i just needed brake fluid . so nice to find an honest place for once .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my car in for an 8:00 am appointment . they said it would be a couple hours . i went back in an hour and 40 minutes and they had n't even pulled the car in yet . worst service ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was very sad to hear the fact that fletchers is no more . but the only thing that makes me stay is that johnny is still there ! ! ! that guy is awsome i try to follow him where ever he goes because i know that because im a lady that i will not be scammed or over charge . his customer service over exceed my expectations . thank you johnny for everything you do for my family and i ! ! will stay here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love hot dogs so i was really excited to try this new place that recently opened in southern highlands . i guess this chain specializes in chicago dogs and has been in business for 51 years . although i do n't know what a chicago dog is supposed to taste like , i do know i did n't dig this dog very much . i ordered the chili dog ( with cheese and onions ) for $ 4.50 and cheese fries for $ 4.29 . the dog was regular size and was more like a lukewarm dog . the chili and cheese were just okay and the bread was stale on the ends . the only thing i liked about my meal were the fries . they were nothing special but at least they were made fresh and it was a good portion . the service was good . we were greeted and were thanked as we left . i do n't think i 'd be back again when there are so many other wiener options in town . i 'd rather get a hot dog and a drink from costco for $ 1.50 . 2.5 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "somebody get these guys a humidifier , because everything they serve is dry , dry , dry . hot dogs are served on semi-stale buns . italian beef is so tough and dry that not even a soaking of au jus can redeem it . and their fries are so starchy and flavorless that they represent a complete waste of calories . pass on this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "customer service at this location was top notch . good job guys ! from the second i walked in the door to the check-out counter i was well taken care of . it is really nice to walk into a store and not be hounded by all the sales folks , but when i was unable to find what i needed on my own there was someone there to help me . this office max is like most other office supply store , except the customer service at this location was stellar !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "store is what you would expect at an office supply store . good selection but low inventory on higher ticket items ... desks , etc . service was non-existent . not greeted one time in our 20 min trip . too bad . bathroom was absolutely disgusting .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the clerk in the printing area was extremely helpful . he was able to answer my questions and thoroughly explain his answers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted to write about my printing experience with faith at this officemax location . faith was absolutely wonderful in helping me print multiple items . i felt that faith genuinely was happy to help me and was very kind and friendly . she was attentive and listened to what i needed to have done . she has been the most helpful staff member that i have encountered at this store . she is a true asset to your team . thank you , faith .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i must say that i have never taken time to review an office supply store but these guys deserve it . we went in 48 hours before our wedding with some pretty strong and desperate demands and the gentleman working the printing center along with the manager on duty did not fail us ( andy & justin i believe were their names ? ) i have always used staples for all of my printing but will plan to return to this location for anything else i need . they were so accommodating and personable during the whole process . i misplaced our receipt that allowed us to survey them so hopefully this will do . thank you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "items in the office depot office max ad that show trade in on old printer . this is for select models of purchase . however , none of those models for purchase are in stock . bait and switch to be sure . in fact , one of the models has never been carried at the store . the other has been sold out for quite some time . in order to take advantage of this deal you need to drive 30 minutes in any direction to a different store .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "when staples cancelled my big print order the day before pick up , faith and andy at officemax at san tan village saved the day . they price matched staples , and printed the same day . they went out of their way to help me . i will never use anyone else for printing services !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please stop telling me i can buy things online . i am aware of the internet , everyone is ! if you do n't have something , just say that , do n't try to get me to buy something online when i am standing in your store . if i want to shop online , i do n't drive to a store , nobody does . i know the employees are trying to follow direction from management , but it is insulting and not helpful at all . physical stores need to keep a good selection , just stock what people need , do n't try to sell them on having an item delivered in next week . nonsense .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great customer service . if you need any information glenn is your guy ! very informative and beyond helpful ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had to return a office chair that broke that i purchased over a year ago , it had a 5 year warrenty on the mechanism . they replaced the whole chair on the spot without a hassle . the customer service from josh was exceptional . i purchased some other items and really liked the look of the store . it was well stocked , neat and very clean . great place to shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never dined inside here before ... . somehow , even when i intended to , i always wound up in the takeout section of the restaurant ... you ca n't beat fresh , hot , fried seafood ... . it 's the one thing that 's lacking where i live ... i 've eaten here too many times to count , and also at their greensboro location ... the servings are more than generous , the seafood is seasoned like no other place that i 've been to , and to top it off , the prices are down right cheap for what you get ... someone pass along a message to the owners that i 'll volunteer to be their first , or honorary customer if they ever plan on opening in south jersey ... . we need a quality place like this here ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's fried seafood . service is decent and can be quick if no one in your party orders something broiled ( they usually get death stares from me and an extra 20 minute wait time ) . they usually have great combination specials ( shrimp and fish or chicken ) . most everything is reasonably priced . they make a good blooming onion . tip : on sunday you get a free salad with your meal - just ask for it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this places does n't deserve a star at all ! it 's disgusting ! we ordered crab legs and the flounder and the crab legs came out cold with icy butter and the fish tasted like it set all day and was microwaved we took one bite and it left us with a chemical taste in our mouths . the manager came out and reluctantly claimed she took it off our bill but we still paid 35.00 . this place needs shut down it is the worst restaurant around this area . take this as a warning do not eat here ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've eaten here a couple of times before when we 've visited . i love their food , hush puppies , and always a good portion size . i ordered the popcorn shrimp , i was even pointing at what i was ordering as i spoke , that came with a side salad or cole slaw , and one side . when we got the ticket , chelsia , the waitress , charged me for the salad . i asked her about it , and even got a menu to prove it . she had brought out the fried popcorn shrimp instead of broiled , even though that 's the side i ordered from that came with a salad . instead of fixing her own mess up , after i 'd already half eaten my food , she said all she can do is take my plate and i can wait on broiled shrimp instead . ha ! i told her i 'd just take it out of her tip , and she said ok. smh", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is amazingly good but i question few of the people who work here it 's supposed to be family friendly looking at tattoos of some people are a bit disturbing and all who go there are a of and wrinkly and they should do better to be clean because the place is dirty", "score": "2"}
{"review": "how do you run out of crab legs and you are a seafood restaurant ! ? ! seriously , how do you only have 1 server working during\u200b lunch ? this is absolutely ridiculous , we came for lunch bc of limited time and it 's slower than christmas in here ! growing up in concord , we are obviously parton 's of this establishment and never really had a problem until recently . the fact that they are completely out of crab legs is the straw that broke it for us . mayflower needs to get their sh t together !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "family intended to go to the other location but gps brought us to concord . i order the broiled platter , husband had the fried catfish and peppered trout , daughter got crab legs . all was good . everything , except the crab legs , could have used a little more seasoning . our server was very friendly and checked on us often . we will try this place again if we are ever in this area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food quality : better than red lobster , not as good as finer establishments ( c+ ) portion size : large ( a ) service : poor ( d- or f+ ) price : affordable overall : better than a typical chain , but hardly anything to remember . for the quality of food and price ; it 's easy to see why they 're in business . however , the quality of food and service , will continue to keep them off anyone 's best restaurants list .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a nice seafood restaurant . first time going and was not disappointed . i was satisfied by the time i left . staff was very friendly and fast service too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i order the bake fish cole slaw and broccoli . i received 1 bake fish ( suppose to be two ) no broccoli , and 2 cole slaw , 1 of my cole slaw had an uncooked unknown piece of meat i the middle of it . will post picture below ... . omg ... . so nasty , i do not recommend this place ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "his place is one of my goto fish camps . great fish and shrimp , excellent service or a reasonable price . portions are more than enough to satisfy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed the atmosphere - anything dog themed is a ok in my book . i live in austin where restaurants are very pet friendly , so it was nice to see a hang out in vegas where people bring their dogs ( side note : it 's been a cool june for vegas , it 's great to sit outside with the dogs ! ) i had the ahi tuna sandwich ... which would have been delicious although i somehow overlooked the wasabi part on the menu ... it was so spicy steam was coming out of my nose . ce la vie , the coconut mojito was delish ( and low calorie ! )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great experience ! great food and dariah our server really understands the meaning of hospitality will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not good service . i felt like they just did n't like us there . the waiter paid no attention to us and they stuck us in the corner . the food was just ok nothing great . the only good thing about this spot is you can take your pups .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place ! the mac and cheese is the best ever . the chicken quesadilla is delish . the pulled pork sandwich is yummy . everything we 've had has been wonderful ! they have a great happy hour and the sangria is not only tasty but served in a large glass . the decor is adorable . they have vegetarian friendly options as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best wings ever . the blonde girl who took my drink order was so nice . i was unsure about what drink i wanted and she brought me a sample without me even asking . i really appreciated how considerate she was . the girl who waited on us the rest of our meal was okay . awesome happy hour , good food at a great deal . i would recommend this place to others !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love lazy dog first visit was halloween and the dogs in costumes were totes adorbes . if the dogs on patio atent your thang never fear , the inside is huge.. bar area rocks . happy hour and reverse happy hour available . have stayed to.study late at the bar while drinking and was n't even bugged for closing the place down with nose in chemistry book . sunday brunch on patio rocks during great weather , and fire pit for ambience out there too weather permitting . bring your dog and favorite beeoches . you wont regret it . oh and grab a flight to get your taste.buds on a roll ... . over . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i came into this restaurant not long ago and it was a fantastic visit , the food was delicious and the server was great . my only problem with this place was that shorter bigger white host . she was unprofessional , very rude , and had bad mannerisms . she kept walking away and having casual conversations with other employees . the other hostess that took us to our table was very nice and attentive and asked us about our day and kept us entertained . i asked what the hostess ' in the front name was and she said her name was shelby or shelly something like that . this store has a lot of potential it is a shame that this one particular person gave this establishment such a bad impact .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good beer , nice outside area for humans and dogs and great location make this a perfect happy hour spot in summerlin .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow incredible food fantastic bartenders thay are to die for great service.if you should come hear try the ahi poke and to drink james & ginger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service hands down ! ! the watermelon margarita that i had was amazing ! ! ! ! very refreshing and made to perfection . the cajun fries were ok , i kind of expected more mentally but they were still good ... do n't get me wrong . the just had a bacon cheeseburger this time around but it was really good . the burger itself was perfectly prepared and seasoned . i will definitely be returning . i thought the whole setup was really nice and fitting for any kind of outing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first and last time i will come to your dog friendly restaurant . i was told i could n't have my lap dog on my lap by the passing hostess while 30 % of the other dog owners in the patio did , only because i was seated in plain view of the patio doorway . she had no reasoning when i asked her why other than `` it 's just our rule ! '' patio was overwhelmed with dog on the floor and chained up to the legs of the table or chairs . my italian grey 's were a little anxious on the floor . i asked the waiter for the manager.. did not come out , instead he explained the reason behind the dumb rule . `` health codes '' did n't make sense after seeing dog food plates going from the dirty hairy floor to the table we eat on to be picked up by a busser . explain that", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is good and they have a good selection of foods . it 's pretty big on the inside and they also have a nice patio for outdoor seating w the high tables and the lower tables . the prices r pretty average compared to other places this is located in downtown summerlin behind the new shopping mall . oh one more thing u can bring ur dog ( s ) to eat here they even have food for ur dog ( s ) . yes they serve food for ur dog ( s ) . very cool .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family went here for dinner on saturday night and ordered the walnut chicken salad sandwich and after 3 bites i did n't particularly like it . that is n't the reason i am writing . they offered me the option to order something else and i thought that was great . the manager on duty kristy portillo could n't be any nicer . also their sink in the ladies room was cool .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think i might be one of those awful yelpers who only take the time to post when i am really upset . tonight , i absolutely must post about the phenomenal service i recieved from my server , adam . i dined alone , as i am new to town . despite the place being packed , i felt welcomed immediately . none of that `` oh you are a party of one '' face to which i have become so accostomed . not the standard broken record , `` hello my name is '' but truly welcomed . he immediately asked if i would like another drink -- the first came from the bar -- and gave me his suggestion for the mango jalepeno margarita when i asked for something different . excellent suggestion ! and , it paired perfectly with my burger . the veggie burger was delicious . the cajun fries were a good upsell . the timing came out wonderfully . adam checked on me often , but not too often . he was warm and funny and just a joy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been here a few times now ! ! the food is always good . we try to get our favorite server fin ( amber ) . we love her always attentive and friendly ! we will be back ! ! ! we have tried servers things on the menu and all have been good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think this place & location is really good , especially if you 're a dog lover & like eating out . went here for dinner , for my friend 's dog 's birthday.. we had a `` bark-day paw-ty '' at the lazy dog ! it wad really nice how accommodating the staff was for the celebration . you can order a bowl of beef or chicken with rice for the dogs . seating with your pet is outdoors . because it was dinner , the weather was nice sitting outside , not too hot in sept. had the campfire pot roast & ceviche tostadas.. both were so good ! the pot roast was tender , the meat just fell apart easily & it meshed well with the spinach & mashed potato . the ceviche was fresh & light , a good appetizer - 3 tostadas an order . i hear the other locations have great tasting food & service . for this being my first time , it was definitely a nice experience . planning on going back to try their brunch menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great menu selections and the coconut mojito rocks . nice patio which welcomes your dogs.. inside is very much like bj 's restaurant . everything from burgers to tacos to pizza..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "consistently absentee service personnel . after calling the restaurant , a waitress finally showed up . she fails to return to note our appetizer order was not delivered as requested . now our main course is wrong and no waitress ... no manager and no help . time and again we experienced horrible service at night . one year since we 've visited and the lack of service is stunning . no manager or waitress in the dining area .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hot beef dip sandwich became lukewarm by the time it got to the table . grilled chicken sandwich tasted like reheat ! nothing worse than that . noisy place with bad acoustics so that even out server had trouble communicating with us .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place ! great patio setting for us and our four legged family members . and they have our favorite brew el heffe , back on the menu . thank you and well done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place for my hubby and i to go to a date lunch . delicious food . waitress shauna was great . their passion ice tea is awesome , i 've had their fish and chips , best in town ; pot roast french dip and now chicken nachos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place we were so happy to see it come here to the valley we have one back home and we 're thrilled to come visit this one in summerlin . our waitress was great and the food was amazing as expected", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything we had was excellent . i had the hawaiian poke and cucumber salad . my son had the french toast which was absolutely delicious . my daughter had the noodles . my husband had the mahi mahi . i have never before seen my kids clean their plates the way that they did here . it was so good ! the pumpkin cheesecake was to die for ! the service was spot on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoyed everything about this place . great patio , delicious food and close to home ! sadly the hubs almost died from too much hot spice on his burger but they took it off the bill and made it right . will go back in patio weather for sure ! love seeing all the pups too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute atmosphere , dogs are allowed on the patio ! good lettuce wrap and pizza !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is good , staff is great and the fact that we can bring a dog in here is fantastic . good selection of food and apps but the best part is the beer on tap ! awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an exceptional waitress something close to jennifer . she kept all our drinks full and everyone happy all night . the food was good and the inside was great all night had the black and blue cheese burger it was great with the sweet potato tots and then got the cajun fries for happy hour which was from 9:00 pm to 12:00 pm . went with a work group was a great time overall the waitress deserved a raise she make everything amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of our favorite local spots and we go there regularly . the menu has a great selection and is sure to have something for any member of your party . my problem is always trying to decide which of their great items i want to choose during any given visit . i love their chicken pot pie , the beef dip sandwich . beef pot roast dinner and schnitzel ( seasonal item ) . they only reason that they do n't get a five star rating is due to the spotty nature of their service . on more than one occasion , we have sat for up to 10 minutes before ever having a server appear to greet us . we have had some really good servers and we have had some rather poor ones . it is a crap shoot as to which you will get when you are taken to your table . but , bottom line , the food is great , the portions are large and the prices are reasonable . we never hesitate to take our out of town guests there and we have never been disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "from the moment i sat at the bar i was unimpressed with this place . it was 4pm on a sunday . so it was n't busy and it was too slow . i must have sat at the bar for 10 minutes before the bartender greeted me . did n't catch her name but she was an asian female . i asked her for a food & drink menu and she never bothered to come back over and take my order . ridiculous . so i moved to a table hoping to get some service . my friends came , went spend about $ 200 on food and drinks between the 4 of us . the food was blah ( nachos , hummus , etc ) ... the drinks were waaaay watered down ( we tried several different ones on the menu ) . our waitress was ok , nothing special , nothing memorable . i just think there 's so many other good places to go in this area with better food and service . big disappointment : ( .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everthing here is 5 star ! the atmosphere , the music , the staff and the food are all top notch ! we have the best waiter ... miles ! if you 're looking for a great meal and good vibes this is the place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place with a nice menu . lots of good stuff . it 's really noisy in there but the service is good and the food is great ! not sure about the bring your dog to lunch thing , though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food ... good service ... and best idea - accommodating our furry kids ( dogs ) ! even the doggy food was amazing ! been here twice and tried a couple stuff from their menu . make sure to try the ones with the paw marks . recently , we ordered the spiral pasta in meat sauce , pot roast beef dip , white chocolate-chip brownie , the cucumber thyme lemonade and the grilled hamburger pattie for my furry kid - everything was amazing . try it ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a wednesday night for the happy hour from 9-closing . friends and i ordered almost every happy hour app and almost all of them were very good . the only one we did n't like we 're the cajun fries and the chipotle ranch sauce on the side . too much for us . but everything else was great and the house brews were very good as well . my personal favorites were the stouts , ipa , and lemon", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very poor service , our second time going we thought maybe the first we went was a friday night it was a little busy . so we thought going in on a tuesday night would be a different experience . but no we had poor service took a about 10 to 15 mins before a server came to us . it wasnt busy for any servers not to attend us promptly . waiters did not once check on us had to get up off our seats to look for a waiter to get condiments and to even ask for a refill of water.. we as well had to get up to look for the waiter for our check.. food was n't too great as well ! ! ! ! dont really recommend this place at all ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's always been a favorite especially the corn wheels , sadly i arrived today and found out they are no longer on the menu . from start to finish our waitress katie , was amazing . my g-ma is sometimes hard to please just cause she 's allergic to literally everything . but she managed to take our requests with ease , such a genuine personality . she topped it off at the end when my g-ma asked for wipes since she enjoyed their bbq ribs ! it was absolutely delicious btw . she soon came back and said we were out of wipes but i brought back a damp cloth for you . you can always make someone 's experience good with genuine customer service ! she 's a gem ! we enjoyed , our grandma and granddaughter dinner a little extra tonight with her help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here after a hike at red rocks with two friends that brought dogs . needless to say , the name was kind of a give-away that this place is pet friendly with a large accommodating patio to sit in . food was good . we had a tuna steak burger which came with a nice slaw . we also had a tater tot and carnitas hash , which i would have again . for libations they had fun lemonades and a nice beer selection , too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the experience is hit and miss . the only thing really consistent is the horrible hostess that , in two consecutive visits was not at her post and looked disheveled when she arrived . the waiters and waitresses are always on point but the food is never consistent . i go because i like the idea of bring your dog but the food could really use some quality control .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wish we had tried this place sooner ! the service , food and atmosphere were great . loved the outdoor dog-friendly patio seating . they have a decent lunch menu and although we were n't drinking today i took a look at the drink menu and it looks pretty awesome . they have a few sangrias and even do a sampler . same for beer maybe ? desserts looked good too . food came out in good time . the dog loved her chicken and rice . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant has become one of my favorites in vegas . the service and staff is amazing , and i 'm always more than excited to come back for more . finn made this evening even more special by providing my husband and i excellent one of a kind service . even though she had her station of customers she made us feel like her only table and took the time to get to know us and our likes and needs for what 's on the menu . we left not only satisfied by a wonderful dinner but we left knowing we have made a new friend because of how wonderful finn 's service was . she even made sure to use our names as she waived good bye to us . highly recommend this restaurant and want to say thank you to finn for making our date night even more special .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been to this place a few times now and every time it gets better and better ! we have brought four other groups with us now and every time they love it ! everything from the apps to the cocktails you can tell that everything is made with attention to detail and flavor . strongly recommend the mahi mahi tacos and mai tais", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you to our waitress , finn , who recommended the chicken poblano which was awesome ! my husband was very happy with his fish and chips also . oh , and we also had the inside out quesadilla for an appetizer ; again , yummy ! great dinner and waitress !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met up with a friend i have n't seen while here . before eating here i looked up the place . i mentioned to her that she can bring her dog if she wants and the menu seemed to offer a good variety of food . she ordered a sandwich off their lunch menu and i ordered the fried chicken . chicken was good but it 's more like chicken fried steak . i was expecting traditional fried chicken . still it was a delicious meal so not a big deal , though i 'm sure future patrons who are pickier will point that out . i also had the jamaican lemonade ? it was very tart . it probably could use more sugar , or less lemonade . i would come again here if i 'm at summerlin side of town . would like to try the rest of the menu . price is very good as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lazy dog in summerlin has a great energy to it , and the staff is always friendly and attentive ! always a great choice on a friday night !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was great . the service ruined it . we had the pesto chicken salad and spicy thai chicken salad . we also had the mashed potato hush puppies . they 're great ! lazy dog gets two stars because of the service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "little flies buzzing around . not a good sign . food is mostly pre- made . i 'll pass this one from now on", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice place with a good atmosphere but crazy slow service . our waitress while super nice was not at attentative . after our apps we had to practically beg someone to take our plates away . asking for water was at least 15 min . we were n't in a rush so it would n't have been that bad . we complained about all the apps because they were not very good at all and did get a nice `` thanks for your feedback '' . i had the new schnitzel and it was awful . pounded so thin that there was more breading then meat .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place . has great food and the cocktails are really good . happy hour is the best . the bar area is nice and good number of tvs to watch all the different sports on . the service was great and our waiter was very attentive and friendly . the place has plenty of parking and it 's very big inside so plenty of tables . they have so many choices on the menu that i 'll need to go back to try them all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is just ok , same with the service , but do n't bother getting carry out because they will mess up your order . they have gotten our take out order wrong 4 times now , so we wo n't be eating there again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we love their tortilla soup . server was excellent ... attentive and friendly . ambiance was ok ... ... it could have been much better , but we were seated at a table where there was a ton of traffic and noise . would recommend but request a booth away from the bar area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "run ! do n't walk to lazy dogs ! ! all food & cocktails are made from scratch , from sauces to their simple syrups and grenadine.. i had a champagne mojito and was sad when it was gone ! the american burger was juicy and flavorful , the chicken teriyaki was perfect and not too sweet.. the kids meal portions were large , and the brownie dessert was incredible ... we liked the prices too ... 2 adult entrees , 3 child entrees drinks , a cocktail and dessert for around $ 50 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly and efficient dry cleaner . competitive prices ( 1.99 per shirt ! ) and convenient . also have had pants shortened perfectly . i visit this spot weekly and could n't be happier !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe what just happened ! they fixed a few pair of pants for me but one of them was not done properly so i brought it back and the lady told me it would be 5 $ to get it done . so i told her that it was part of the batch of pants i just brought and she looked at it again and told me it was not done professionally so could n't be her . i usually do n't go anywhere else so i know for sure it was here . so she basically told me i was lying and that i must have got the wrong pants and refused to do it for free . because they are in the subway they do n't value their customers as they always change but calling me a liar , getting a bad review and losing a client for 5 $ ! ? ! ? i will never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "their prices are decent and the couple who work there are courteous and diligent with schedules . sometimes when things come back the small fixes are attended to free of charge , which is fantastic ! highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been going to inkz for a few years . these guys are the most friendly and down to earth people you will meet . i love the vibe and atmosphere here . it 's a plus that their work always turns out great . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "andy was great ! it was the friday the 13th special and he took me in before the place even opened because i was close in town . what a great establishment and i really love how they take pride in their work . i love my two small new tattoos ! i reccomended this place to all my friends and they too went there and got theirs done . great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm glad i found javier and his shop . great free hand work ! i have 3 tats and i love them ! ca n't wait to have javier do more work ... ... i got some blank skin and ideas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my girls came in here to get matching friendship tattoos ... we all left super happy ... the tattoo artist are amazing ... also very friendly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unprofessional business owners ! ! more interested in money than people and employees . they do n't care about patients and fired loyal employees with no notice . find another dental practice ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "update : beware ! ! finally ! ! received response ! ! he feels his works is `` perfect '' and he could have never made an error . he also insist that i place a claim with the ohio dental board , he even offered to place complaint himself ? ? never did i expect him to be cocky about this or unproffesional but i will take his advice and do so . i also seek some legal advice regarding the matter and will be placing a small claims case with avon lake court . good thing we own three homes and one being in ohio still so a visit will be coming.. btw : dr. douglas voier also did not like the fact that i made this honest review regarding his crown work on yelp and google . in his refusal letter he sent me he mentioned the review , so apparently this bothered his ego a bit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my dentist must have sold them his patient list before moving to illinois . i walked in to have a crown re-attached . my dentist ( b. costaras ) was not their . they did have one of the dentists available to re-attach it . when i went to pay for it and set-up an appointment for cleaning and check-up ! the fee to re-attach was $ 65 , but they charged my credit card $ 95 ! also take notice the charge amount does not display in the signiture pad ! i called to request a credit and courtney said it would take several weeks and had no explaination for the additional $ 30 . aurasmile just called to let me know dr costaras would not be their this week for my appointment ! we cancelled ... and disputed the credit card transaction !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "crossroads farm is an excellent hunter-jumper barn with a trainer owner ( so emphasis is on riding and horses instead of profit ) ! a wide range of riders who have everything : ponies , quarter horses , thoroughbreds , and warmbloods . the prices are excellent , too . i was surprised to find a barn within 30 minutes of the south mountain area that is reasonable with excellent training and a fun , down-to-earth crowd . http : www.crossroadsfarm.com", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought crossroads farm lessons were good enough until i went to a different stable . the group lessons are not very effective and the tack is not in good shape . one lady actually fell off her horse because the stirrup strap broke . hopefully they have improved since i was there which was about a year ago .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "calla has been lessening here for two years . they take rally good care of our horse todd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter became interested in horse riding about a year and a half ago . after speaking with several friends and searching online , we decided to take lessons at crossroads . we knew nothing about riding horses coming for the dance world . from day one joanne , the trainer , took the time to explain everything we would need know . the lesson were an hour but lasted about an hour and half . we did n't immediately jump on a horse and ride . she took the time to explain proper horse care , how to place all the items on the hose and of course proper riding technique . we take lessons 1x a week and she competed in her first show in may 2017 . she placed 1st and 3rd ! during the summer they offered pony camp and my daughter fell in love even more with riding . they had activities , riding , water play and snacks . haley has also been our instructor , when joanne is on vacation and we enjoyed her as well . the patients and knowledge that joanne and haley have shown our daughter is beyond amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was initially attracted to crossroads due to the asu affiliation . the trainer turnover is the highest i 've encountered . police activity associated with boarding locks and domestic activity was concerning on the property . shop around before you sign ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "did not use this tow company . instead , i was almost murdered while driving my kids to the museum because of this insane tow truck driver . i would not want my car to be towed by this maniac .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 used kjr towing and was extremely pleased with the service . they were on time , helpful , and careful with his car . he was very happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the driver of this tow truck was getting on the freeway and almost clipped the front of my car . my fianc\u00e9 had to slam on the breaks while we had our 2 year old in the back seat and i am pregnant . if he would have hit our civic on the passenger side he would have possibly killed me and my unborn child . the negligence of this driver is amazing . after making some weird motions with his arms at us he continued on and dangerously cut off another vehicle ! ! ! you or your drivers need a lesson in driving and sharing the road ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i , also , was almost plowed over by the owner `` kevin '' driving his big tow truck ... .following me and honking loudly . he wanted me to drive directly into traffic so he could get around me , and almost caused an accident with his swerving around me . he needs to lose his license !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my client who owns a body shop is standing here with me as we wait for his car to be towed . zane uses kjr towing all the time i ca n't wait to meet this guy he said he 'll be here in 12 minutes how 's that for accuracy and quickness", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just reported this vehicle to 911 . he was zig zagging through traffic and almost cut the top of my vehicle ( and my body ) with the bed of his truck going approximately 65+ west bound on guadalupe just before arizona ave . i was moving into the left lane ( passing a slow vehicle ) from the right and he zoomed in from the emergency lane . i did not see him until he came flying over . if i did not slam my brakes ( endangering vehicles behind me ) , i would be in the hospital . he turned his emergency lights on just as he was cutting everyone off from the center lane . emergency lights on a tow truck never warrant the use of the center lane . that is for police , fire , and emts . i called the company as well and they said to do whatever i felt to `` feel better '' about it and that it was an emergency . it was almost my emergency . here are the pics . never ever recommend these folks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "showed up in the time frame that was given , got the car up on the truck very quickly and very professionally . confirmed drop off location and went on his way . wish i knew the mans name ! would use them again when i need to tow ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used this towing company and was very satisfied with the service . he was prompt and very good at what he does . i stood there to watch and make sure he was n't careless . although some of the other reviews say he 's a bad driver ( lol ) , i guess i 'll see if my car was delivered in one piece ( haha ) . he was very courteous and patient with me . i 'd definitely recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used kjr towing for all of my towing for many years . excellent service , on time and professional . they have great rates and there always there when i need them . i highly recommend kjr towing to everyone . thank you , tina 's custom counter tops", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worse experience i 've ever had : 1 . rude 2 . said to meet him at the arco before 5:30 . i called him at 5:15 and said i just pulled into arco . he said he 's on his way but never showed up . when i called at 5:50 he said something came up . 3 . when i finally got my car back it mysteriosly does n't work . he said `` here you can try getting it to start '' 4 . i notice deep scratches on my rims that was n't there before i asked him why my car wo n't work his response was `` idk what happened . my driver picked up your car '' and to top it all off the tow bill came out to be $ 225 smh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in a sea of so called `` businesses '' , kjr towing was a standout for service , pricing , and reliability . over a one month period , i had the unfortunate experience of needing both of my vehicles towed multiple times . i had several scheduling and logistics challenges . at one point i did n't think some issues could be overcome but the owner himself got into one of the tow trucks to personally handle some issues so i could meet the timeframe we had previously agreed on . i found that impressive on a busy weekend . service : outstanding . pricing : fair and competitive . reliability : outstanding ! i give kjr my highest recommendation . kira phoenix arizona", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this particular mcdonalds provides terrible service . the order is never correct and the food is not properly prepared .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "insanely slow service . for as long as it takes for them to get an order of 2 drinks ready , you 'd expect them to be correct .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "easily the worst run mcdonalds i 've ever been to . routinely mess up orders , and drive thru takes much longer than normal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i could give zero stars . worst mcdonalds ever . we end up here every now and then because we live nearby . not one time have they gotten the order correct even when we ask three separate times . very unfriendly and lazy . go to chic fil a across the street .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we found this gem while we were waking around looking for lunch . as a couple of a writer and an artist , we were immediately pulled into the store . from the moment we stepped through the door , the staff was incredibly friendly . they were extremely knowledgeable and offered to answer any and alk questions we had about the various papers and writing instruments available- they even pulled out some rare products from the back to show us . they were always polite and never pushy about the sale . we could have easily spent hours here chatting it up with the awesome staff if we did n't realize about forty minutes in that we were starving . this is the kind of store you can excited to visit as an adult . the products are top quality and very reasonably priced and the staff is over-the-top-amazing . our biggest disappointment is that this is too far away from nyc for us to frequent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this stationery shoppe ! my husband and i got everything we needed to make our own wedding invitations , our daughter 's baptism invitations and more recently , birthday invitations . every time i have visited , russell , the owner , has spent tons of time with me and he always goes way out of his way to help me with my invitation projects . once he had over-nighted material from chicago so that i could have what i needed asap . i love to take time out to investigate all of russell 's fun finds - he travels all over the world to fill his store with great and unique stationery supplies . if you love high-end paper , pens , stationery and office supplies ( once i purchased lovely adhesive tape imported from japan ) , then you need to check out this store ! on a side note , russell is a big supporter of the montreal art community . the second floor of the store is dedicated to local artists .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful place , great service , lots of one - of- a -kind or difficult to find products , the owner , russell , is very helpful , open to your suggestions for something you 'd like to buy but ca n't find , no attitude , no snobbery . i 've been a customer of his since he was in westmount , & have been going back ever since . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "j'ai longtemps \u00e9t\u00e9 un inconditionnel des calepins , dans lesquels je consignais de nombreuses informations . aujourd'hui , avec les t\u00e9l\u00e9phones portables , dictaphone num\u00e9rique , ordinateur portable et autres appareils mobiles , je me rend compte que \u00e7a fait plus d'un an que je n'en ai achet\u00e9 aucun . aussi , je dois admettre que je ne fais pas partie de la client\u00e8le vis\u00e9e par cette papeterie , car les carnets des magasins \u00e0 un dollar m'ont toujours satisfait . aussi , pour quelqu'un qui cherche un format de carnet en particulier , qu'il soit tr\u00e8s petit ou tr\u00e8s grand , carr\u00e9 , rectangulaire ou filiforme , cette papeterie est id\u00e9ale . le personnel est courtois et le choix tr\u00e8s grand . donc , c'est une belle papeterie , qu'appr\u00e9cieront ceux qui sont pr\u00e8s \u00e0 payer entre 10 et 30 dollars pour un carnet ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nota bene stocks unique products and the store owner is simply amazing . he knows all his products well , travels everywhere to find more interesting things to bring back and helps out the montreal art community with his upstairs gallery . check it out and support a great local business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "welcome to wonderland . crack for designers and anyone who loves paper goods , stationary , design books , etc . russell , the owner , is full of knowledge . they have the space pen referenced in seinfeld for sale ! he so graciously showed me various pens and answered every question . new and vintage designs . i could spend hours here . i 'll probably go tomorrow . yup , sounds good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree with betty . this is the best god damn stationary store i 've ever been to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bookstores and other stationary stores could learn a little somethin ' somethin ' about how to wrap their merchandise from papeterie nota bene . this little gem is stationary narnia . the first visit would most definitely bring back the lost romance of written letters and love for inky pens . they have a unique selection of agendas , notebooks , and sketchbooks , so you 're bound to not get the same thing as someone else . the array of old fashion typewriters on display tickles my writing bug every time . its location being right beside pikolo caf\u00e9 is a perfect combination to get rid of any writer 's block .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the people who work there are helpful , attentive , knowledgeable , and are also stationary geeks . the store is well stocked , clean , organized possibly by ocd gnomes ( even things at feet level are well organized ) . the upper level has a really great and interesting selection of books on design . worth a browse , peruse , or to satisfy your itch for awesome stationary .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking for papers or notebooks ? ? ? ? and why would anyone ? because we use computers now ! normally i would n't buy papers , nor do i know much about papers . however i indeed need physical writing materials for physical writing tools . and this is the place ! ! ! if you 're looking for large-size art supply papers , deserres is your destination . here at nota bene , they sell more sketchbooks and notebooks . they have blank , lined , dotted , graph papers , watercolour paper , fountain pen paper , cheap note-taking paper . whatever . they are mostly handheld sizes . and you will find niche brands here like maruman , which i love . this is by no means the `` cute stationary '' place . if you prefer hello kitty or decorations , look elsewhere ! but for quality paper , i found mine here . i do n't find the prices too expensive either . i 've already visited this shop three times !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can get lost in here for hours , even though it 's not that big . there is clearly a lot of care taken by the proprietor in choosing the most aesthetically pleasing and functional materials for all your writing needs . there is also a small section of art books in the upstairs space . staff is friendly and helpful , big plus ! it 's definitely on the pricey side ( i would n't necessarily come here for basics ) but you definitely get what you pay for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best store for stationary goods . it has everything . it 's such a beautiful store and i want to buy everything . the staff is so helpful and knowledgable . i have no complaints about this place whatsoever . this is a must see if you are visiting montreal or if you want to buy some fancy school or work supplies . it is pricier than buying normal school supplies but they will look so much better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked out with half a dozen notebooks that i simply had to have , for no particular reason . all different brands , none of which i 'd ever heard of before . in retrospect , i spent too much , but at the moment they all seemed like a bargain . i was too entranced with the paper goods to play with the writing implements , but they seemed similarly well curated . the only bags i noticed were by manhattan portage , which feels a little too mainstream , but maybe that 's because i 'm from manhattan . the window displays are witty invitation to visit , and the friendly staff offers personalized service in appealing , low-key surroundings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stationary shop ? this is a candy shop for students , writers and general pen wielders with a particular sweet spot for pretty graphic things . thankfully you can leave guilt and cavity free , because between the stacks of fresh notebooks and bins of colourful pens to make you drool , stand a very present , courteous and knowledgeable staff who are willing to help you find what you need . they sell some of their moleskines individually , too . in short : a place to spend some time in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what could be better than papeterie nota bene ? every kind of notebook imaginable , pens , pencils , erasers , envelopes , paper stock , card stock , ink pens , calendars , design books , etc . knowledgable staff with a passion for stationery , something which is increasingly hard to find . definitely worth a visit if you are looking for quality stationery products .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nota bene is a great place to satisfy a paper craving . when i was is school this place would save me when i was in a pinch and needed a special type of paper to print a project on . they have a whole wall of different types of paper , which gives you the option of buy only a few sheets , to a whole package . it 's great if you need to mix and match . i would recommend this place to anyone needing paper for a printing or publication project , as well as wedding invitations . besides the paper , they also have a large variety of notebooks and pens , which is quite pleasing to browse through .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "`` this is the best god damn stationary store i 've ever been in . '' `` welcome to wonderland . '' yep . that about sums it up . rhodia pads ? check . clairefontaine ? more than you can imagine . fabriano ? yeah , sure , if you must . it 's a wonderful , wonderful store , staffed with people who have a real passion for pen and paper , and because of this , there 's no better place to shop for pen and paper !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for years since i was a student at mcgill . it has the best collection of office pen stationary supplies . i go here every time i go to montreal to stock up . the staff is very knowledgeable and kind if you would like assistance searching for a particular item . this place is a gem . yes , it 's expensive , but it could n't be more worth it . they have products that ca n't be purchased anywhere else in canada or the us . it 's heaven .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware if you are a student : you can easily spend an entire week 's worth of groceries money here . this place is great for notebooks of all kinds . spectacular selection . i will certainly be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yeah . unless you are a hipster with a huge budget you will find this place extremely expensive . they do have a good selection of 'le pen '", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely great . short walk from our hotel , friendly staff , wide variety of brands from all around , plenty of space and time to browse . husband and i realized we shared a love of pens paper in a way we had n't discovered before . we both walked out purchases we love . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is a papergoods-lovers ' dream . so many high quality notebooks and stationary . plus a great selection of pens and pencils . prices can be a bit expensive for some of the higher end paper brands but overall great selection and range of need - both in terms of cost and the items themselves .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved this place so much , it has a beautiful interior , which created a great relaxing atmosphere.the products were all so beautiful and it hit my soft spot that they had a lot of japanese products ( i 'm japanese ) . they had many different brands of notebooks and pens , which gave me a variety of options to choose from . the workers there seem really friendly too , and ready to answer any questions . i just expected it to be slightly bigger in size somehow , but i will definitely come back for more stationery !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful art books and a colourful envelope and card selection ! this place is great - with one main floor stocking loads of pens , notebooks , cards and paper and a mezzanine with art books and various storage options . they 've got a great store display window , and they always wrap up your purchases in a brown bag with some washi tape . their selection is arguably the best in all of montreal , there 's no doubt about it . i only give them four stars because the service can be at times a little too stuffy . i can understand loss prevention concerns but it 's difficult to browse with someone practically breathing down your neck . along with that , the prices are a bit high for certain things , especially books and inks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in terms of stuff they have , you 're never going to walk in here and not want to buy everything . their only issue is how overpriced they are to cover for the shipping and handling of their imports ( since they have german japanese etc notebooks ) . love it still , such a nice place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best store of its kind i 've ever come across . great selection , super helpful but not overbearing staff . ca n't wait to return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nota bene has been my stationary heaven since '06 , when i first moved to montreal . this gem , on parc avenue , has cheered up many cold afternoons of mine during my studies . the collection at the store is wonderful . you 'll find high quality paper , notebooks , pens , pencils , and calendars from all corners of the world . you step in the store , and it 's as if the noise of the world goes away and you 're left with the smell of fresh paper , the smile of the shop owner , and a world of ( often affordable ) stationary gems . i highly recommend the store . i 've bought a lot over the years from them ; have given their items as gifts on numerous occasions ; and have always left the store with a smile on my face . a must-see in montreal , in my book .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an amazing place . visiting the store makes me so happy that i could die in there . full of inspiration .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best god damn stationary store i 've ever been in . they have so much great stuff , and the staff are so helpful and friendly . they did not judge me when i chose a non recycled note book over one with recycled paper . i hate recycling . i ca n't find a place to review that so i will do it here : i hate recycling it 's a waste of time and it does n't really help all that much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if high-quality and unique notebooks , writing implements and assorted paper products are your thing , you 'll enjoy every minute you spend at papeterie nota bene . the shop owner is as nice as they come . make the trip . it 's worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ahhh , just the enjoyment of writing an update about nota bene . i 've been going there for a number of years now and every trip is an enjoyment . russell , the owner , is such a great guy and sets the bar exceedingly high for serving his clients . he 's become a friend , to the point where i actually bumped into him at frankfurt airport ! ! if i was to create my own ideal neighborhood , then russell and nota bene would be right there on the top of my list .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "both the store and the staff are amazing . i looked around with a couple of specific things in mind , but they have such a huge selection of stationary material and pens that ended up getting lost in my own thoughts . i ended up asking an employee ( who happened to be the owner ) and he brought me everything i was looking for . great service , great selection , great store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good service , lots of help to be offered . super cute store and a central location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i looked all over for the island of montreal for some decent quality paper to write my letters.. i am so glad i found this store . it sells a variety of different styles of paper and envelopes . nice pens too . the sales people were helpful and spoke english and french", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great supply of paper , pens , notebooks by great brands . russell helped me and is super knowledgeable . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great shop . i have been going there for about five years and always recognize the owner there . they have a great selection of writing instruments and paper products . i like how they have a lot of things from europe and even asia . products that you ca n't find anywhere else . i will continue stopping by here each time i am in montreal . the place is very european .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upon moving to montreal , one of my first orders of business was to scout out stationery and art supply stores . as fortune would have it , our temporary housing was right down the street from this phenomenal store . they boast high quality paper products and fine writing implements , as well as excellent customer service and a cozy atmosphere where you are free to browse to your hearts content . there is a small gallery space upstairs ( which i understand will be renovated soon ) . nota bene , you have a new regular customer here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fancy products , amazing service and very knowledgable , very nice clean store and modern and just cool and fun ! definitely just check this place out for fun if you do n't plan on buying .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "accueil tr\u00e8s peu aimable et prix exorbitants ! des trousses made in india \u00e0 $ 15 minimum , $ 42 pour un bloc de papier de correspondance ... l'art ou la mani\u00e8re de ne pas revoir ses clients .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as an avid paper and pen lover , i thoroughly enjoyed this store . there are so many types of notebooks here , all with different kinds of paper inside . you can easily find the well-known rhodia or clairfontaine brands , but i was happy to find different brands from japan and other places . as for pens and pencils , there is a wide range , whether it 's fountain pens or pencils for drafting , etc . if i lived in montreal , i 'd be a regular customer here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the beginning and end as far as stationary goes when you 're in the downtown core . great service , superior products . a must if you 're a pen notebook hound like yours truly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love 2001 cleaners . i only have a few items that need to be dry cleaned , but these guys always do the job . pretty standard , really . come in , drop off your stuff and come back next day to pick it up . always done with a smile and you ca n't really go wrong . here 's a tip : drop off your stuff on wednesdays . 25 % off and you can drop off anytime during the day . pretty darn good deal . these guys and gals are always friendly and helpful . also , their seamstress is very nice . she fixed a pair of linen slacks that i have ( who says `` linen slacks in a yelp review anyways ? ) and did a great job . great job , 2001 . keep truckin ' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am super picky about dry cleaning and finally found 2001 cleaners . been using for over a year and they have n't disappointed . super nice to work with and they do a great job . i have sent in a couple of items over they year where they thought they would n't be able to clean the item and i was very pleased with the results . they also offer a discount on wed for dry cleaning . even better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had some clothes dry cleaned here a few days ago . the turn around was a day , which was awesome , but my favorite sweater feels hard and scratchy now and looks a little pilled . i think they messed it up - ca n't be sure since it was the first time i took it to the cleaners but i 'm not going back . the cost for pants was about $ 6 and about $ 3 for sweaters ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "waste of money . i signed the $ 99 a month contract for two yrs for my entire body ( face , torso , arms , privates & legs ) . my contract ends in a month and i 'm not satisfied with my results . after 2 years of multiple treatments ( more than 10 on almost every part of my body ) , i 'm still getting hair . it only works on dark , thick hair , so bikini , underarms and lower legs . the only 3 areas that have left me somewhat satisfied . it will not work if you only have dark hair , light skin . it needs to also be pube thick hair lol . 6-8-10 treatments will not be enough ladies , keep that in mind . and scheduling is a joke . they are crazy booked .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i paid $ 1000.00 for all hair removal , treatments for one year . underarms- great ! lower legs- already have more growth ( black hair ) bikini - done except the white hairs , which i was warned about . facial- not a difference- still must wax shave had my lower legs not regrown , i 'd have no complaints . should the company wish to rectify that , i will delete this review .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first time i went it was great and pain free . second time i went they said their normal machine was broken and used an older version on me . this one hurt pretty bad but it was tolerable . afterwards my armpits felt like they were on fire i went and got aloe vera to put on them . i had dark spots on my underarms that stayed for three weeks . i called and complained and the manager told me that `` she used the same machine on herself '' ... like that matters to me or my dark marks on my arms . never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the pricing is good and the girls are great but ... . good luck getting an appointment . they oversell groupons and packages and they do not have the manpower to keep up with it all . their current schedule is full thru the end of the year . i asked to be let out of my contract since i ca n't get an appointment and they refused . do yourself a favor and go somewhere that can handle their clients needs . this company is only concerned with getting people signed up and not performing the service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff is very friendly and at least acts like they are genuine but the actual laser service is horrible ! i thought i was getting a great deal in the beginning because they really talk you up and get you excited about reducing tricky hair growth ... but after more than 4 times of going i saw 0 % difference ! in fact.. my hair growth became way worse ! ! their claims were that you will see up to a 30 % difference after each visit . i have heard before that they turn their settings way low so you have to have a ridiculous number of visits to see a difference . it 's now been over a year since i wrote my first review for simplicity and i decided to try a different laser spa to see if laser is not a good match for me or if simplicity truly sucks . after my very first treatment at a different place , i see at least a 40 % reduction in hair growth ! wow simplicity ... way to cheat people out of money !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for almost a year and typically have good experiences . i felt compelled to write today because i 've an unusually negative experience today . i came for my appointment at 5:30 and was told my appointment was n't until 7:20 to which i replied woah no . then she said oh it 's at 6:30 ... so who really knows what time it was at other than the 5:30 which it was scheduled for by me . either way , i get there are human errors but the way alyssa handled the situation was rude . she was very short with me and made no effort to accommodate me being there but has been so nice to every other person that has come in . i feel sad to say but because of her a 5 star review went to a 2 star .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do not waste your money ! this place is a scam , and you 're never going to see results . i have just completed my tenth treatment , and have seen zero hair reduction . i have previously received laser hair removal from a different establishment , and after just one treatment i saw significant hair reduction . in my opinion , i have a feeling they keep the laser settings on extremely low to make sure you have to keep coming back for treatments . i have heard the same complaints from multiple friends who received treatment here , and other reviews here also back this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beware if you are a groupon customer ! ! they do n't turn up the laser to what they normally . i can see some results after 6 sessions but i will be getting waxed before hawaii .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they 're only concerned about taking your money ! ! i have been going to this place for almost three years for my underarms . even after many treatments , hair still grows out ! ! ! ! you wo n't be satisfied so just use the money and try other places instead !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very sweet technician . easy to get an appointment . bought a groupon and am on my 5th visit and still have hair in the treated area . i am a little suspicious that because i have a groupon that the tech is doing a super quick job and not more thorough so that she can recommend a few more visits after the groupon runs out , to collect more $ $ . i could be wrong , but i had laser before in the same area , and noticed immediate results .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok so.. i to am a grouponer ... got the brazilian 6 treatments.. everytime i get a different girl.. so their technique is different as well as i have to be specific on certain areas that they tend to miss . the price is ok , i feel like they try to upsell me more treatments everytime i go in ... ( whats new ) they say you get a free numbing cream.. never got that.. they are pretty booked up so getting an appointment is pretty hard . their laser techs : are either estheticians , or worked in med spas ... . so their certifications really vary here . the procedure i reccomend : i saw pretty good results , ive missed one and it seems everything is growing still.. so we shall see . but over all you need more than just the 6 treatments they start you with .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a groupon and decided to try this place out . the place is clean . the ladies are always pleasant and professional . i am very happy with my results so far . i , personally , have never had any problem with scheduling or rescheduling . the only complaint is that it is a bit far from my house , but there is nothing to be done about that . the above address is incorrect . they have moved to 870 seven hills drive in henderson . i would definitely recommend them to anyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've gotten both my underarms $ 99 and bikini $ 100 area done . i first began with simplicity through groupon but now they offer the same deals without having to go through groupon . they 're about 3 miles from my place and my wait time is under 5 minutes and so is the treatment . they 're always extremely friendly and when i 've had to rebook for any reason , its never been a problem , so i dont know why people are giving negative points based on canceling appointments and charges but i always pay in cash all the time . i wish i 'd done this much sooner , ya know ? today will be my 7th treatment for my bikini area , so its time to apply dr. numb , ciao ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would never go back ! waste of money and time . they do not put the lasers on the level they should be so you will never see results . the only way to get the word out there is to file a quick complaint with the bbb and if they do n't respond to your questions or complaints , it 's their business that suffers . if people are not happy with the services , then they should n't be stuck in a contract . beware of this place . i am at ideal image now and it is phenomenal . also , beware that the appointments are very hard to get and if you miss one you will not get in for weeks after the fact . please do not go to simplicity laser for any treatments .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "professional - friendly and 90 % of the time very timely ! i see justine as she always takes her time and you never feel rushed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love simplicity laser ! ! i bought the unlimited membership and that was the best money i ever spent ! if you want to get rid of the razors and shaving cream go with them . staff makes you feel comfortable and they are so friendly . do n't hesitate any longer give them a call . you 'll love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pros : pricing , service cons : appointments are booked our weeks and weeks ahead and if you cancel , you 're sol . several times we got called in the day of service that laser broke . we were promised a call back with a prompt reschedule and both times nobody called . we had to reschedule a few days later and in a different office further away .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "research before you sign up ! ! ! ! ! they sell you 18 month packages and the average sessions needed is 6-8 ! ! ! ! ! do the math ! ! ! ! rip offf ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my sister and i both use this office and always have great service . we both suffer from an abundance of facial hair that caused grey patches on our face ( dark hair under light skin ) . we are 3 4 of the way through our membership and have had wonderful results . her face had dramatic improvement after just a couple sessions while mine took around 10 or so . i had some reduction but the hair themselves would not thin out . we go to our appts together and see the same person . there is nothing different about our sessions which shows how much the hair , hormones , etc . contribute to the results . i love the girls in the office . we always have nice exchanges and even when they 've had a customer who 's on the sassy side , they still remained cordial . is was truly surprised to see the negative comments about the front desk girls !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i felt compelled to write a review because the overall rating is so bad . i did treatments for 2 years and am satisfied with the results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visit the summerlin location- i initially purchased my treatments through groupon . i started with my full face . the treatment was almost painless and i was in and out in 20 minutes . i did n't break out or have any sensitivity . 4 weeks after my first visit i noticed that my hair took longer to grow out and was finer . i called back and signed up for full body treatment . my hair is very dark , and course and naturally grows very fast . i 've treated my abs , legs , lower back , full face and underarms . i am so happy with my treatments . i feel like the money i spend is so worth it ! ! i 'm glad i chose simplicity over another laser hair removal company . i feel very lucky that i found a company that has knowledgeable staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place does not have certified laser technicians . actually most of them were hired off the street with no prior experience nor any type of training . there is no law in nevada that says they have to be certified however this place advertises that their staff is . their lasers are consistently breaking down . the girls are rude and so young that i feel they ca n't relate to me . terrible place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went for my first treatment yesterday . i 've had laser hair removal before and had great results , but am very leery of simplicity . the tech used the laser to sweep over the area for literally 30 seconds and said she was done . i have very little hair to begin with and they have already started growing in again today . i am pretty sure they put the lasers on really low settings and do a quick sweep rather than taking their time to pinpoint each follicle so clients will have to return and do way more sessions than necessary . i would go somewhere else that costs more and actually gets the job done .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had my first appointment . they were very friendly , personable , and professional . it is a quick treatment . while it is the first appointment , the laser was set at its lowest settings . it 's gunna suck as it gets to the higher settings in the later sessions but that is just how laser hair removal is . i believe the prices here are great . their schedule workswell with my schedule . i will come back and update at a later session .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time laser hair removal went really well ! laura was my tech , she was very knowledgeable and made me feel very comfortable . the laser process was quick and painless . i 'm looking forward to my upcoming visits and adding extra areas as well ! i highly recommend having treatments here . the price is good and they run on time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nicole is amazing ! super quick and painless . the new laser is even better in that it shoots cooler air than the last . not sure if it is better than the old one but i 'm happy to know that i do n't have to worry about pain . i had laser treatments on my face and those required numbing cream before each treatment ; the treatments were still painful ! i have been going for about 5 months and have noticed some results . either way i love simplicity because the monthly cost is low and the staff is amazing . especially nicole ! do n't forget to tip : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wasted time . took 3 weeks to book a facial , unfortunately forgot to bring my certificate so i asked the receptionist to locate it from the account of whom gave me the certificate . took 20 mins to find out they ca n't while the other receptionist has done it before so i figured i did not need to bring it this time . so i wanted to pay for it. , they collect upfront before the facial service. , i had only cash but they do not accept cash . 1 and half hour and gas of my day wasted ! worst part is they had attitude including the esthethician who was going to do my facial .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been doing this for two years ! the ladies that work at this clinic are extremely professional , accommodating , and some of the sweetest people i have ever met . they make you feel like you were more than just a client . they genuinely care about your treatment , how things are going with you , and making sure that you are comfortable . i have recommended this place to multiple people . everyone of my friends has been extremely satisfied . more businesses need to hire ladies like the ones that work here . you 'll get the most amazing customer service as well as amazing results ! ! ! if you have ever wanted to get her visa removal this is where you need to go ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to simplicity for 2 years straight and it was amazing but that location shut down . this was my second time coming to the henderson location and i only needed to do my chin ( which takes less than 5 minutes ) . my appointment was at 12:45 and i was n't seen until 1:20 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best laser hair removal and facials in vegas ! ! ! i have been all over getting facials and it is hands down the best price for the treatment ! ! ! also they have the best prices for laser in town ! check them out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hmmmm , i give a 1 star rating and now , after having the same email for 13+ years and never receiving spam mail , im getting several sent everyday ! beware maybe its just a coincidence but i really doubt it , way to handle business simplicity !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been getting my facial with sandy at simplicity henderson for months . she is awesome ! ! ! i 'm so relaxed after my visit with her . simplicity have the best price for a good quality of service . i highly recommend simplicity especially getting facial with sandy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they changed their laser to new '' upgraded '' version . well the new laser is a piece of crap . after 3 treatments with it have not lost a single hair and i 'm a great candidate fair skin black hair . told the girl to increase the setting and she stated she will , but i do n't feel anything during the laser treatment . i had it done with their old laser and i felt a rubber band snap but i got great results . no issues with scheduling , but if you want results do n't go there . disappointed and $ 1000 spend in waste .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been going to this office for some time now . the staff is amazing . things you should know for laser hair removal . facts you will see results if you go to the appointments as they advise . are you going to see results right way ... it depends on your body . its a human body with hormes the change as does the hair growth and stimulation of new hair growth . that being major factor for any one person going , be aware that it does happen but may take time . i have pcos which causes major hair growth . it was beyond horrific for me . i now have barely any hair growth and i am fully aware that i will have to continue treatment as directed due to the fact the human body has changing hormones . this for me is not a problem as the results are more than worth it . i hope you give it a chance and have patience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know why this place is getting such bad reviews ! i see people complaining that they do n't turn the laser up high enough on the groupon deal ... i ca n't agree with that ! they turned it up as high as they dared for my easily burned flesh ! i had a full beard when i started , and after just one treatment , my flesh was tender , but the swelling went down within a couple of hours . after a month of growth , my beard was sparse and growing slowly . i normally had a five o'clock shadow after only 10 hours after shaving ! ! ! ! after 8 treatments , i have gone from 10,000 hairs ( trust me , i tried plucking them individually ! ) to approximately 20 hairs . of course , i 'm going to give them 5 stars ! ! i love these folks ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to the henderson location for 6 months now . everyone is always polite and i get in and out quickly . i have only had to cancel and reschedule once . it was no issue at all . i told my husband to come here as well . he agreed to try it out . he loves it ! he 's gone 3 times for back , chest , and stomach . great results . he 's happy he agreed to do it . i say if you 've been wanting to do laser hair removal , go to simplicity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ... facials are amazing and totally affordable ! ! staff is friendly and accommodating", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the manager has since contacted me and offered me some services in order to apologize for the unfortunate circumstances which i do appreciate . the good thing is i have been very happy with the techs ... also as a result of my letter to the business they now have a number to where you can reach the location directly . that should help resolve any issues that you may have .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been going to simplicity for four months and am absolutely in love with my results , i typically have allisan for my assistant and she is wonderful . i have never had less than the most perfect service every time i attend a treatment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if time is important to you - go to another company for this service ! ! although they have great customer service and support - there is always a delay of some sort - have never been taken in on time for my appointment ! ! every damn appointment - be prepared to sit and wait - never have i been called in sooner than waiting 15 minutes after my appointment time - even when nobody is in the damn waiting room !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nicole was friendly . quick . in & out . 1st appointment . no complaints . have n't seen results yet . i go in for my next appointment in a about a week n a half . 6 weeks between . clean office . a little chilly tho . got to wear some snazzy sunglasses during the treatment . i will be back to use the rest of my groupon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'll update each time i go . today was my first visit . ive never done laser hair removal and found the lady to be super friendly , made me feel comfortable and in the end i purchased a package to do my entire body ! the tech did mention the ice and numbing cream and the fact that each session she would turn the dial up a bit from the last time . session # 1 down of 24 ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , courteous and i was able to drop my keys in the box after hours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wait wait wait ... this place is still open ? no , seriously ? um . i 'm confused . no , i mean like , in business ? operating ? a manager ? employees ? hours of operation ? transact monies ? uhhhhh . you sure ? because when you define `` air '' as a smoker 's patio and `` earth '' as weird alien shit on the walls and `` fire '' as the burning of your ear drums and `` water '' as a place to buy really expensive drinks that dehydrate you , i just ca n't really comprehend how our $ 30k millionaire ballers can afford to keep this place going , even in an economic environment that protects only their class . but that 's why i 'm a $ 20k impoverished sycophantic parasite on our society . no business sense . two stars for the money they put into this place in the first place . and the elevator to the private vip bullshit area . classy . retarded classiness .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a cluster of really small rooms . ... it gets very stuffy when you dance .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "e4 is just not one of the spots i 'll ever go when i 'm in old town . i just do n't like it . i know quite a few people do , but i just am not one of them . i do n't like how it 's set up . there are too many rooms and too many ways to get in and out of them . i felt like a rat trapped in a maze when i was there . and all i kept thinking about was what a horrible fire hazard the place is . there are so many people crammed into tiny rooms with tiny halls that lead here , there and everywhere , that i really think it 's a disaster waiting to happen . maybe that 's the nerdy side of me coming out , but my recommendation is to go elsewhere since there are plenty of other great spots in ot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "blah i am not a fan this place . i have been here like four times and have never been impressed . the place is really cool looking inside , but most of the time the crowd is just weird . i do n't get you e4 , decide what you want to be ? i think the room themes are almost working against this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i expected this captain planet themed club to be lame , well , it was n't so bad . sometimes when you try too hard it comes across corny , this is n't quite that place . this is one place i can hear house all night without some lame lil jon mixed in , so props for that . ultra ( maybe called shine now ) tuesdays is pretty good . seems like there is one thing missing but i cant put my finger on it", "score": "3"}
{"review": "( random chick at bar ) : i 'm so tired . me : why ( random chick at bar ) : i just got off work me : its midnight , what do you do where they make you work so late ( random chick at bar ) : i work at highlighters me : man , i did n't know office supply stores could be such slave drivers . ( random chick at bar ) : [ ditzy laugh ] this is a pretty sweet dance club in the middle of the nightlife area of scottsdale . lots of very good looking people and a palpable `` we 're all here to have a good time '' vibe . many rooms , all with different kinds of cool decor and different music . also , not a bad place to meet ditzy `` office supply store '' employees .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the typical shitty , scottsdale night club . somehow having numerous rooms is impressive to people . but each room is full of douchebags . do n't waste your time going .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my rating was going to be for e4 which is curently closed ... i hope the owners read this and make some changes . through the grapevine i heard that one of the owners sold their liquor license ( idiot thing to do for a nightclub in old town ) and its now revamped as an 18+ club called afterlife ... yay just what i always wanted . a starbucks that you need to pay 20 dollar cover to walk around in . seriously ... change it back . i miss the old e4 , it was my favorite chill spot and i would patronize it several times a week . the bartenders were always awesome , the doorguys cool as can be and now ... they have arcade games on the patio ... fail !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here with a large group one night when a military friend was back in town . we came vip . service was horrible . we ordered rinks and 4 bottles and we had to go to the bar and ask for them . we went walking around only to not be let in another vip spot because the idiot who let us in forget to give us bracelet things . i am pretty sure the guys with me were the only straight ones in the bar that night . i saw way too many dudes kissing each other . we complained about our horrible treatment and we got offered a vip pass for next time . what a joke ! i will never come back here an hope no one else would ever go there either !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not my scene , but at least it 's trying to do a little more with a theme . unfortunately , when i went only one room was open , which i later found out was the earth room - does that say anything that i could n't tell it was earth themed ? the other rooms sound pretty rad , and that was kind of the reason i went , so i was disappointed . it was a week night , so i 'm sure on weekends all rooms are packed with hair extensions boob jobs , so do n't worry . the dj that night was lame - he would not take a song request for a friend 's birthday on a tuesday night ... i know you got ta keep up appearances , but seriously , it was a top 40 song and we were the only damn people in the bar.. really rubbed me the wrong way . some scottsdale bars do n't strictly enforce their dress code , but this one does , so no sneakers or hats , guys .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible staffing and very disorganized ! ! i showed up for my appointment and i get taken back to the computer to get checked in . the girl proceeds to tell me that they have no blood bags ! told me they would be arriving in about an hour ! ! i was there at 10 am right after they opened ! ! is n't it somebody 's job to make sure there are bags to collect people 's blood ? i was so annoyed that i arranged my whole morning around that appt . i walked out and not going back to that location . last two times i was there the appts were a disaster ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rude employees , could n't figure out how to accommodate walk-ins , treated scheduled giver disrespectfully because their veins were hard to get . shame on you !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a pretty crazy place . i walked in there and they started asking all sorts of questions about my sex and drug life and it kinda felt like i was at confession . and then all of the sudden they stuck a giant needle in me that sucked out my blood ! like what the heck ! ! vampires exist and this is where they dwell ! ! ! ! ! but then they gave me popcorn and fruitsnacks and drinks and cookies ... so overall a good experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "united blood services scheduling services are the worst i have ever experienced . we were told on two separate occasions to show up after 11:30 am as walk ins . after driving over one hour each way they told they could not get us in . facility supervisor said they had no control on the scheduling . the facility supervisor at mesa was very apologetic and was able to work us in after a one hour wait .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the worst service ever ! i came to help my community and was treated like i was there for something free ! i will never return ! the person who checked me in was horrible ! i remember her name as linda ! you are there for us not your sorry bitch asses ! sorry to to have interrupted your morning coffee bullshit session !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "get in here and donate your blood ! it takes less than an hour , andyou get great snacks too ! the people are very friendly , the place is spotlessly clean , and it does n't even hurt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "giving blood can be a little stressful , but the staff here is pretty cool . my only complaint is that it takes so long . i gave double reds for my birthday and it took 2.5 hours from when i walked in the door- and i have big garden hose veins so it was n't me . my wife was a little upset because we were going on vacation and it delayed our trip a tad . but enough about me . the phlebotemist did n't miss my vein , i got to watch tremmors on tv and pigged out on cookies and juice . i highly recommend that you give blood- if not here then somewhere else .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this staff at this united blood service is first rate . always quick and effiiant . they are always staffed and ready to go when i arrive for my appointment . i 've donated blood at this location 10+ times and have never had to wait . of course , i ca n't encourage everyone enough to donate and donate often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the food here but the manager on duty tonight was a total a-hole ! my wife slipped on the wet floor and went down hard . the mgr was looking right at her and did n't even check on her . i went to speak with him to tell him he may want to clean up the pop she spilled , and maybe mop the floor , and he was nasty and argumentative . he claimed he did n't see her fall , even though he was looking right at her . i was seriously trying to alert him so no one else fell -- especially an older person . as is , my wife was bleeding from her knee and elbow ... not so much as a sibncere apology from the manager . lastly ... they never did clean up the spilled pop . hopefully the owners see this , as i do love the food . i believe the manager 's name was `` jim . '' shame on you , jim !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we really liked it ! great selection with many choices to choose from . ca n't wait to go back and try a few more grinders to really hone in on a fav ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great , fresh , tasty sammiches grinders with nice fluffy bread ! big menu with much to choose from . friendly employees too ! love the 2 for $ 10 tuesday special ! mmmmm ... yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite go to for grinders ! pizza is average imo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! the staff made me a delicious pb & j pizza upon request ! it was perfect ! the banana pepper rings were great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed the seat on my bike redone . explained i wanted more padding to save some wear on my old man butt . guy promised they could do better padding and turnaround in a few days . also promised they would fix it if i was n't satisfied . was n't satisfied ... padding was to have been increased over entire sitting area ... what i got was a speed hump running front to back . not much improvement in comfort , which was my primary reason for the reupholster . took it back to have them 'fix ' it . guys says sure , it will cost another $ 75 ... so , i have 2 thoughts ... first job was done poorly and if i wanted a seat that looked like i did it myself , i would have done it myself ... secondly ... if you can fix it for another $ 75 why could n't you do it right the first time ? uploaded a pic of the seat ( after ) makes you want to hit the highway huh ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this company is fantastic . i needed auto upholstery service . they provided the service quickly and at a great price , not to mention that they did a beautiful job . the also fixed something extra on the car at no cost . friendly , quick , and beautiful service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was given a very reasonable quote and fast timeframe when they could do the work . i brought them my 68 suburban and had the seats redone with factory appearing pattern but different fabric that would not be so hot . dropped off on a friday and picked it up the following thursday . very nice work ! i would bring them another vehicle anytime ! thanks for the fast and efficient service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great work ! i dealt with joe . he helped me pick out the material to reupholster my bench seat to go into my 67 f100 . they did 2 colors and it turned out great ! i will be dropping off my 49 studebaker pickup bench seat to be reupholstered next week . they had my seat done before they promised . i enjoy working with them", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the tables are a little uncomfortable , but the food , service , and prices are great . they were also playing the rick mercer report , and gave us complimentary edamame because they were busy and we had to wait a little while . the second time i ordered from them was delivery , and someone actually called us about a half hour after it arrived to make sure everything was okay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delighted by this cosy and unpretentious neighborhood sushi joint ! the vegetarian options were plump , tasty and satisfying , with generous helpings of gari and wasabi . crisp and succulent dumplings , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all these 5-star reviews for a neighbourhood that rarely gets any action on yelp , hm . well , these reviews finally forced me to go here . i ordered the roll combo for lunch , which included tempura and a small bowl of miso the rolls looked wonderful and had a strong presence inside , with a very thin layer of rice , point ! the tempura was a nice mixture of yams , avacado and even a large piece of shrimp , hooray ! the miso was miso , which is the same everywhere , but always delightful . for just over $ 10 , it was a pleasant lunch and i 'll have to come back to try a few more of their options . regardless , this little spot is a welcome addition to a 'hood that struggles with closed-up windows and uninviting bars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was n't too impressed with this spot . i suppose i had really high hopes . they were really great for some things , and mediocre in others . the fish was good , but the rice was undercooked . i really enjoyed the spicy salmon handroll , but everything else was just okay . we ate in , and there was a ton of takeout orders and it seems that most people were repeat customers . the atmosphere is very very casual . service was very friendly . but one of our dishes came out quite a bit after the others did . i might drop by again for a takeout order if i 'm craving sushi and do n't want to go very far .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "every bite of their food is filled with yum and passion ! i loved stumbling onto this place , and i love being a frequent flyer ! justin and fiona are just as loyal to their customers as they are to their food ! what are you waiting for , run and try their double salmon roll ! oh and they have a new menu too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we live in the area so were thrilled to finally have a sushi joint within walking distance . the first year or so , the quality was decent for take-out delivery sushi ( we never dined in as we prefer to eat in the comfort of our own home ) . portions were good prices reasonable & quality was consistent . the owner was always courteous , friendly ; got to know us so service was great . i 'd have given them four stars . we 'd order from them every week . then it appears they changed ownership which was evidenced by the different staff , inconsistent execution from one week to the next , sloppy presentation , rolls that do n't remain intact for long , skimping on portions & lower quality ingredients . things continued to go downhill with no signs of improvement . we made a tough decision to no longer patronize this business in spring 2013 . we could n't justify spending any more money on them even though we try to support our neighbourhood businesses as frequently as we can . if their quality improves i might give them one more chance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a great clean bright and quiet gem and hopefully will be the first of a new wave of yummy and cool spots where local residents who are eager to spend their local dollars can go for great food and service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is such a disappointment , they 're never open ! i just moved to the area and i 've gone here a few times during their advertised hours of operation and they 've never been open ... ever ! they 're supposed to be open right now , open sign is on and everything ... door is locked . the owner should n't be commenting on peoples bad reviews saying that he disagrees with their bad reviews and they have great customer service when they 're not even open during their own hours of operation to have any customer service skills to show . no wonder there are never any customers in there , who would travel to come here for food when they do n't know if they 're ever open or not .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ca n't say they 've kept up the good work . prices went up , quality went down . it 's sad really .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible delivery service . i waited over an hour ( well past the estimated delivery time ) and when i called to check on the status they said that its not made it yet and it would be at least another half hour . they did n't offer a discount on this order or a future order . they told me to just cancel my order..done ! ! wont order here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is over priced compared to what else is available close by like on eglinton west . i finally saw a special posted that was priced to be justifiable . it was a spicy california roll , vegetable roll , soup , and salad . soup and salad were normal . the rolls were very small . not acceptable . the soy sauce is diluted . apparently some people like to dip their sushi in water . i do n't get it . this is a really small place so it 's hard to have any sort of atmosphere . finally , when i went to pay i advised the cashier that i would pay by debit . she was quick to inform me that cash is better . personally i 'm of the opinion that if you do n't want to accept debit you should n't make the option available . i do n't think i 'll go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is okay . it 's above average in the sushi realm but not by much . it 's a great addition to the neighbourhood and i have done some take out after a long day at work but i would n't go out of my way to eat here . if you 're in the area though it 's great to finally have some sushi to take home that 's only a short walk . i think they have room to up their game both in quality of food and customer service . all in all if you need to satisfy your sushi craving and it 's convenient for you go for monami .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yum yum yum . i order takeout from here all the time and their veggie options are delicious ! i 'm always impressed by the presentation on the takeout orders and they are always polite when i go in to pickup . as a takeout place , 5 stars , but because they are also set up for eat-in it gets lowered to four because the eat-in space has a lot of room for improvement ( tables , chairs , decor , etc . ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic ! the food id so good , and at a great price ! ! the customer service is phenomenal , every time . the delivery is polite and friendly , and they even call to follow up and ensure your meal is as you like . ca n't say enough good things about this place ! i highly recommend giving it a try - you wo n't be disappointed . try the spicy makimono set ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this place on justeat.ca , but their site was malfunctioning so we called the store to order directly . the sushi is good , but what really stood out was the customer service . about 20 minutes after we 'd received our food , they called to check up on us and ask how it was . who does that these days ? ! also the guy that delivered our food was the nicest delivery person i 've ever encountered , he said we were neighbours ( the restaurant is very close to us ) and encouraged us to drop by anytime . overall , it was a fantastic experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why you should come here : pretty solid mexican eats great service micheladas and margaritas great for big parties where is this place ? on maryland parkway , opposite side of the hospital what you should order : their appetizers and tacos are solid , but if you 're wanting something different , go for one of their signature molcajetes which feeds 2-4 hungry people aloha ! ! ! shaka meter : uuu uuu uuu uuu 4", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live within walking distance of this place and it seems busy every night ... so what the heck , finally stopped in . the atmosphere is fun and roomy , and clean looking . food was good-from the chips and salsa to the guacamole and meat skewer ... all seemed freshly prepared . our waiter leroy very attentive and we finished off the skewer plate and a chicken taco salad . we probably could have stopped eating after our appetizers ... but food was too tasty . we were almost at 'perfect ' until a guy with an apron and huge 'garbage mop bucket combo ' cart slushed by us while carrying another mop bucket in one hand . no matter what , garbage bins , buckets and carts should not be pushed thru a dining area inches from my food and table-period . so ... .not sure with all our vegas choices if i go back or not . i will have to rid my memory of the garbage mop slop . sorry lml grill that costs one star .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had been looking for a good mexican seafood place for a while , this is definitely the best we 've been to in town . service is amazing , everyone is super friendly and helpful . the menu is big , tons of options including some for kids . if you can handle spicy , the `` aguachile verde '' is definitely one of the best i 've ever had , but also and by far the spiciest . everything else was really good , we had shrimp empanadas and shrimp soup . as usual for mexican places they have agua de jamaica , agua de tamarindo and horchata , but the real winner is the lemonade , made with limes and not lemons , it 's as authentic as it gets . if the great food and amazing service is not enough reason to go , the mariachi band is super talented , and as opposed to other places the music volume is not so loud that you can barely hear what the other people on your table are saying .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very prompt service the prices for the meal were good . drink refills were done before even was half full restrooms were nice too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is good ! ! the preparadas are yummy . it 's hard to find good seafood places in vegas but this place is delicious . i normally have the molcajete with corn tortillas , my favorite part is the salsa .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "im in love with this restaurant ! they serve authentic mexican food seafood ! my experience here was very memorable because the food was sooooooo damn delcious ! and it actually made me crave it till the next day ! its like a drug for your stomach ! hahaha ... yes i got addicted with their volcan mocajetes ! which is assortment of seafood in a stone pot with their irresistable red sauce ! it may look really spicy but it was not ! first bite of my shrimp made my eyes close hahahaha yes its foodporn ! you 'll taste the sweetness first and then the spice afterwards volcan is a must get ! we also ordered the chorquezo which is a sizzling cheese with chorizo and some mushrooms ! perfect for a fresh tortilla chips ! and ohhhhh they have the best fresh corn tortilla and make sure to eat it with your mocajete ! the food was a plus ! and very large portion ! i would always come back here over and over ! the service was really good and friendly ! ! keep it up guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice place to go eat . excellent service and the staff has a very good customer service . we stopped by when it was very busy but we got sit really fast and before the expected time . i loved the food and preparadas too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great seafood restaurant . very mexican the have marachi playing . if you know a song you can pay them and they 'll play it for you at your table . like in mexico . i had the mocajete is was a mix of chicken , beef , and shrimp . the shrimp were jumbo shrimp . the beef is carne asada and the chicken had nothing special but it was good . the salsa they put in was n't medium so i was able to taste the food . we also order s side of guac which was pure avocado none of the fake or prepackage stuff . most likely be takijg my mom for mother 's day there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wish i could give this place a 5 star review since the food was amazing ! service was not great ... showed up at 3:15 and waited 30 mins for someone to take our drink order . leo and flor were very helpful !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was exactly what we were looking for in a mexican restaurant , authentic and delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was excellent . service was initially slow but picked up after a bit . we ordered the 3 item molcajete for 2", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't delay come here today ! enough said ! ! ! ! ammazzzzing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! . service is amazing ! food is out of this world ! referred by our taxi driver ! ! will come here next time in town ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a huge shout out to ivan and his staff for a wonderful reception night . spot on ! you guys went above and beyond what we asked for and accommodated everyone in our party . of course the food was amazing ! not a single complaint from any one of us . we 've gone to eat there a few times and each time your staff is on point and the food is perfect . would be happy to recommend for any occasion . thank you for making our wedding great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i eat a lot of mexican food in a lot of places . this place has the best refried beans ! the salsa is also awesome - with the right amount of cilantro . verde queso enchiladas were also great . rice was good ( i 'm not a big fan of rice ) . service was outstanding from greeter to server . nice atmosphere . brii is an excellent waitress- ask for her . the menu here is extensive with photos of almost everything . i 'm so impressed that i 'll be back tomorrow since it 's my last night in vegas . after talking to brii , i 'm going to let her pick my entree tomorrow . i wish the menu was more descriptive for some items . ca n't believe more locals are n't here . i guess it is a weeknight ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gave red sauce on my burrito when i ordered green still ate it but it was pretty much all rice barely any beans or guacamole like i ordered", "score": "1"}
{"review": "la comida excelente , pedimos los tacos de camar\u00f3n enchilado y la botana cachorreada ( creo que as\u00ed se llamaba ) fuimos atendidos por el joven lazaro que nos brind\u00f3 un excelente servicio y el joven pedro siempre atentos a nuestra mesa", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recommend la mojarra to friends visiting the strip all the time . it is located conveniently to many of the casinos and has some of the best mexican seafood around . friendly service and awesome food drinks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was awesome we had 2 waiters constantly attending us . shrimp cocktails and shrimp fajitas were both loaded with shrimp . steak quesadilla was massive and perfectly cooked and seasoned . try the mango margarita its really good . ca n't wait to come again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is superb , anyone of the servers will ask you if you need anything they r on top of their service very friendly . the hostess is dressed w typical mexican outfit . music and ambience is great . seafood is excellent need to try any of their ceviche n molcajete plus their mangoneada drink . prizes and portions are excellent will keep oncoming back especially for their happy hour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! food is delicious ! great hospitality - the manager mario is `` down to earth '' , really knows how to run a resutrant ! the food is authentic . ..if you love sea food and mexican food this is the best spot in town hands down ! my favorit dishes are : mojarra loca ( delicious fish in an unbelievable sauce with rice and small salad ) , pasta brava ( shrimp pasta ... better than most italian places in town ) , camarones zarandeados ( the best lemon lime grilled shrimp i have ever had ! ) , ostiones preparados ( oysters with shrimp on top delicious ! ) . the menu is huge and i 'm definitely going back to try more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best fish ceviche i 've had at a restaurant . and their shrimp tacos were amazing . the environment on the weekend is great , live music and entertainment . staff was friendly and efficient and the place was clean . decent price , the bill can get expensive with certain dishes but overall it 's affordable for it to be seafood ( which is normally expensive ) . defiantly has become a favorite place . thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is just amazes me every time i go the food is amazing and the service is great the molcajete azteca hits the spot with a mango chelada . definitely recommend this place worth every dollar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you want some seriously best mexican seafood ... this is the place ! ! ! the aguachile was sooooooooooo good not to spicy perfect lime taste also the michelada was awesome and one of the best fish tacos i 've had here in las vegas . the service was fast and friendly with always smile ... i heard they have marachis starting on friday to sunday ... ca n't wait to come back gracias a ustedes por esa rica comida y servicios hasta la pr\u00f3xima", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love , love this place , the food is amazing . the place is extremely clean . the staff is great they could put there chatting aside , but they were attentive . i well definitely keep coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this particular building has been so many different restaurants and i 'm really glad that la mojarra loca grill looks like it will be here for years to come ! great staff and food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a place ! ! ! ! ! i came about 3 years ago had an issue and when i came back lomeli was able to take great care of us . lomeli not only took care of my people he also was really attentive and professional about the situation . i recommend this place , everything i come to vegas in the future this place is a must to visit ! thanks lomeli and your great stuff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the margaritas and skirt steak i ordered were excellent . the margarita ( regular , on the rocks ) had the right proportion of ingredients , and was n't too sour or sweet , like some can be . the skirt steak was perfectly cooked ( medium in this case ) , and had just the right slight charring on the edges . the service was on point and very friendly . also , i much appreciate that , after i forgot my credit card , the manager went above and beyond to have it returned to me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite mexican restaurants in las vegas ... by far the best seafood and ceviche in town . the must try items include the molcajetes , tacos enchilados , tiritas de pescado , camarones sarandeados and recuerdame.service is always great , with very attentive and friendly staff . they also have great mariachi on the weekend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is really good but for some reason the service is really slowwww it took at atleast 45mins to get our food , server did n't even bother checking if we needed beverage refill , plus , another 30 mins to get our check not only that there is an 2 hr wait to be sitted . the hostess are really rude ! when we left they said thank you and have a good night while they roll their eyes at you . will i ever think about going back again ? ... . probably not !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great spot on maryland pkwy . delicious food , cold beverages , and quick service . large venue with plenty of seating . fun ambiance and authentic - i definitely recommend checking it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place makes the best mango chilada 's and food is very good and the waiters really very friendly the only problem is the wait at least one hour but worth the wait ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've come to this restaurant several times and i 've had an average experience . i decided to bring my family here for mothers day and i knew it would be full and we were very patient to be seated and attended . we waited 45 minutes to be seated and the waiter came fairly quick . we waited almost an hour for our food to be served and when our food arrived it was cold and soggy . i ordered the caldo de camaron and it was very salty , the shrimp were fine , but this ruined my meal and i did n't want to reorder because that would take too long . i would expect a restaurant like this to have prepared a bit more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best mexican food i 've ever eaten ! the dishes are authentic and creative , with beautifully constructed layers of flavor and made with fresh ingredients , especially the seafood . i can not wait to visit las vegas again so i can return to la majorra loca & grill !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome restaurant . i ordered a filete a la plancha and it was more than what i could finish . food was great and the michelada hit the spot ! recommending this location ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was brought here by a client , initially i did n't want to but they insisted . i love good authentic mexican food & service is top notch . everything was amazing ! i refer everyone here ! ! i 'll be back thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was very good . the 2 stars is for the service . it was very slow . our server was confused and he walked away from the table without taking one of the people 's orders . compared to where i live the prices are high . there were people around us and receive their food before us and they arrived quite a while after us", "score": "2"}
{"review": "will definitely go back best authentic mexican and seafood restaurant i tried so far.. various selections on menu . must try one of the mocajets ( trio ) delicious good for 2+ and their tortillas are home made ! ! service was very good . ca n't wait to returm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant does n't know what customer service is . i ordered a salad which i had mistaken by a ceviche plate because the picture mislead me and was basically told that since i had ordered it , i had to pay for it ! it was an honest mistake on my part but i wo n't be going back there for sure .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "exotic sea food this place has autentic mexican food , good customer service . complains the salsa and chips took a long time to be serve also the food took over 20 minutes to be serve , it was n't busy so it was no excuses for us to wait long , that 's why i 'm giving a 4 star may come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place is amazing . however our waiter kept disappearing and we had a bus boy by the name of pedro help us out.. pedro changed our opinion about this place and honestly if it easing for him we will be rating this restaurant a 2 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went here for breakfast and had the chilaquiles green and an order of red . it came with eggs , beans and tortillas . we enjoyed the food & service very much !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow this place is way to cool ! ! ! ! love the service and the food is fabulous , we had a party off 20 people and they were able to spit the bill on 5 bills ! ! ! i recommend them ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fave when it comes to mexican food here in vegas ! was here for valentine 's on a sunday , so of course it was super packed . started off all bad , we waited for an hour after finding out we were skipped on the list . the organization with the waitlist was all bad , my group was n't the only one that had this problem . once we were finally seated , the servers made up for everything . they were very nice and attentive to our every need , even though they were super busy running around . all our food was delicious , nothing was rushed or sloppy . to compensate the errors with the seating , we got a dessert and alcoholic drink for free . overall my group and i ended up very happy , and will definitely be back . this location beats the other 2 locations here in vegas . the molcajete , flan , and mangoniada with alcohol are a must try ! ! i forgot to take pictures .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is actually pretty good . i had the seafood plate in a morcajete the shrimp was a little dry but the carne asada has really good flavor the chips and salsa are good but the chorizo beans they give u with it are the best part . they have both fountain and bottle coke . the price is a little much but you do get a lot of food with it . i would come next time i am in vegas", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ate there twice when i was in vegas last week . everything from the beautiful ladies serving the food to the best food i have ever tasted . this place is terrific . what they fed me . we ordered the combo with chicken , shrimp and carne asada served in a stone bowl of warm salsa . my gawd . the homemade gorditas are the bomb . next i had a variation on 7 mares . it had crab , fish , octopus , shrimp , prawns and mussels in a heavenly broth . heaven in a bowl .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything was perfect the food is well portioned and tasty ! i ordered the mangoeada margarita and that had the lucasy stuff in it that i did n't like but that was the only negative . we came in and were seated right away.. i can not contest it . i asked my husband if he liked it and he burped !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disclaimer : we did n't have the seafood , we had the other items . margarita was great ! my partner and i had two different burritos . they were good , just meat wrapped in a tortilla . nothing special . chips were cold but the salsa was perfect . service was good as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a beautiful place ! great food huge portions ! beautiful mariachi ! great service and family oriented and great for large groups !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. maria takes a very personal and holistic approach to chiropractic . she encourages patients to take responsibility for all aspects of their health - body , mind , and spirit . i have been to other chiropractors , but have never seen the results i got from dr. maria . when we stopped treating symptoms and dug into the true sources of my physical issues , it was only a matter of weeks before i felt better . highly , highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to this location a few times and find them short on the supply side . i have seen that they run out of some bread types in the middle of the day . also i see them run out of olives and not restock . not the best subway , by a long shot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really ? ! this is the only subway branch that does n't have veggie patty ! how many times do i have to ask you guys ? its been 2 years now since i last asked the first time . 2 thumbs down . i would give four but i only have 2 thumbs", "score": "1"}
{"review": "najib was the best around . i got a cut from the new owner shortly after he took over , and it was pretty terrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "najib is not there now , but the young guy who took over does a great hair cut . he 's a big guy , who does n't talk much and is n't real speedy , but he cuts hair like a pro 's pro . i loved najib and miss him , but this guy gives every bit as good a cut . a lot of najib 's former customers have started going elsewhere , but i think , if they give this guy a chance , they 'll like him just as much . people i do n't even know have been complimenting the look and asking me where i go . he has a partner who i do n't know , but i do highly recommend the big guy . and for $ 15 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to echo the last review in that while unfortunately najib is n't there anymore , `` the big guy '' does a damn good job . the first time i went there after najib left i actually ended up leaving after a relatively long wait as he was so meticulous with the prior customers that i did n't want to wait for a cut of unknown quality . caught him there without a wait a few weeks ago and it 's definitely worth it . i 'd been going here for awhile and i was afraid i 'd have to go elsewhere after najib left . not anymore .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very professional , and clean shop . the owner does a great job and would highly recommend him . i have been going to him for the past 2 years and he has always been very accommodating to my needs and others i have brought with me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to najib 's for the first time last week . i will certainly be going back regularly . first and foremost najib does a great job cutting hair ; i got exactly what i asked for . second , he 's a really nice guy . price is reasonable . looking forward to my next trip back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a recent transplant to the phoenix area and rely on yelp regularly for guidance . i had been getting my hair cut by the same person for years and had my doubts that anyone could give me the same quality fade that i was used to . boy was i wrong , jib exceeded my expectations and surpassed my old barber . now i just got to find a good dentist : ) thanks again jib !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "najib moved to 4410 w union hills . stop by or call him at 602-481-8460 . he just worked wonders on my haircut !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my hair is hard to cut and i do n't really know how to tell a barber what i want . so it is hard for me to find a barber i like . i used to drive from glendale to tempe for one barber until she left the business . i had been going to v 's and paying out the wazoo for a mediocre haircut . i have been going to najibs for over a year now . najib does n't shine your shoes or give you a shoulder massage , but he does a good job of cutting your hair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "najib is a nice guy , and very professional . he took his time , and cut my hair just the way i wanted . he has a clean , comfortable shop that 's bigger on the inside than it appears from the street . decent price , too . recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for watching the game with friends or a quick bite . i would definitely recommend to start off with the shanghai lettuce wraps . they are amazing if you like an appetizer with a kick !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i recently started taking my kids here on weekends . they enjoy the food and our server jessie is always amazing . he is not only always smiling but he 's super great with the kids . he 's always ready to make recommendations on what we should try and rarely are we disappointed . try the poke if you like tuna and the wings with the ginger sauce . and the asian nachos need to be put back on the menu - those were amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice place , lots of screens to watch sports . salad great , burger wonderful , fries as well . iced tea was not that sweet though ) ) and u need login and password from the waitress ) ) nice comfortable booth ) ) blah blah blah ) )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had one of the worst restaurant experiences , bad service , burnt burgers . not impressed . spoke to manager and he was very apologetic , does n't make up for the subpar experience . do yourself a favour and find another spot to drop your hard earned $ $ $ .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great and affordable place ! large selection of appetizers on their menu and the food i 've tried so far has been very tasty . i like to sit outside , in their terasse , during the summer , inside can get a little loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ginger chicken wings were amazing , the blood orange sangria was really good , also our server nikita was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i loved jack astor 's during our years in montreal . the restaurant exudes a casual , energetic and offbeat vibe , where the waiters are funny , you can draw on the tables , and anything goes . they have a huge menu but their garlic pan bread is what i remember . so yummy . great place for kids .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "typical bar food . nothing worthy of eating without a drink in hand . friendly staff however at busy times expect not to receive your food for a while . loud environment and groups are welcomed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pros - friendly staff - great drinks - fair pricing on drinks cons - small food portions - overpriced meals unfortunately , over the years , jack astors portions have gotten smaller and smaller while their prices go up . i would n't mind paying their prices if i left with a meal that truly filled me up .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "typical sit-down burger joint . not the greatest , i 've had , nor worth the price . mcdonalds beats them really well . service is really crummy , waiters do n't seem to care much about clients sitting down .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used to have fish and chips regularly . the fish was excellent . i went last night and it was a total disappointment . even though the breading was nice and crisp the inner flour was uncooked and presence of a lot of water . reason for that water could have been over-treated fish or the frozen fish was not defrosted and wiped properly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we came here for lunch with friends . i ordered an asiago chicken pasta . dh had the chicken nuggets for adults . kids had diy taco and fish n chips . the asiago chicken was burnt in parts . total bummer . otherwise this dish was good . dh said the chicken was fried right and was yummy . kids dishes are huge ! the taco came in a big bowl that you assemble yourself . service was friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here a couple of times , the food is delicious , although the service is n't that amazing . it may have been rush hour and we may have been a big group but we had to ask for our waters to be refilled and there was a mix up on our bills as well .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great wings . a good place to unwind after work and have a beer . lots of tv 's with sports on . they even have nfl games on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well i enjoy eating at the bar section because theres loud music and the service is a bit faster and waitresses are friendly . enjoy their bruschetta very much ! ! also their avocado dip is delicious . avoid the asian nachos not good at all . burger is a must as well but side order poutine is lacking cheese ... mostly fries and sauce . if its your birthday you get a brownie and i thought they would sing but they didnt ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a little disappointing . the portions are quite small for the price you 're paying and the food itself really is n't great . although the waiters are friendly , you might have to wait a very long time before you get your food , especially if you 're a bigger group . for your birthday , they make you stand on your chair and sing along to a song and they also provide kids with paper and crayons so they can draw while they 're waiting for their food , which i think is great . all in all , it 's a good restaurant to go to with your family , but that 's about it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "eat at jack astor 's a few weeks ago , had the burger and sweet potato fries . was really impressed with the staff , super friendly staff and most of all very child friendly . we have a 12 month and a 3 year old . our 3 year old was kept busy by drawing on their papers they have setup on the tables . food was excellent and just easy going .staff and very helpful . highly recommend them . they have a elvis booth , not really sure what this is but will try it out next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is ok . it 's a mix of baton rouge and cage aux sports . my girlfriend ordered chicken alfredo with penne which was absolutely disgusting . i had the jalepeno hamburger and it was fantastic ! ! the spinach dip is always tasty as well and so is the lobster dip . i 've also had the chicken fajitas and they were very tasty . it 's the type of place you go to once in awhile . i do n't go out of my way to grab a bite here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's taken me 5 years ( i think ! ) to go back here for a team lunch and i have to say that the experience this time was great ! annie took care of the 12 of us and no one was left waiting for food or wondering where it was at . i 'm pleasantly surprised to see everyone working together this time around and will definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a whole lot of not-quite-average tonight . partner had nachos and , while she was pleased that the cheese was layered and not just thrown on top , she still gave the plate a failing grade . i tasted , and i concur . and the extra charge for crappy guacamole ? insulting to customers and delusional to suggest that this guacamole is worth a surcharge . i had the pulled pork poutine which bordered on disgusting . perhaps one should not mess with a classic dish , but regret does not begin to describe how i felt while i was eating this excuse for a meal . had to get menus on my own , was not even acknowledged in the bar area until we had been sitting for at least 10 minutes , servers were overwhelmed , underinterested , or both . service manager was apologetic while saying that it was an exception - according to previous yelp reviews , the `` exception '' seems the norm . i was excited to get back to jack 's after many years away , but based on tonight 's experience , it will be many more before i return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the food there but the service is so bad that i have not gone back in a while . it use to be my favorite place and was so happy when i moved back to the area from ottawa to find out they had one here . the steak and the fully loaded bake potato was my # 1 choice and i also love the super greasy garlic bread . let 's not forget the blue jacked up lemonade . but the last time i went was awful . it took forever to even see a waiter , he took our order and we got the drinks right away but it went downhill from there . they brought our appetizer at the same time as the meal . i had no fork or knife and it took a long time to waive someone down to get them . my food was cold , my drink was empty and we never got water or even better the waiter never came back ... anyway all around it was bad and i will not go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kid friendly , great music , nice beer selection , friendly staff and good food make for a nice time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to come here regularly but now not so much . the drinks are always a bit off . either too much liquor or not enough . the chicken fajitas have always been my favorite as well as the bruschetta .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place ... the tofu fajitas are absolutely fantastic , i 'd eat them everyday , if jack astors was closer . there plenty of other tasty options too , but the place gets very loud weekend evenings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the thought of the food here makes me a little queasy . the food never tastes fresh and i really have n't enjoyed my experiences there . overall , i do n't think i will go back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was a great place . i like the atmosphere and great bar area . place is affordable and the stake fajitas are fantastic . great place to eat , i recommend to any one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to take the kids . good food and fun ambiance . the only thing to remember is that it gets loud in there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love the service i received . my daughter and i were in vegas on the weekend of new year 's and only had a short time in vegas . daniel open the store for us he was so patient and helpful in deciding which board would be best . we had a little issue few days later and he corrected the issue immediately . we love the boards and customer service thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm from toledo ohio i had a hooverboard problem i searched high and low for part jay hooked me up and i had it ordered in 10 minutes and great price ! this place is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been looking for a hover board for a while now . i 'm a huge skeptic when it comes to buying things online , specially with the news of all the exploding hover board . i 'm so glad i found this local shop that sell top notch product . dan was great . after i told him my concerns , he walked through all of the specs of the different levels of hover boards . he showed me the inside of a cheap hoverboard and a quality street saw . it really educated me and helped me make an informed purchase . my cousin 's birthday is coming up . will return to get another street saw just for him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is extremely helpful and the prices are competitive especially when you compare the quality vs other similarly priced products side by side . they also taught me to ride the balance scooter in about 15 minutes . just a great overall experience ... very fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe it took me this long to try one of these bad boys ! the street saw is so much fun and the quality is far superior to some of the competitors i tested out . this is a must have on the christmas list for my nephews !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great guys to work with . brought our hoverboard in for repair . turns out it just needed a calibration . love honesty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no problem too hard to solve . very knowledgeable . bought one hover board for my nephew from here and saving to buy me one . prices are reasonable and come with a warranty . awesome customer service ! ! thank you street saw ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the best prices in town , jay hooked us up really good . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a very professional business . i have several friends who ordered hover boards from the owner of this business and he is professional with the product he delivers and he ships it in a very timely manner . in short , if you want a quality hover board ( one that does n't explode ) at a fair price . i suggest you go with street saw hover boards . they are definitely a step above those other competitors out there . 5 stars most definitely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` d '' and nick were such a help on our hover board mission . they accommodated us with answers and options to all of our questions . they even taught us how to ride the boards . could n't have gone to a better , more suitable place for this type of technology . thanks guys", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have bought a few hoverboards at streetsaw hoverboards . they are fantastic . their customer service goes above and beyond . further , their knowledge and expertise is so helpful when picking out the perfect one . i would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a hoverboard . great company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son 's hoverboard broke so we needed to have it fixed . we checked online and streetsaw hoverboards came up . we called and danielle answered . he was nice and gave us some useful information . we decided to go and have it fixed . when we went to their office , danielle and his associate were both very informative and knowledgeable about hoverboards . aside from repairs , they also sell lots of fun equipment . they gave us a reasonable price to fix our equipment and fixed it really fast . if you ever need your hoverboards repaired , check this place out ! you 'll be glad you did .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "daniel and his team are easy in which to work . explained product options in a clear manner . very professional . also does repairs if needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff and amazing products . i never knew how much fun a street saw hover board could be until they showed me that my hover board could be a super awesome bluetooth stereo with great quality . i highly recommend this place as # 1 hover board source .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! ! all i can say is that this place is great they have all kinds of boards i love it ! nick is super cool and very helpful . nick even thought me how to ride ! ! ! ! hoverboard is great bluetooth is outta this world ! ! good stuff for sure ! 100 stars to the owner and nick good work.i will be spreading the word you guys are awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , i 'm extremely impressed with street saw ! amazing customer service . dan spent time showing me the ins and outs of a quality hover board vs a cheap one that 's gon na catch on fire like you 've been hearing on the news . the hover boards are tons of fun to ride . i got the premium k1 version and i 've been enjoying every minute of it ! they even back it with a 90 day in store warranty on top of the factory warranty !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "salesperson is clueless ... tried to sell us a broken one then tried to charge more than sticker price . we walked out . update : giving 3 stars instead of 1. owner is nice and trying to make it right . may be back for repairs if needed but will only deal with owner", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i got my nephew a hoverboard from streetsaw for his birthday . definitely do n't regret it . the service was great , prices were very competitive . but , best of all , the selection and quality was incredible . a+", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . they gave us the best deal we could find for the quality of the product . nick was very helpful with all our questions and even taught our son how to ride his new hover board . we were in and out pretty fast and the transaction was as easy as you could get . definitely recommending this place to friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "danielle is the best ! ! ! best boards in town ! ! lots of colors to choose from and guaranteed best battery ! ! go see them ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i spoke to daniel over the phone and he was able to answer all of my questions and concerns regarding a repair . after the diagnostics which cost 50 they said the repairs she would be over $ 300 and if they wanted to buy back the have a board for me for 40 so i would only owe them 10 . i immediately left i was n't going to leave them with a have a board that i found someone else who repairs in them out of his house and $ 50 later it was in mint condition . do n't go to streetsjaw .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "free sandwich for your birthday for joining the e-club ! ! i got the `` big dad '' pork sandwich-pork on texas toast ! ! fantastic ! ! i really like their hot bbq sauce just the right amount of heat ! i 'm addicted to the brunswick stew & of course i had to get some ! sooooo good ! ! it doesnt get any better than free and even though this place is in bfe and probably cost $ 10 in gas it was definitely worth it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a great selection of bbq fav 's . i get the combo meal and split it with the wife . the pulled pork is actually pretty good . they also have a couple of hotties working here which is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went back there a month ago , and it 's closed ! ! i hope someone buys the franchise and reopens this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "such good bbq for such a casual little place . friendly staff . good for kids . nothing in the immediate area comes close . another nice thing about shane 's is your companions can get other types of food next door . several places right here to choose from if they do n't want bbq .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shane 's surprised me ! i went here with a coupon that i received to try it out and was surprised to find barbecue like i was used to from north carolina ! we had the ribs and pulled pork sandwiches . my kids loved the sandwiches . the ribs were very moist and tender , with just the right amount of seasoning . the sauce did n't overwhelm them , yet enhanced the flavor even more . the cold slaw was delicious . i have to say that i 'm a bit particular about bbq since we take pride in the carolina bbq back home , but the pulled pork was right on point ! it has a vinegar base like we southern folk gravitate to . the service was excellent , we were catered to graciously ( which came in handy with the kids . ) i would totally recommend this place to anyone !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love their pulled pork sandwiches . my boyfriend was impressed with their ribs , which he is rarely impressed with any restaurant 's ribs . also , they have good sweet tea . prices are reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just stopped just before an elite event . i has to get some tea and they actually have a new line teas , i had named 'oprah 's chai tea . ' it was good , has spice and then settled with a sweet finish . i am typically not a starbucks fan , but like all starbucks the service was good and the barista was energetic and cheerful . definitely try a from their new lines which break it down into green teas , black teas and herbal teas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a starbucks . there 's 6 of them in walking distance of this one and one of them is diagonally across the street . what more can you say ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ash is fantastic , ask him about coffee , he knows his stuff ! i was educated on the nuances of espresso .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arrived here for a quick coffee and danish before heading out to another location nearby for the morning . consistent food and drink experience as expected with any starbucks location . limited seating compared to other locations in the city and only a couple spots that i saw for plugging in if you were hoping to stay longer to work . nice outside space at this location , and the staff were friendly and efficient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its starbucks . its nothing special and its a little better then tim hortons , but not by much . the environment is definitely friendly , great staff and customer service , but the wifi speed is horrible , i clocked it at about 1-2mbps download .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really cool spot . i came here for an event , not the normal crowd , but still had an eclectic mix . fyi : it is a girl bar hookah bar dance club . i never once felt unwelcome , but also i knew just because 2 girls did n't have any dudes around , did n't mean they wanted my company . this night they had a dj in the front , a dj in the back , and even fire dancer way out back . friggin awesome vibe . really hard to explain the crowd , but all friendly . if you 're a little adventurous or this is already your crowd , definitely stop by sometime . although , you may want to see whats going on that night first .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it the first few times i went - it was packed and there were plenty of ladies to meet . even up through halloween , it was full on weekends and holidays , but pretty empty on weekdays ( and they tried to charge cover when it was empty ! ) . however , i went here on new year 's and my single friends were sad because it was all couples and ladies on dates . around 1 am , a bunch of single , straight dudes randomly turned up ? ! the dj outside in the freezing cold was much , much better than the indoor dj too . i like l4 a lot , especially the patio , but it 's too cold out for these shenanigans . they seem to be struggling , i hope they make it to the warm weather so we can take advantage of the patio again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bar and staff are good . 4.5 5 cover charge is $ 5 4 5 parking is good . 5 5 for dj , i give 0.5 5 rating . they do n't have competitiveness with the fellows dancing on the floor . they do n't care weather they have a person or not on the floor . i came from ca-sfo , san jose , vegas and i am not expecting too much but a little . : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do you want to dance , eat , drink , smoke hookah ? how about enjoy some nice weather , play some corn hole or giant jenga ? if any of those fancy your interest then this is the spot for you ! dance floor , lounge and patio with original themed events and parties happening always . check them out on l4 facebook .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved to charlotte and decided to check this place out by myself . l4 is great ! hip hop nights on friday are a blast ! the staff is friendly , fast and attentive and the drink prices are reasonable ; 2.50 $ pbrs ! it made a great impression on me when one of the owners walked by and introduced herself . i also met and talked to several people ; really friendly crowd ! the outdoor patio area is nice , but in november-a little cold ! i 'll definitely be back ! ( they also have hookah )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome spot ! had a blast last saturday ! ! p.s . crazy hott bartenders ; ) keep up the good work ladies", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owners were very nice . nice group of ladies and gentlemen working there . we had a great time meeting people . the decor is lovely ! we all loved it . we will be back ! ps they have security people which is awesome if you go by yourself to the bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "legit best lesbian bar in the city . good music . good people . good vibes . all around . every month they have different themed parties and are going above and beyond to make their establishment stand out . looking forward to many more great times to come !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i read the reviews on yelp and decided to give this spot a try . i went here on a friday night . really weird atmosphere . much older crowd and a lot of straight couples . stayed until around midnight , but there were only a couple people dancing so we left . drinks were n't too expensive , but were watered down . beware", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you want to go to a gay bar with a bunch of obnoxious teeny bopper lesbians and bitchy bartenders , plus an unneccesary cover charge then this is the perfect place for you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was cool . people dancing . hookah lit . huge drinks for the price . was n't many people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the bartender did some funny business with a credit card by adding a tip for a cover charge .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cute staff ..went for an event..chill mixed crowd.. good time ! great bartenders . great patio !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eli trucking also uses an insurance company called anthem claim management who also is in business to screw you as well . we filed a claim on damaged goods that happened during our move and the letter we got back from anthem basically told us that we were trying to file claims on things that they could n't determine if they worked before they were packed . such bullsh t ! this is how they treat military . do not use this company ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we are in the process of moving and they have not yet delivered our stuff but this rating is based on our experience thus far . they picked up our boxes close to the date they had originally given us . the movers workers were nice and professional . they have not been in communication with us after picking up our stuff . when we have called they were rude and seemed annoyed that we called to get an update . apparently the 14 maximum delivery date begins on the date we said we would be available for delivery and not when they picked up our stuff- would have been nice to know this beforehand . we are going on vacation and now i am worried that they wo n't deliver before we leave . i will update my review when they deliver . jason", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i could write a novel about the horrendous experience but i 'll keep it short . eli trucking significantly increased the price of our move the day of the move . they broke , damaged and lost some of our belongings ( several thousand dollars worth ) . pleasant to work with prior to booking but difficult and rude to work with during and after the move .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "facilities and grounds were gorgeous . the only reason why this review is getting three stars and not five is because the grounds staff were incredibly rude . as we were quietly whispering one staff member scolded us like we were school children and proceeded to stand over us for 5 mins thereafter ; literally perching behind us . as he left , another staff member approached , told us to be quiet and we were not even talking . based on their treatment , we are reluctant to go back again . we paid to relax and their treatment had the opposite effect . we are in our late thirties for goodness sakes , we do not need to be talked down and belittled by young hipsters with mustaches .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was awesome , the only place i know of in north america where you can sit in hot pools outside and watch the snow . it was super peaceful . there were three hot pools and they recommended cycling between the hot pools , cold pools , and periods of rest . we had only good interactions with the staff -- they were sweet . they do ask that you limit full-voiced conversations to two dedicated conversation rooms , not a hard guideline to follow and totally understandable . around dusk , the lights started to come on , illuminating the snow and the trees . my only gripe is that i think the hot pools should be hotter , like 42-44 c instead of 39 c. still , though , really magical and great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic nordic spa . great in summer or winter . a treat . most relaxing day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is for their eatery . we ordered our food at 11:02am . fifteen minutes goes by and nothing . i understand that this is a new place so i try to be as patient as possible . another ten minutes goes by and nothing . keep in mind that this was on a monday morning and this place was pretty empty . bottom line is , that it did n't only take more than 30 minutes for the food to arrive but it was also blend and cold . i spoke to the general manager and he apologized but i feel that this long of a wait in such a slow day is just unacceptable . as far as the playing area , my kids enjoyed it . just remember that they allow you to leave and return the premises and there are a lots of places to eat nearby .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been waiting for lol to open for almost a year now ! pros : -the floor staff is very attentive and always seem to be watching the kids -food ! it 's so nice to have an option to get lunch at an indoor playground -super clean ! -hours ! open early and late cons -pricing ! ! ! i just ca n't get over the fact that they charge 5 $ for a 2nd adult and ultimately that 's why i can only give them 4 stars -the venue is almost too big for toddlers . once my son gets up too far it becomes more of a work out for me chasing after him . they do have a `` toddler area '' but it is not closed off -no incentives , no stamp cards bottom line if you are looking for an indoor playground for a kid under 3 check out kinderland cafe on sahara and fort apache . it 's large enough to let them roam but small enough to where you can keep your eye on your toddler the entire time and they have a 10 visit stamp card for 85 $ .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't go if you intend on presenting their website coupon . they do not honor it and your kid is so excited that you end up paying the magnanimous price of $ 16.95 plus $ 5 extra for second adult . they do n't have much extravagance for adults but the kiddos will have a great time . seems like a place that 's not going to get a lot of repeat business right now . i 'd wait til they lower their prices later trying to drum up more business .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best place to take your kids . kids and adults can play . play area is large and the food is good . had my sons birthday here . we had a walk in party , we brought our own cake and balloons . my son loved it , they really made my son feel special . they took care of us . place is clean and staff is very friendly . thanks lol for giving my son a shout out on speakers , he was really surprised .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought my 9 month old son here . my friend was having her daughter 's birthday party here . very clean indoor playground that smells clean . nice cafe with lots of options for parents and adults . our admission was included for the birthday party . children under 1 are free and on tuesdays and thursdays kids play for $ 8 . on all other days i think the admission is $ 16.95 . would definitely come back and recommend to other people . nice option for an indoor playground in the southwest area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a pleasant surprise ! my daughter told me the food was good but it was not good but great ! ! ! i do n't remember the last time i had food at any restaurant that good . and the desserts were better than at bakeries i 've eaten . and they make them there ! ! what a talented bunch of chefs . please do n't ever change . thanks lol i 'll be back my grandchildren ate the strawberry shortcake like wild animals me too ! ! the only problem and it 's a biggie . the seating sucks . hard uncomfortable . with the prices you want to stay a while . the food is so good that if the seats were comfortable i 'd have stayed longer and we would have eaten again . my butt was numb so had to sit on the floor in the play area . it was more comfortable . : - (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's definitely the megaplex of all las vegas indoor playground right now . it 's a pretty hectic place and can be overwhelming but there is a lot of seating and dining area , along with large playground area itself . the staff is better on the floor as the reception desk seems to be more of a hangout spot for the staff . they were n't unfriendly in any way , but you can tell they were more interested in getting back to their conversation . it 's still very new so expect it to be crowded , especially with school out and the las vegas heat forcing everyone inside .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great spot for my little and family . the set up is nice when you are managing a 4 year old that becomes important . also i the quality and options of food is 5 star , it 's really nice to be able to eat well while you are escaping the heat . also great individual party rooms if you have a group", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , make sure everyone has socks on otherwise you have to pay for them here , $ 3.00 . kevin g checked us in , he is not nice and hates his job . the snack bar feels a little upscale for an indoor playground - it just seems weird . but it is really good . i had already anticipated spending hours here , so the price does n't really bother me . there is a guy there named deven , and he was working his butt off ... he 's really the only person i see working . others are just standing around talking to eachother . but since i 've been here , devan has - checked us in , swept and mopped the floors , vacuumed , clean table and chairs , and the bathrooms . he is the only one that really did anything there..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "okay : our first time here , they closed all the ball pit with slides because a kid poop . sucks because you paid so much to this place and the ball pit the kids love closed down . boo hoo . not going back here ill go back to kangamoo !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first of all kudos to those who work there ! ! ! ! they are really nice and they do care about your kids , i hope u guys continue what you guys are doing ... so the place is huge a lot of obstacle that kids can enjoy and because the place is big now i understand why they charge for adults . u can literally enjoy the place with your kids ... and the cafe ! ! ! it 's pretty neat a lot of choices and decent price ! definitely would be back . and the security i like it there 's always someone over there ! which is good . and when you leave they check your wristband i just hope they change the writing to something else instead of pen a print out or something . other than it 's a nice place to bring your kid sometimes it would be really busy so just watch your kids closer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "reasonable price , especially since you can leave and come back ! the food is very good and also a reasonable price ! staff was very very nice and helpful . the manager came and introduced himself which was nice . the playground is clean and my children had lots of fun . i will come again & try the tuesday thursday deal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good plays to bring the kids sw location great customer service good food for kids will come back again and recommend this place to anyone", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fun place for kids of all ages . can not go wrong bringing kids here to play . gets a little wild so we attentive if you got littles", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall it was a great experience . my kids loved the playground my son of one-year-old and my daughter of five both had a great time the only reason why i gave three stars is because the food service was slow took about 30 minutes to get one smoothie .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "place is constantly being cleaned , large place for kids and adults to play , me 260lbs sliding down the slide . food is excellent , the do have a chef on site . cakes and more", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome for kids in this summer heat ! ! this is the second time i 've come here right at opening . from the beginning to end our experience was great thanks to mira . she was so nice and made the process fun . also , i had the street tacos and they were delicious . thank you , you guys rock ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is my favorite place for fun with the fam ! clean , safe , lots of exercise , good food selection at the food court and tuesdays are discounted ! hey vegas , it 's hot out there . where can you take the little ones to burn off that energy and not drop dead ? where can the family go and not spend a ton of money to have fun ? i almost do n't wan t to tell you because i do n't want it to get too crowded . good healthy wholesome fun is here . i 'd say the ideal ages for kids is 2 to 11 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is not your ordinary indoor playground . it 's not just the plain set up that you would normally see in other indoor playgrounds . i like how they have some of the activities sectioned off by age . i also like how it 's made to where parents can be active with their kids . the only downfall is that it is a little bit too pricey .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! it 's a big indoor playground with a snack bar on the side so people can order food . what i like about it is the price you pay is for all day so kids can play as long as they want . i highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first visit here and it was amazing . the staff were all friendly and accommodating to myself , friend and our kids . the manager javan took the time to conversant with us about how great his staff and food are and recommended trying the bento box . when i inquired about having my son 's birthday party there he brought over the catering menu and all the information over to the table we were sitting at . our kids had a great time there and we enjoyed the food too . definitely going back because of the great customer service from the entire staff from the moment you walk in and the variety of food to choose from .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only one in town so depending where you live , could be a distance of a drive but well worth the time and price ! safe and clean and friendly staff , young but friendly . food prices are decent and very spacious seating . ca n't go wrong with spending a day with kids at this facility !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our 5 & 2 year old love this place ! it 's clean & the staff is extremely friendly . we spent nearly 5 hours here & the snack bar was a lifesaver . the food & desserts are delicious ! the playground is clean , has plenty to entertain kids for hours , & the staff keeps a good eye on the kiddos . we love it here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took the kids to lol kids club and had an amazing time ! ! great , kid friendly environment and an amazing staff . we enjoyed ourselves , the pizza was our favorite part . we will definitely be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this indoor play place ! it is huge and offers plenty of activities for kids all ages . my 5 year old loves it . i also love that there is a snack bar and seating for lunch . this definitely makes it more convenient . we will be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for kids but way overpriced . cost $ 16 for first kid and $ 12 for other kids . thats the highest so far i have seen for an indoor playground in vegas . plus there is no wifi for the adults ! ! ! i brought my laptop to work on and that was a bust . they need wifi for the adults ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so much fun . my 3 year old grandson loved this place ! ! ! so big and very clean . highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we brought our boys here a few weeks ago and it was so amazing ! this place is huge on the inside . it is so nice to have an indoor playground that is for older kids too . the food is actually really decent quality , not just kids fare but actual food . the kids had such an amazing time that we set up a birthday party for our 5 yr old . everyone had a blast . setting up the party was easy and the whole process was smooth , with multiple calls for confirmatio . i realy like how much they communicated with me to set it all up . once we got there the party hosts were super helpful setting up and organizating the whole party . all in all i give this place an a+", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for children up to 12 . the playground is clean and staff is friendly . my children had a great time and we will continue to take them there because it is less than 2 miles from us . one hour is good enough for free fun time for the children .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean , awesome staff , one way in , one way out , armbands are checked to make sure they match , and did i mention food ? ! ! most definetely coming here again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the best time today . great food . the most helpful hospitable employees . manager javan was so helpful , nice and on top of things ! everyone must come here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kevin gave me a tour of the party rooms and the playground . he is a very kind person and professionally mannered . i can tell he does a great job and knows his information with all the questions i asked . he 's definitely a loyal worker and keeps focused . the tour went great and got to know the place . trinity the playground staff was very nice to approach and seems fun to talk to . snoww was a nice person to talk to also ! mira is such a sweet girl , i can tell she likes to work with kids . she 's so sweet ! my only problem was the two girls up front never even acknowledged the fact that i was there . the cashier did n't put my shoes in the bin , instead they put it next to someone else 's shoes and it took a few minutes for kevin to find them . i just proceeded to the gate where i met max . such a fun , energetic person . apart from the two cashiers , everything else was amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my four-year-old daughter one morning to play . a little pricy , in my opinion . $ 17 for her to play . i 've taken her to several of these indoor play areas in las vegas and other states when traveling . typically they charge somewhere between $ 8-12 to play . nevertheless , she had lots of fun . parents : bring socks for yourself . you are n't allowed beyond the check-in with your shoes . i did go into the play structure with my daughter and it was fun . not many people on a monday morning around 10 . we will probably be back , but it wo n't be my first choice . also , there was a young man hanging out by the reception desk talking to the girl behind the desk . he was n't in uniform , but talked to me like he worked there . he was hanging around forever ... probably not the most professional .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to mbco a couple times . the location is great -- overlooking cumberland ave. , close to bloor but quieter . the place is nice and calming and service generally okay . however , as others have previously mentioned , the food items are so overpriced ! ! i had a bocconcini and tomato pizza on a pita ( $ 15 ) . it was okay but dripping with olive oil and oddly served with a side of mayonaise ... this is the first time i have seen mayo + pizza , other than in japan . the lattes are pretty good though . i would come back for a coffee tea , but not for food . random observation : there is a crucifix on the wall behind the cashier . a little out of place with the rest of the decor ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very surprise to see a less than 3 star rating for this place . i ca n't say i am still a fan but used to be a big fan and have lots of sweet memory here . mbco has my favorite lamb burger and 3 mushroom burger . very good coffee too . one of the best spots to appreciate toronto 's beautiful summer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "okay.. the location is convenient and it has a decent patio in the summer . i think this place is overpriced . i 'm fine paying for quality but i think i saw $ 5- $ 6 for a muffin . it was tiny , the cheapest treat you can buy is $ 4 . i can see why it did n't survive in the financial district . no one wants to pay upwards of $ 15 to $ 20 for a quick meal . i 've been here a couple of times with my boyfriend . he likes the location but i think the food is overrated . i had a coffee and tuna pasta salad . the pasta had too much mayo . the sandwiches looked simple but some costs $ 14 . next time , i 'm going to whole foods to grab a healthier option and sit by the rocks or patio furniture in yorkville .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the first time i went to mbco was when it first opened , in 2006 or 2007 . i recently went back for a quick lunch . there are things that did not change ( over-priced sandwiches ) and there are things that changed ( food quality and cleanliness ) . i had a croque-monsieur , which basically was a sandwich with boiled eggs , ham and cheese . i washed it down with an sp aranciata . the whole thing came out to $ 15 . really ? the bread was good . it was well toasted and there was a nice texture to it . the ingredients were not that special . overall , i do n't really know why it had to cost $ 15 . as for the place , it is small but sufficient . the only problem i had with it was that the minimalist all white decor was great in 2007 , still great now , but without proper maintenance the white decor is now grey . maybe it 's time for a fresh coat of paint ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent food but very very over priced ! i keep coming back but it 's after saving up for a few days . i 'll keep coming back because of the great food , clean appearance , and friendly staff . if the price was more reasonable i 'd be here every day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "staring right at you when you enter is a long display case of pre-made sandwiches , baked goods , and desserts that they plate and re-heat upon order . against the clean white decor , everything looked so vivid and delicious , i wanted to order everything ! i ended up ordering a chicken quesadilla , while my coworker who i was with ordered the shrimp and lobster quesadilla . to be honest , both quesadillas tasted quite similar . they must have used similar ingredients in both . there 's a bit of seafood flare in the shrimp and lobster quesadilla but it is largely covered up by the prominent seasoning . what i loved about these quesedillas is that they do n't come pre-smeared with sauce , but on an over-sized ceramic spoon on your plate . i feel the price tag is a bit steep for the food , but nothing that is n't expected given its prime location . there are probably better places to eat in yorkville , but their charming courtyard patio is definitely something i would come back for .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this establishment gets the 1 star rating due to the lackluster service by the 2 snooty girls working behind the counter . i inquired how the hot chocolate was prepared and she did not know ! i asked her if they used water . she made a wtf face and said , no with a bad attitude . i asked her again , so what do you use . she proceeded to list the ingredients as if my question was stupid . i do n't like bad hot chocolate ; i like to know how it 's made . the place was as frigid as a polar vortex dumping its cold weather into a centralized location . another customer asked her why the heater was not turned on . apparently , she said the owners did n't want to . you know what i do n't want to do ? return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "overpriced is an understatement . paid over the odds for the worlds smallest 3 cheese grilled cheese sandwich and a lemonade . service was average at best , hardly the friendliest of staff . ( it was n't too busy ) made the most of the beautiful weather and sat on the patio for some people watching . listened to the table behind me bemoan the fact that both the service and the food have gone downhill . wo n't return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't know why people are giving this place such poor reviews . yes its `` pricey '' but it 's yorkville ... if you want cheap wraps go to the nearest food court ... yes the staff may not be friendly , but if you deal wtih rude people all day , what can you expect ? ( i can ' t comment if you 're a nice person and they were just flat out rude to you -- they 're probably fired by now , they always have new employees ) anyways ... i have probably consumed maybe 100 chicken pitas from here..they are amazing , and delicious . especially with the mayo dressing on the side . they also serve alcohol and mini creme brulees ( mm ) ... oh and try the portuguese tarts they 're good too . i love the decor and how clean it is . the patio outside is always busy ... great to come here wtih friends ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love montreal for its atmosphere and the really good food that you can have over there for a regular price . but this place is really misleading customers . atmosphere is not friendly at all and waiters are clearly not from quebec . food is overpriced and not even particularly good . i had a ham and brie cheese omelette which was overcooked and not as good as what i could do by myself . another place in yorkville which only subsists because it 's yorkville ... overpriced and supposedly trendy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the few places you can grab a small bite to eat that 's not a full restaurant with a sit down area . everything is a bit over priced , but hey , it 's yorkville . i had an egg salad sandwich , which was tastey but hardly worth $ 8+ that i paid for . although , they did heat it up for me and serve it with a nice aioli . this was the cheapest thing , all other sandwiches were at least $ 10+ . inside it 's small , but okay if there are n't a lot of people around . there is also a make shift patio with tables and chairs out in the park . this was n't my first time here , but both times i 've seen tables uncleared and with remenants of the previous eater . i just do n't get people who do n't put their stuff away then they leave ! i guess some folks are used to people picking up after them . however , i would expect the establishment to clear it in a timely manner as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "too little for too much . for $ 20 i got a very small chicken village salad , a diet cola and attitude . dont waste your time or your money . the salad at whole foods or loblaws are just as good for far less !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "foods are just average but they are so overpriced ! i came here number of times and ate different things . sandwiches , salads and stuff like wraps and blts at this deli are plain . for the price they charge i never found anything too special . but desserts are yummy and savoury and i sometimes want to go back to try more cakes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "although this is a bakery , i think of it as my favorite coffee shop in yorkville . it has more character and better food than the nearby lettieri and starbucks . the coffee drinks are competent , the salads and sandwiches excellent . service can be hit and miss , but it 's ok on average . the outside patio is really pleasant , facing that lovely mini-park above bay station . as always in yorkville , expect to see some fake boobs on stilettos and affectation by vapid souls trying to make this manhattan without knowing how . but they wo n't attack humans unprovoked , so you can still enjoy this little bakery on a lazy weekend afternoon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "too overpriced for what they offer ! a sandwhich will cost you around $ 15 . do n't get me wrong , it is not bad food . however , for the price you 're paying you would expect something a lot better . i ordered a portabello mushroom sandwhich and it came with a small ramekin of fruit . it was loaded with butter , which i 'm not really a fan of . the total was $ 25 . it would have been better to spend that amount at a nicer restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sehr schlechte erfahrung gemacht bei diesem arzt heute . ich war zum ersten mal dort , weil ich bisher noch keinen arzt brauchte in stuttgart . zuerst das positive : stilvolle einrichtung & wartezeit unter 15min . negativ : die ( einzige ) sprechstundenhilfe ist erst mit dem pc mehr als 5min besch\u00e4ftigt bevor sie ein hallo hervorbringt . die kontaktfreudigkeit scheint eher gezwungen und ein l\u00e4cheln gibt es nicht . man dr\u00fcckte mir kurz ein formular in die hand und das war es . weitere worte nicht . informiert und beraten f\u00fchlt man sich hier keinesfalls . einmal und nie wieder f\u00fcr mich .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fachlich sehr kompetent , keine lange wartezeiten ; nettes personal , terminvereinbarung bei anderen fach\u00e4rzten h\u00e4ufig durch dr. rezutka oder seine assistentinnen selbst . sch\u00f6ne , moderne r\u00e4ume ; gute lage !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wie bereits erw\u00e4hnt , ist die praxis sehr modern und stilvoll eingerichtet ein wenig f\u00fchlt man sich in dem offenen wartezimmer wie in einer unwirklichen soap bei rtl . die ruhige chillout-musik , die leise durch die anlage in den r\u00e4umen zu h\u00f6ren ist , wirkt ebenfalls sehr positiv . die h\u00fcbschen dame am empfang allerdings sind eher weniger positiv , ein herzliches willkommen ist kaum zu sp\u00fcren , ein k\u00fchles hallo und ein angespanntes l\u00e4cheln.der doktor ist sehr freundlich aber wie auch die damen am empfang eher etwas unterk\u00fchlt , was auf manch anderen leicht arrogant wirken kann . behandelt wurde ich trotz allem immer gut und war im gro\u00dfen und ganzen soweit zufrieden . die lage der praxis ist perfekt , direkt an der s-bahn stadtmitte .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sehr netter , freundlicher und extrem kompetenter arzt , bei dem man sich sehr gut beraten und aufgehoben f\u00fchlt . sch\u00f6ne , helle , moderne praxisr\u00e4ume und geringe wartezeiten . kurzfrisige termine waren bisher ebenfalls immer m\u00f6glich . ein lob auch an die sehr netten und hilfsbereiten arzthelferinnen . gute erreichbarkeit mit \u00f6pnv , da citylage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "auch ich kann mich meinen vorrednern nur anschlie\u00dfen . der arzt ist wirklich sehr kompetent und nimmt sich zeit f\u00fcr seine patienten . die terminvergabe lief bei mir bisher nur einmal nicht optimal , als ich mit akuten beschwerden wieder weggeschickt wurde . was jedoch in der praxis \u00fcberhaupt nicht geht , ist eine der empfangsdamen , die auch schon l\u00e4nger dabei ist . sie wirkt extrem unfreundlich und genervt , sodass man sich im ersten augenblick kein bisschen willkommen f\u00fchlt . ihre rothaarige kollegin , die ich letztens das erste mal gesehen habe , wirkt jedoch sehr freundlich und offen . insgesamt also von der kompetenz her durchaus empfehlenswert , aber dr. rezutka sollte sich mal mit der erw\u00e4hnten empfangsdame auseinandersetzen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "prompt but the soda is always off tasting . the parking lot smells like sewer gas which can be a definite turn off . employees are nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "drive thru was pretty good . they did n't know what i wanted when i said the quesadilla wrapped burrito . they only knew it by quesarito . it was good . quite filling . it was $ 3.79 which is pricier than regular burritos and tacos , but it was a delicious combination .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there is nothing worse in fast food than getting home from the drive thru and realizing they forgot part of the order . when it 's just my food , i check it before i leave . but when there 's a group , it 's hard to check the entire order before leaving the drive thru . clearly that was a mistake !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was visiting home depot and went to taco bell as they are next to each other . i waled to the counter to order and saw 5-6 employees taking care of drive through customers . there was a taco bell management meeting in the lobby with 5-6 other people having a planning meeting . unfortunately , there was no one to take my order . i would give the rating a 1-star except for an employee from the back contacted the person who was supposed to be working the counter . the person that came to take my order was obviously a trainee and did not know how to enter my order . that explains why he was hiding in the back . it was not a good experience . i live near this taco bell location and will not be back anytime soon . it was really a case of poor store management to leave a shy trainee in charge of taking customer orders .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this taco bell ! ! it has the nicest employees , they 're polite and friendly and i really appreciate it . my order has never once been messed up ... . and i do n't have to ask for napkins or utensils . i 've never gone inside so i ca n't speak for the lobby dine in . the only thing i would suggest is that the owner put a shade up around the order board , you ca n't hardly see anything after the noon sun starts heading that way", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stop at this location about twice a month and always use drive thru . they always get my order correct and they are always nice and friendly . had a couple breakfast items today and they were great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i made a quick stop for breakfast burritos and a couple bean burritos . got out for under $ 7 . `` the beans were good too '' , per my husband . being on our way back to california , i was impressed they were fast and accurate . no problems . it was a very clean place . friendly staff . large eating area . located right next to home depot . the food hit the spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heading into hone depot and hungry . i was lured into the taco bell drive thru after seeing signs on their window advertising the new chicken biscuit taco . sounded good . i try to order and chick in drive thru has no idea ... she then tells me there is no such item . i leave drive thru thinking i must have been seeing things ... .but no i wasnt ... .i see the sign again and this time i called . girl answers and says it 's only served for breakfast . signs do not say that . what a waste of my time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nachdem ich bis auf weiteres das fresh sub meide , habe ich gestern zum ersten mal dem pokkez einen besuch abgestattet . das ambiente ist wirklich sehr stylisch , aber dabei nicht ungem\u00fctlich . das personal war sehr freundlich und auch die preise sind eher moderat - insbesondere , wenn man ein men\u00fc nimmt . dann bekommt man ein getr\u00e4nk schon f\u00fcr 1,10 , - eur im pokkez gibt es haupts\u00e4chlich wraps , aber man kann sich auch ein kleines m\u00fcsli oder einen salat bestellen . alles wird frisch zubereitet - ohne jegliche konservierungs- oder farbstoffe . mein bangkok-pokketilla ( 4,40eur ) mit h\u00fchnchen und kokos-curry war wirklich sehr lecker , wohingegen der vegane ( ! ! ! ) bali-wrap ( 3,90 eur ) etwas mehr so\u00dfe h\u00e4tte vertragen k\u00f6nnen . so wie 's aussieht , werde ich hier nun \u00f6fters vorbei kommen , weil 's schmeckt und mir der laden sympathisch ist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "einfach top ! ! ! kleiner laden , aber schon beim reinschauen lachte mich die verk\u00e4uferin nett an . leider liegt der laden etwas abseits , aber wer den h\u00e4agen dasz laden kennt , gleich gegen\u00fcber . die wraps sind teuer , sehr lecker und f\u00fcr 1,10eur ein interessantes getr\u00e4nk dazu ( z.b . fritz-kola kola-kaffee ) kann man nicht meckern . und selbst als mir kurz vorm einpacken einfiel noch extra k\u00e4se zu bestellen , gar kein problem , wrap nochmal durch den ofen und ab . freundlich , lecker und gesund dazu . deshalb ganz klar 5 sterne .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "frisch und super lecker ! ! ! bio . preis leistung ist gut und das beste als sch\u00fcler oder student bekommt man ein getr\u00e4nk gratis dazu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "war heute das erstmal dort . wurde gleich nett empfangen . \u00fcberaus nettes personal und die wraps werden direkt vor deinen augen `` gewrapt '' : ) pokkez macht auch einen sehr hygienischen eindruck . softdrink als student for free . das macht auch die `` teuren '' preise wieder wet . aber bei der qualit\u00e4t zahl ich gerne mal ein euro mehr ! scheckt auf jeden fall sehr frisch und es ist mal was anderes ! top ! nun hat pokkez einen neuen stammgast", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sehr lecker unbedingt empfehlenswert . achtung : macht sehr satt . die vegetarischen wraps sind k\u00f6stlich !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in dem engen kabuff in dem fr\u00fcher b\u00fcrger-meister mit maultaschen war ist jetzt pokkez mit wraps . es wurde gr\u00fcn angestrichen , gut beleuchtet und sieht so hell und freundlich aus wie es in diesem sarg\u00e4hnlichen , fensterlosen laden eben geht . die wraps sind ziemlich teuer , aber sehr lecker , allerdings nicht gerade sehr s\u00e4ttigend . die bedienung ist recht freundlich . also f\u00fcr ein kleines gesundes zwischendurch durchaus ein thema .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gutes konzept und auch die preise sind mit den besonderen angeboten f\u00fcr sch\u00fcler studenten super . die pokketilla athen hat mir aber leider gar nicht geschmeckt .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lachs-tortilla mit senf-sauce . war wirklich lecker , aber nicht besonders gro\u00df . f\u00fcr 4,90 als fastfood eher teuer . die mitarbeiter k\u00f6nnten freundlicher sein , vor allem wenn der laden leer ist . ach so : es war ausreichend lachs auf dem wrap . vielleicht also doch nicht so teuer ? das essen ist \u00fcbrigens ohne geschmacksverst\u00e4rker , farbstoffe usw . das finde ich gut . aber ob es denn immer gleich bio sein muss ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sehr kleiner , gr\u00fcn beleuchteter bio-fastfood in der kronprinzenstra\u00dfe , gegen\u00fcber vom romy s. es gibt wraps , die total gesund , total bio und was wei\u00df ich nicht alles sind . schmeckt halt nicht nach dem glutamat-m\u00fcll der anderen fast food ketten . die preise finde ich eigentlich okay . vor allem , wenn man den euro-studentenrabatt ( wahlweise freigetr\u00e4nk ) abzieht .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheap and for a reason . arrived to pick up the car and only had one agent working with 5 people waiting . they were out of the size car we wanted so he gave us an upgrade from an intermediate car to a huge suburban . the next day one of the tires had a slow leak in it and the sensors came on , added air and sure enough 6 hours later needed to add more air . called e-z about it and had to leave a message , of course they never returned the call . left a second message the next day . of course no call back again . ended up having to add air multiple days over the next couple of days , cheap cars but dont expect any help should anything go wrong .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i made my reservation via travelocity for a car with ez rental car , the same company as advantage . i arrived in boston at 1 am . the service counter was closed , though they stated online it is open 24 hours a day . i followed a sign that said to go to the advantage booth in the garage . after waiting in line there for 30 minutes , i was told there were no cars available . they said they do not guarantee they will have a car . they were turning everyone away at that point . i was stranded at the off-airport rental car center at 1:30 am in a strange city , not even knowing where i was ( since i had taken the shuttle bus ) . thankfully , after witing in line for 2 other rental car companies , i was able to get a car from another company . it cost me $ 121 more , though .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely terrible experience . waited in line for over an hour and had one teller at a time helping a line of over 20 people . customers around me were getting their vehicle types ( i.e . suv ) denied due to inventory , even though they had reservations . the service was fine , but the staff was miserable . i would have no surprises if someone walked out that day . this is in no way worth any value you may or may not save . never rent from this company . spend $ 10 day and go with a reputable company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i could give this place a negative star . the biggest crooks ever . their rep martin slammed my father on all types of insurance ! they take advantage of people . they charged him well over $ 800 for a basic car rental for 5 days . outrageous . and when you try to contact their office no one is picking up the phone or would make you wait countless minutes . when you contact their 800 number they ca n't help you with anything . they are one the most horrific businesses out there . stay away ! do not rent anything from them you will get price gouge . i am definitely reporting them to the bbb . their practices are unethical to say the least . modern day crooks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "called the front desk at the airport . i was misinformed by the gentleman assisting me and i knew the information was wrong so asked to speak with a manager and was told that the manager was going to tell me the same thing . i said that was okay and proceeded to hold . was on hold for over 15 minutes then hung up on . i called back 4 times and no one answered the line . cancelled my reservation and was assisted very politely by a woman at enterprise and made my reservation with her instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bait and switch . bait and switch . bait and switch . do not go near this place or even advantage car , who also owns ez . the price online is unbelievably cheap compared to other rental cars and , unfortunately , i was stupid enough to book it . problem one : their quoted $ 7.00 day `` midsize '' car is actually an economy car at any other rental agency . thus , you are forced to `` upgrade '' to a car you thought you were getting in the first place . of course they give you an `` 80 % '' discount on an appropriately sized vehicle ... and say it will now be $ 15.00 day . well ... you are angry but resigned until they print the summary of charges . now , in addition to the $ 15.00 day for a larger car , you are also forced to pay the original $ 7.00 day charge , making it a total of $ 22.00 day . we walked next door to enterprise and had a fantastic experience . honest people , fair pricing , superb customer service . walk-away from ez ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "50 minute wait to get a car . 24 people in line when i got there . 4 workers . then , the car smelled like bo .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the line in front of the advantage rental car is pretty long . after being here for a while i see why , no real sense of urgency . wish i was in a more professional environment . this is going to take forever", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible , terrible service . waiting in line for 30 minutes with an online made reservation online . do not use them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "your reservation will be worthless . they overbook and they neither notify you ahead of time nor do they try to secure a reservation with another company . they just turn you away and say that 's what happens when it is busy . horrible service , do n't use or trust them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "booked a car this past week , a toyota camry , which was ok , until friday afternoon when the battery died . seriously , they do n't run a diagnostic on each car before giving it out ? ? ? ! ! ! got bounced around the `` 24-hour '' 800 number for 45 minutes and was fuming by the time i was helped . no one offered to come out and swap cars with us we had to have the car jumped , ( thank goodness for the nice people at camelback ranch and o'reilly auto parts ) , and bring it back to the airport ourselves to swap out . beware , there is no customer service with this company ; stick with a name-brand rental agency .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the prices are low but do you want to really wait in line for a car for 2 hours ? never again . very poor customer service in response to the comment by advantage , at least put in an express line for people that have prepaid and just want to pick up theirs car", "score": "1"}
{"review": "truthfully zero star deserving . `` take advantage '' rent a car . prepare yourself for unethical sales tactics , pushy sales at the counter and provide you with inaccurate information such as `` your car insurance most likely does n't cover you or the car in this state '' haha yeah right jack ss . it 's state farm insurance , last i checked they offer coverage everywhere in the us . do n't even try complaining to customer service , they ca n't help you and just tell you to return to the counter and speak to a manager at that location ... . right , i 'll go ahead and fly back out there just to talk to a manager . i absolutely will never use advantage again at any location thanks to this terrible experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jo was super nice and efficient . the lines were not long compared to the other places . only waited about 20 minutes . prices are decent . would rent again : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never come here . i warn you . they move very very slowly . take one customer then other guy goes on break with a line of 15 people waiting . do n't even know about service or correct cars since it has been 40 min already . trust me , avoid at all costs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was renting with ez rental car , which is a part of advantage . we got there after a cancelled flight . we got downstairs into the office and the gentleman tells us the computer is down and there is nothing he can do for us . he recommends we go to other rental car offices to see what they can do for us ( which someone else had already tried and they were triple the price ) . 30 minutes later when their computer was finally back up and working we got a car that was dirty on the inside . i sent an email to their corporate office and no one ever got back to me . do not use them ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horribly frustrating ... took us longer to rent a car than it did for us to fly here . if you know you have a lot of reservations in the system you need to have staff on hand .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my first time experience with advantage : i use rentals at sky harbor all the time with no problems . booked a rental through a 3rd party site and upon arrival to pick up my rental the experience alone was a disaster , and of course communication with advantage staff was not helpful and blame the 3rd party site , supervisor was less helpful was was dismissive of my concern in the effort to remedy but `` policy prohibit '' for any remedy . bottom line : will never use advantage again and always read your fine print", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they suck , booking in advance means nothing as you will wait about an hour just to show their staff your pre-booked reservation . they do not understand the concept of volume and can not handle a normal influx of people from the airport . the only reason this was not a 1 star review is because they came out to be about 2 $ cheaper a day then the other places . not worth the savings .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "got charged $ 200 more than what my confirmation email said i would be charged . i thought it was just a security deposit . an employee told me that there 's a $ 200 fee for dropping it off out of state ( i picked it up in phoenix and dropped it off in san diego ) . i told him that the total price in the confirmation email should have reflected this $ 200 fee . he said he would have a manager get back to me . they are horrible about answering the phones . i had to call 11 times yesterday before someone actually picked up the phone . it would n't be that expensive to hire someone just to answer phones . they do have voicemail but absolutely suck at returning calls . i 've left 2 messages with 2 different people about this situation , and nobody has gotten back to me . that 's no way to run a business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "17 people waiting in line to rent cars , 2 counter attendants working ! i have sat in line for nearly 20 minutes already", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you will get a car at a cheap rate . but it will be one beat up piece of crap . staff are rude . reserved an economy got a minivan that had been put through the ringer- dents , scrapes , missing parts , stains on upholstery , funny smell from the vent . spend $ 20 more and go with another company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "why do i keep doing this to myself ? i guess it 's the low prices . but the excruciating slow , long lines are ridiculous . the average experience includes maybe 2 people behind the counter and a line of about 14 people long . with an average transaction time of 5-8 minutes , you are looking at 35 minutes to an hour , minimum . to rent a car . if one of the employees does n't go on a break while you are in line . how about more counters open ? how about a faster process ? how about kiosks ? this is 2017 , remember . i do n't have all day to waste .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i agree with most of the responses . when i got in at 10pm , there was just a single person at the desk and 5 people ahead of me . all of the other companies had no lines and people breezed through . it took us over 30-45 minutes , which is tragic when you still have a 2 1 2 hour drive to sedona .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never again , i got ripped off they overcharged the price quoted and even after i was unaware of the `` extra '' charges until i checked my bank statement !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give them zero stars or negative stars i would . shame on me for picking this rental car company and never again . beware folks , be prepared to wait in long lines while non motivated employees just hum drum like your at the post office", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is not the top tier rental car location , but it was the best bang for the buck ? my company only pays for the chrapest vehicle , so advantage was it . the counter lady was friendly and although there were no free upgrades , i had a choice of 5 vehicles to choose from . the rental car choice i picked was a chevy cruze . it had a remote start and heated seats . seemed weird to have a remote start for a car in phoenix , but after a day of burning my ass on the leather seats while the outside temperature fluctuated from 110-120 degrees f , i realized i was the idiot thinking it was not warranted . the return service was pretty easy and quick unless you needed a paper copy . in that case it took a few extra minutes , since there are n't many of our kind tgat need a paper copy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stay away from this company ! my wife rented a vehicle for three days , which should have come to a total of around $ 80 , according to her rental agreement . when she returned the vehicle to the same location , they add a $ 1,500 one way rental fee ( plus taxes and fees ) bringing the total to close to $ 2,000 for a three day rental ! ! she pointed out their error and they said they would correct it . however , the $ 2,000 charge posted to our credit card . i called them and was initially told by the representative that he would not help me , and hung up on me ! wtf ? i called back again and was told a refund would take anywhere from three to ten business days . no sign of the refund yet . i 'll be calling visa to dispute the charge by the end of next week . what a pain . save yourself the trouble and rent somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "line says it all ! ! ! 20 folks deep , i will here for hours . 2 customers help in 25 minutes . this place is the worst .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible service . to rent a car it took 45 minutes . not gon na use advantage again . one star because i ca n't go below that", "score": "1"}
{"review": "complete crap nail spa . i was only looking for your run-of-the-mill asian nail salon , in an effort to avoid paying 11 times what i 'd normally pay for a mani pedi at one of the hotel spas , and this place seemed legit ( still overpriced , but whatever , i was desperate ) . whole thing lasted maybe 30 minutes - i 'm not even sure they cut my cuticles - and it was 30 minutes of the woman trying to upsell me ( and 30 minutes of me repeating `` no thank you '' ) . the polish was so shoddily done that i almost asked her to redo it . this place is a joke ! like the first reviewer says , get your nails done before you come to vegas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i feel so stupid even coming to this place ! ! ! this place is the worst experience i have ever had ! ! ! we called this place without checking yelp reviews first which was a big mistake . the second mistake was that i let my sister and her boyfriend that ca n't speak english sit down while i went to the bank coming back and finding that the bill is $ 276 ! ! ! they up sold them on every single thing they could taking advantage of the fact they do n't understand . the third mistake was that i was stupid enough to actually pay this ridiculous amount . not mentioning the fact that they did a horrible job and were very rude . i 'm sure they were talking about us not nicely in vietnamese . i will dispute this charge and i beg you to not give business to places like this . i hope they do run out of business ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went in for a $ 30 for a pedicure and came out with a $ 100 bill . i chose a regular nail polish , and they insisted that i choose another one that was `` instant dry '' . i said i liked the original one i chose but she insisted , i agreed but they did n't tell me that it would add $ 30 to the bill . they were `` nice '' but they kept trying to sell me things , saying that i needed this and that . they charged me another $ 10 for some special `` lotion '' . the place smells like chemicals .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we are back in vegas and as yall can see i reviewed this place last time . despite the bad reviews from previous people this place is our go to pedi and mani . everyone is simple nice . the owner is a great funny guy . i had an amazing chargers fan do my mani his name is lu . the lady who did my pedi was from houston and very sweet and did a superb job . compared to other places in vegas who are high priced and snobby this place has down to earth people . thanks again for a great mani and pedi for my husband and i !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this salon is horrible ! my wedding was the next day and i went hoping to get my feet and nails done . well they would n't let me out without a facial too . all seemed well but afterwards i ended up with an 800 dollar bill for my nails , pedicure , facial , my mom 's nails and pedi and the grooms nails , parrifin treatment and facial . while it seems like a lot , it was pretty expensive . my main problem was not only did they leave the groom 's face red but they promised to have me out of there by 6 because i was supposed to meet my family for dinner but it was almost 7 by the time they finished . later i went to have the nails taken off because my nails were hurting and my nail salon told me they fused the nails to my skin ! my nails could n't grow ! now i know why it was painful . i am not going back ! please be advised against this place as i think they are using unsafe practices .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "messy polish application . had my toenails shaped perfect going in and now they are all crooked . polish on my skin with a dark blue polish is n't cute . skip this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "despite the negative reviews , i went anyway . let me just say ive definitely had better . i really dont like my nails but since i was in dire need to get my broken nail fixed i guess this is better than nothing . plus there was no way i was spending $ 75+ $ 12 to get a fill at the spa in my hotel .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do not come here.they are asian which is ok but they speak in their own language the whole time , they do not talk to you or pay attention to you or what they are doing..my one hour deluxe pedicure was a 15 min torture session ... could n't wait to leave..too bad they are not friendly and they rush .my feet hurt now ... bad mojo ... the massage for an hour my husband cut short at 25 mins..the girl hopped up on his back and crawled around . she was also using a roller ball hand held massager.she kept telling him she was only 90pounds..needless to say they probably do not even have licenses to do massages there , i did not see any licenses displayed.she did not even know how to conduct a massage.the owner was rude and angry because i did not want to go in for a maggage after my husband came out of the room and my feet hurt so bad from the rough pedicure i could barley walk .they charged us full price for less than half service.seriously go to a massage or nail school it would be better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "clean , quiet , walk-ins welcome . friendly staff . sure beats the outrageous prices at the hotel salons .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the most disappointing experience . if you 'd like to be treated with non-sterile instruments by people who demonstrate you their disrespect and absence of qualification and professional knowledge - you are in a right place . do not expect the owner ( he 's also the manager ) to give you receipt .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tools not clean ! they do n't sterilize any of their tools . they clip and cut you and do n't even wash the tools . they just stick them back in the drawer . everything else was ok . they rush through everything and are sloppy . unfortunately it was the only place i could find near the strip that was n't a pricey spa .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after a long walk along the vegas strip , we were lucky to stumbled to this spa along the strip and decided to get their deluxe pedicure service . the experience was great . what hit the spot was the foot massage that was included in the service . not only was my feet nice and cleaned again ( as i was wearing sandals ) i came out feeling like i 'm walking on air and ready for some more strolling along the vegas strip . am glad i found this this place and would come back the next time i 'm in vegas again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "miko did and great mani pedi and hot stone foot massage . i 'll be back next time i 'm in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the most horrible nail experience i have ever had ! myself and a friend were completely desperate to have our infills done . the staff have no idea what they are doing and try to charge for every little addition . i have never heard of any salon trying to change an extra $ 5 to file my nails in addition to the $ 40 they are already charging for an infill treatment . my infill was done in less then 20 mins with no cuticle work . the girl who did my nails was extremely rude when i refused to agree to getting a new full set . to top it off one of nails has already lifted less then 24 hrs after having them done ! do not go to this salon !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst experience i have ever had in my life ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i should have read the warning ! ! ! i walked out ! ! ! rude and just horrible ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "krystle was a huge help when it came to pet sitting my cats thelma and louise over memorial day . this was my first time using a pet sitter and she was great at explaining the ropes to me . she 's very prompt , professional , and her services are affordable . i will definitely be in contact with her for any future trips that i take .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we used krystle while we were visiting scottsdale a few months back with our dog , otis . she was excellent , friendly , and very helpful . we appreciated the daily text messages and pictures she sent us while we were away exploring the city and the grand canyon . we definitely will be using her again when we are in town ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently moved to scottsdale and were looking for someone trustworthy to take care of our older cat ( our only `` child '' ! ) . we contacted krystle after seeing some great reviews on yelp , and boy did we hit it out of the park with her ! she is super friendly , attentive , caring and responsible . she clearly loves animals and takes her job seriously . krystle sent us updates and pictures daily while we were away for a long weekend , which i so appreciated . i worry about our cat when we travel , but she took care of everything and gave our kitty lots of love and attention . if you decide to go with her , you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir sind hier manchmal beim mittagstisch . das essen ist ganz in ordnung ( sicher nicht alles tk ware ) . das ambiente ist auch in ordnung reist einen aber nicht vom hocker . die bedienung ist unterschiedlich , je nachdem wer grad da ist und wieviel los ist . wir hatten aber noch keine wirklichen probleme dort im gegenteil . also alles in allem ganz nett , da kann man schon mal hingehen wenn man grad da ist ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mitten in sindelfingen am marktplatz - parken direkt unter dem marktplatz f\u00fcr 1 , -\u20ac ab 19:00 uhr - liegt das restaurant f\u00e4ssle . ich war immer wieder mit g\u00e4sten verschiedener nationalit\u00e4ten dort und war jedes mal begeistert von der gastfreundlichkeit der wirtinnen , dem ambiente und der qualit\u00e4t der speisen . man sitzt sehr gem\u00fctlich und genie\u00dft .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gutes geh\u00f6rt . schlechtes erfahren . speisen sind aus der packung oder tiefgek\u00fchlt nichts wird frisch zubereitet . daf\u00fcr nat\u00fcrlich dann auch \u00fcberteuert . service war gut und kann ja nichts daf\u00fcr . zum schluss war sogar ein bier zuviel auf der rechnung :", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gem\u00fctliche atmosph\u00e4re , leckere k\u00fcche , gutes bier ( sch\u00f6nbuch , k\u00f6pi ) bei g\u00fcnstigen preisen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wenn man schw\u00e4bisch und gut essen m\u00f6chte , ist msn hier richtig . gutes frisch gemachtes essen , sehr nette bedienung . wir komnen gerne wieder !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "traditional german cuisine at a great price . staff was amazingly friendly and they had an english menu . i tried the steak with potatoes and sourkraut and it was phenomenal ! the atmosphere was 9 10ths of the experience . you felt like the proprietor was proud of the german tradition . oh ... and the beir was on point !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "der sindelfinger marktplatz wird derzeit umgebaut , trotzdem ist das f\u00e4ssle gut erreichbar . rustikales und uriges ambiente , ca 50 sitzpl\u00e4tze an tischen und 10 an der bar . service sehr liebenswert , gerichte frisch und lecker sowie moderate preise . vorwiegend regionale und deutsche speisen . herzhaft und sehr zu empfehlen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "schw\u00e4bisches restaurant mit siebzigerflair . k\u00fcche b\u00fcrgerlich schw\u00e4bisch , preiswert .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not use . i would put zero stars if i could . anything they say they can do for you . you can do your self . not worth the 425 per person they charge . dont waste your time . research . and book your selves . you will have a far better time . and can spend that money towards the fun !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fabulous company to book your bachelor bachelorette party ! incredibly accommodating , and excellent communication either via email or phone . they set us up with a great itinerary and an event planner that stayed with you long enough to make sure you were settled , but did not intrude . i recommend tony for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sick party hosted by anthony . my bachelor party was outstanding . i could n't of asked for a better way to hang up the gloves . if you are looking for a unforgettable sendoff , anthony at montreal vip is the way to go ! from dinners at the best spots to access at the best clubs- the weekend was top notch all encompassing action .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had my bachelor party in montreal and we had an incredible time with many thanks to tony and vip montreal ! ! could n't imagine going to montreal without them . tony hooked us up with great restaurant recommendations and reservations , awesome table hook ups at the best clubs and made sure everyone in our large ( 19 ! ) group had everything they needed to have a great time . tony built an itinerary for us and was always available to anyone in our group for questions , activity recommendations , or anything else that was needed . the price that we paid for his company 's services was incredibly worth it . going to vegas or anywhere like that would be at least 5x the price then what we paid in montreal through vip montreal . i ca n't recommend this company higher . a++ ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "montreal vip was extremely helpful in planning our bachelor party . they listened to the needs of our group and helped us come up with an itinerary that made our trip go off without a hitch . they have great connections in the city , which led to them negotiating on our behalf for lodging and nightlife . the host we were assigned was available at all times and ensured we were taken care of everywhere we went and had anything and everything we needed . he had great energy that helped us keep the party going ! i highly recommend this service if you 're not familiar with montreal and want to ensure you 're trip is the best it can be ! ours definitely hit the mark thanks to montreal vip . thanks jay and anthony !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so charming . i 've never stayed at the inn but i 've eaten here a couple of times . my mom and i did high tea and it felt so special . this included savory and sweet finger foods as well as a pot of tea each . the ladies working here were super warm and inviting too . they also do a downton abbey themed tea which i 've been meaning to check out with the other d.a . fans in my life . anyways , grab your grandma , put on some pearls and get over there for a cuppa !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful quiet restful sleep in a very comfortable bed . delicious breakfast of juice , scones , fresh fruit , clotted cream , raspberry jam , bagel , eggs , bacon and potatoes . all with friendly service . a hidden gem ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a jewel and so close by ! ! ! we enjoyed the tea . three pots of tea -- each a different selection . we had a salad , sandwiches and tea breads and a delicious chocolate dessert . not the traditional english tea -- still worthy of a visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoyed their tea luncheon very much . three small sandwiches , scone with the works , three dessert sampler , quiche and fruit . it was very relaxing and the food was fresh and yummy . i enjoyed chatting with the innkeeper gloria . she is supper friendly and charming . the price was right in line with many of the tea houses i have visited nation wide .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited this business for tea with with my daughter for mothers ' day and was delighted with the quality of food and the attentive service . our server was knowledgeable about the large variety of teas served . her service was timely but not rushed . the decor is cozy , interesting and complements the service and product . this is n't tea at the drake , but a very pleasant place to spend a few hours . i would definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great central location in the cleveland area with hiking trails ! gloria did an inspired job putting together my sisters madhatter tea party at the emerald necklace . great selection of teas and snacks . very accommodating and hospitable . rooms are spacious , clean , and some have outdoor patios as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hidden little gem in cleveland ! my husband and i booked this last minute just deciding to spend the night away . the own met us at the door as it was after check in . she was so sweet and accommodating , even brought us up a special desert in case we were hungry . the room was so cute and comfortable . breakfast in the morning was delicious . loved all the beautiful china . this place is definitely worth a try for a lovely getaway !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this eclectic spot is great for a relaxing chat with friends , and especially if you have little girls . the tea was good and there were severally really nice choices ( although i had to laugh when our 18-21 year old server told us that he `` honestly does n't drink tea , '' then again , what kind of 18-21 year old man really wants to be serving high tea ? ) the salad was good , quiche was nicely cooked , and there was a good assortment of breads , sandwiches , and desserts . the lemon curd sauce is especially lovely . the scones were n't quite scones in the traditional sense , but were tasty . overall , its not an authentic `` high tea '' experience , but its work a visit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a wonderful place to have tea with my little cousins . we had a party of 6 ( with very demanding orders ; o ) ) . gloria was amazingly accommodating and took great care of us . the tea was delicous . everything that we ate was absolutely divine . we will definitely be visiting very soon . bravo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are great to work with- quick and easy ! close enough to uptown without having to deal with airport traffic . definitely check them out for an affordable rental !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is my personal favorite for renting car whenever in charlotte.i have lot of family there so we visit quiet often and i always had the best experience they had the best rates , excellent service and no pressure for extras.i highly recommend this location for renting car if you are looking for affordable rental .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been renting cars from budget for the last 4 years after a bad experience with enterprise . macci and his staff are always courteous and make sure i 'm satisfied . i reserve and pay in advance online . when i walk in the office , it only takes a few minutes to show id and sign papers . i highly recommend this rental office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we always use this budget when renting cars for business or personal necessity . they always find the best deal and they go above and beyond when it comes to customer service ! highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were cool , i do n't like the black guy kind of chubby . his attitude sucks , he also is disrespectful . the muslim guy was cool , just inmature . tall black guy there nice cooll . car sucked , then gave me new one . but what got me most was the black guy talking shit maybe he 's mad because he 's mad cause he does n't like his job , guy w glasses u know who u are ! ! ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this skeezy location could n't provide a shred of proof for why they charged me $ 100 for refueling a fully fueled vehicle . i spent a few weeks trying to ask them to fix the problem , and never once received a promised call back . i finally had to dispute it with my credit card company . seven weeks after contacting this branch , i got my money back . not because they found out they were wrong , but because they are so unorganized and or incompetent ( if they are n't running a scam ) that they charge random people money and ca n't tell when that charge is fraudulent even two months later .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i did not like the service . the store was bare when i walked in and the staff sat around talking amongst themselves . they did not greet me nor did they help me unless i had asked myself . though the wallets were to good to not buy ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you are even considering shopping here , i do n't need to tell you about the quality of the merchandise . the stuff looks and feels great , even items that would n't fit my personality would surely look great on someone else . the staff was helpful without being annoying or pushy which is very important to me . i am far more likely to talk myself into buying something than someone else is .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was searching for a salon that uses organic color systems in the east valley . organic color systems in uk recommended a few salons in the valley and this salon came up in their list . i highly recommend this salon and isabella . she is very thorough with her product knowledgeable and she put me at ease . i had explained to her that i had henna on my hair and she did a strand test to check if she needs to do a vodka wash. ( i did not need one ) i had told her that i was concerned with hair color being too bright and not looking good against my black hair . she took time to explain the color result , the technique and showed me the color catalogue . she did a ombre on my hair with balayage technique . i am very happy with the result . it was exactly as i wanted . i also liked the product organic color systems . it did not have any chemical smell . and my hair feels good even after color . thank you isabella ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to epic beauty about 6 months ago . i feel in love with the organic products that isabella uses . she even gives videos and demonstrations in what box dyes do to a girls hair . it 's an amazing salon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "over a year of being a regular client here and i am still very happy here ! i have brought my son , my daughter and mother here to get their hair done here and every single one of them left very happy ! ! ! all organic line , no harsh chemicals or smell . my hair always feels soft with this hair color line , definitely not like regular dye or bleach . isabella is a very sweet lady who listens to what you want .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally found somewhere to go after numerous , absolutely horrific experiences at some other organic salons . i saw the good reviews and hoped this time it would pan out for me . isabella is awesome . she listened to what i wanted , gave me plenty of time to go over everything and did n't rush me . her products did n't smell and did n't cause me to have any reactions ( i 'm sensitive ! ) . her prices are very reasonable and would allow you to come more often instead of waiting too long with obvious regrowth . my only wish is that she was closer to where i live , but hey , this is a big valley and sometimes you just have to travel to get to the good stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "isabella is a sharp professional who does top notch work . her elegant studio is located in signature salon studios and has a large window with a mesquite tree , and view of the palm tress and desert hills outside that she pointed me towards while she did her work . i have henna 'd hair and she respected my choice was worked with me , that is quite exceptional by itself . the experience was a joy and she charged me an amount that i can afford to pay on a regular basis . she offered to color my brows with the remaining dye as well , i did n't have to ask : ) color and cut came out absolutely gorgeous . definitely a repeat customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bella , at epic natural beauty does my whole families hair ! we love her so much , she is knowledgable , friendly , caring , and sweet . she even cuts our three year olds hair in his wheelchair ! i was referred to bella and will never leave her ! my hair is always stunning and feeling wonderful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i initially went to see dr. martha for weight loss , but ended up finding a great center that helps you from the inside out . her office is a great place to get back on track mentally and physically . not only did i lose 50lbs in 3 months , but i have gone to some great workshops and even a fabulous trip to maui . do yourself a favor and book and appointment with her . check out her website she has a lot to offer and i am sure you will not be sorry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have seen martha several times with my mom and she really changes not only how you think and feel but your wellbeing too . such a great energy to be around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been working with martha reed and the insights staff for a couple years now . i find them to be some of the most patient and genuine people i have found on this planet . the doctor really cares about your results , whatever you want them to be . i have been helped with weight loss , aura cleansing , releasing limiting beliefs , and all in all confidence creation in myself and my abilities gifts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my very first intuitive massage today by pam . it was fantastic ! the messages pam received and passed on to me were spot on and very relevant to my purpose for visiting . the massage alone was very good and targeted the spots i requested she target . with the reading though on top of the massage , it was a unique experience that amplified both the physical and emotional healing i was seeking . the center offers so many more services that i plan to go back and experience over time ! wonderful positive energy from both pam and martha and the center itself !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very impressed with the tools that dr. martha reed utilizes in her practice . i was immediately at ease and felt supported . i am so pleased with how my progress has been . her caring and encouragement has been a tremendous help to me . her pse prgram has been an incredible help in finding the hidden conflicts i didnt even know i had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lacey is incredibly talented and professional . truly an amazing makeup artist . she captured my exact vision and far exceeded my expectations . amazing work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lacey was a top-notch professional from inquiry to delivery . i 've worked with many professionals in the area and was blown away by her presence , confidence , and ability to make the client 's talent feel welcome and comfortable . i highly suggest working with her , and will definitely do so again myself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lacey not only made me look absolutely fabulous ! ! but she has such a kind and sweet energy about her . she had such patience with me , as i am so ocd and knit picky about my imperfections on my face . she really listened and understood exactly what i wanted better than i even knew , and delivered a picture perfect look ! i will be using her again for sure and highly recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lacey has such a bright and fun personality ! she 's extremely professional to work with and her bridal makeup lasts for hours and holds up beautifully . she is very passionate about her work and in helping you achieve a healthy skincare regimen , which is so important ! i love that she helps you prep your skin to look its best before any occasion . i highly recommend lacey elliot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lacey is such a treat to work with ! her talent , knowledge , experience and attitude all make her a fantasyic beauty artist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guys and i get pizza from work here when were on second shift and wana get fat . kids working there are always cool and fast . they actually have a dining area with those cool tableside jukeboxes . wish they had one with all 90s hip-hop . now that would be dope . we only ever get pizza and they take our coupons with no problem . the last time i had from there though it had zero flavor and was a tad doughie for us . might put it out of rotation for a bit..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i grew up a couple blocks from this place and never ever went in there until just the other day . my parents preferred to get little caesar 's because they hate themselves and their children . we almost never sampled local pizzerias . sigh , at least it was n't domino 's . anyhow , we got the large garden salad for ten bones ( it was the size of a beach ball- good value ) and a half sheet za for $ 15 . it was also really big . enough to feed me , the wife , the dog , my ma , and her two dogs . and have leftovers . loved the pie . chewy cheese , mild sauce and crunchy crust . the interior decor consists of a lot of pictures of little league teams they sponsored . i fondly remember seeing kids all over the neighborhood wearing their shirts when i was young . ah , good ol ' willowick . nostalgia be thy name .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are a few things that come together to make cala 's a winner . -super fresh ingredients -nice dining room -super fast delivery", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everytime i 'm home in cleveland i have to get the sunday pizza special that has been the same special for at least 10+ years . 3 topping pizza $ 9.99 . it 's yumma pizza . not the best ever but it 's home and a great family owns this place ! it 's so mom and pop and it 's home ! thanks again guys for making my trip home yummy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was visiting a friend out in eastlake when she recommended this place . the atmosphere had a traditional pizzeria feel . the dining booths had old jukeboxes where you can pick a song to play throughout the restaurant . however , none of them were working at the time and they eat my quarters up . we ordered a pepperoni and mushroom pizza , it was delicious . it had the old thick crust feel to it , almost like deep dish . the toppings were large as well . pricing was reasonable , $ 10 for a large , a little more for extra toppings . service was great , the waitresses are always checking up on you . the workers multitask here as they cover the dining room and carry outs , but they seem to handle it well . i had a good experience here and from what i hear from the locals , this is one of the best pizza places on cleveland 's eastside .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst pizza ever never again pizza was dry garlic bread was frozen wings wtf most easiest thing to cook", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been buying cala 's pizza for years , their hawaiian pizza is the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we order from cala 's around twice a month . we always get a half sheet pizza and parmesan garlic wings . you can not beat the cost and the food is really good . the cheese is shredded fresh and that makes a world of difference . we often will add on a salad , but always order it there , so it is n't hot from sitting on the pizza box . i love supporting small business and will continue to buy from here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got pizza here a few times just to see if they were having a bad day and it was not the case here i went in both times only to see and here foul mouth teenagers making pizzas and all three times the pizza had grease floating on top of cheese not very good", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always love this pizza ... .was my dads favorite . still a go to place . love the half sheet , 20 wings , 20-20-20 deal , twenty dollars ! sometime my husband and i on a friday with no kids order large round sausage , anchovy and it 's best snack ever with cold beer ! that pizza we get delivered but any other time pickup is way to go ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just got a fabulous pepperoni & cheese calzone , cheesey bread , meatball sub & some fries & we shared it all . dough was super fresh & not too heavy , nice marinara too ! general consensus : great value for the money & really good food ! waitress & staff were really nice , very helpful as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we just tried cala 's for the first time yesterday and it wo n't be our last . we got the pepperoni melt pizza , which had the perfect filling to crust ratio and the leftovers reheated well today . tossed salad with italian dressing prepared in-house . spaghetti with meat sauce - portion size is appropriate for the money . the sauce is a little sweet for my taste , but i think that 's a reflection of personal preference rather than quality of the sauce . excellent breadsticks . delivery was prompt , and the driver was personable and courteous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent pizza wings with great customer service . the restaurant is nice and cozy with jukebox selections at each booth which is unique .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am giving cala 's 5 stars because their pizza is good . the staff is consistent . cala 's is there for ya - being dependable . i get their pizza to go , sometimes we eat in . the inside is kinda lame ... but sometimes we want super fresh pizza right out if the oven . we also get 6 wings and a salad with house dressing . dag ! i wan na go ! the waitresses are always friendly normal people , most people do n't seem to eat in honestly the atmosphere is kinda awkward . but i 'm giving it five stars for what it is not 3 stars for everything it is not . do n't take a date there , do n't have a business meeting there , but go there in very casual clothes when you have an evening when you do n't want to put forth any effort to impress anyone . or get take out pizza .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food when they get it right . thats not very often . delivery is always 45 minutes to an hour . always ends up being way over an hour , how do they handle it , oh well . never a sorry we are slow ass liars . done ordering here . its to bad , because the owners worked to hard to have it turn this bad . to many other great places to have to put up with this . good luck folks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok food . expensive . have n't had a very good experience , and i spent so much money , i have n't been willing to try again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "found bleach spots on 2 shirts . went in 4 times to get it resolved because the manager was n't there the 1st 3 times . then she said `` we do n't use bleach and we did n't do this '' . well i sure did n't ruin my shirts for fun , nor do i like to frequently stop by a place repeatedly for giggles . the manager owner turned her back and walked away . me= a couple hundred dollars down the drain . nothing i can do and nothing they are willing to do or admit . do not go here ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ted baker shirt destroyed after only one wear because these folks shrunk the hell out of it . went back in to explain and they said it was n't their fault . similar reviews on yelp should have pointed me in another direction but i did n't think to check . too much faith in the consistency of the dry cleaning business . please bring your delicate clothes elsewhere . bring your underwear here . that 's about all they can clean without destroying .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really nice people super affordable been going here for few years . alternations on pants are ten dollars and that 's super affordable y'all ! do n't know what else to say but yelp seems to want me to write more words . i think they 're very nice and the location is great since it 's a few blocks from my building .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "updated review to reflect the fact that they found my shorts and they 're generally very nice people", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best dry cleaners in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best cleaners in town ! been here since the 1950 's and the only place where i can trust with my clothes ! it 's a very nice family business and not corporate , so they actually do care about service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "firstly , the people posting 4 and 5 stars are the only intelligent ones . let me explain . the others are saying that the food is the same greasy mexican food you can find anywhere . evidently these people do n't have a very developed palate . i do n't think they can distinguish between fresh and frozen goods , proper spices and just extra cheese , or anything else . this was the best ameri-mexican food i 've had in a long time . as for the service , we sat at a table in the bar because they were so busy and we were served constantly by not one , but two servers . ... .this place rocks , the haters just came here with a predisposition to not like it ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was excited when my row mate on the plane told me that popo 's had opened a second location taking over an old garcia 's . i was totally bummed that this popo 's was kind of poopy compared to the original one in maryvale . i ordered a cheese crisp and it was so sad i almost cried . the chicken taco was decent and the rice and beans were the requisite decent as were the chips and salsa . what totally sucked was the fact that their `` guacamole '' is something green ( not real avocado mixed with sour cream ) . false advertising and i can just imagine what any lactose intolerant person would have to deal with if consuming this ( thankfully , not one of my issues ) . i managed to order a couple of sides of avocado slices , some lemons and used their decent salsa to make my own guacamole . i grew up on arizona mexican food . this was not right on so many levels-except for our server who was adorable and accommodating .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "68 reviews ( to date ) and only 1 other reviewer mentioned the horrendous fly problem here ? i guess we just got lucky to come here and spend our entire meal swatting at flies ... management , please buy some pest control ! ! ! otherwise , the food is average american mexican , the salsa is very good and the well rum tastes like rubbing alcohol . the .99 margaritas ( on tuesdays with a food purchase of $ 7 or more ) and fresh salsa were definitely the only +++ 's .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came in for dinner on monday night and it was very busy . luckily we did n't have to wait long but the bar is open seating with both tables and booths so you could always jump in there for a full service menu . our server was an older gentleman and he was amazing . he was super friendly and quick service and you could see he was busy jumping from table to table but smiling the whole time . food was good . i would n't say anything was amazing but we were happy with everything . my husband got a carne asada chimichanga and i got the pollo especial . anything with that happened cream cheese on it is delicious ! ! ! it was my husbands birthday so they gave him a complimentary fried ice cream which was tasty . overall good and service was good and we will come back . thank you !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nope , not coming back ... .the only good thing i can say about this restaurant is they have good chips and salsa . we were dying in our pants when my kids said we should have called the fire department when they brought the fajitas . so much smoke which eventually meant burnt chicken . the steak fajita was just ok , but the beef was chewy and hard to cut . my daughter said the rice tasted like mexican minute rice out of a box and my son said his enchilada tasted like hospital food . jalape\u00f1o poppers , save the $ 6 ... cooked from frozen . blech ! really wanted to like this place ... .but it just was n't happening . left the restaurant pretty unamused that we spent $ 70 on food we did n't even box up to go . bland food , overwhelmed staff and tired decor . still wondering why we had to wait 30 minutes to be seated .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is relatively good but it 's hard to get past the ripped booths , sticky tables , marks on walls and just unclean conditions . this location could use a lot of updating and restoration before we come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i think i am going to coin a new term for this type of `` mexican '' food : wasp-mex . it 's where restaurants take mexican food and what they think is mexican decor and put an anglo spin on it . i know some people like it and that 's ok for them , but for an authentic experience phoenix and the rest of the valley offer so much more . when i went i had a green chicken enchilada and taco . the flavor was bland and lacked other seasoning too . the green chiles tasted canned , the corn tortilla was tough , and the taco was greasy . it was just not good . i find it sad because mexican food has so many regional varieties and wonderful types of cuisine to choose from , but this type of restaurant really bastardizes the food and flavors that deserve to be among some of the world 's best cuisines .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i took the whole family there for lunch on a sunday afternoon and there was about a 20 minute wait to sit down . figured it was a good thing that we were not the only ones there . the chips and salsa were good and the waitress was super busy but still took good care of us . we all ordered some form of chimichanga and they were all good . they messed up my order and brought me beef instead of chicken which was ok because the beef had a little kick to it . the kids had minichimis beef and chicken and they had no complaints . we will definateley be going back . maybe next time we will take advantage of happy hour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came to this place based on a recommendation from a family member who has been to the original location . we went there for happy hour but when we asked the server what the happy hour specials were , they did n't exactly know . it ended up being $ 3 for a 24oz . domestic draft , which is pretty good . there were no happy hour specials on food , but we ordered the mary lou from the appetizer menu . it was a quesadilla with red chile con carne . it was pretty good and definitely very filling but nothing spectacular . overall , i would say that this place is just kind of forgetable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was very disappointed in the service and the food . meet up with a friend for lunch . it took them forever to get our drinks , then to take our order , by the time we got our food it was an hour and they were not busy . it was very greasy i had the chili rellano it was just awful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "chippppppppppp and salsaaaa ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! $ 1 margarita for the win . they have two location , i like this place wayyy better : ) ) great customer service , friendly and constantly filing up my drink ! i loved my veggie burrito , with rice and bean . and if i wanted to , i take a chip and dip it in the bean and rice . yummmm . i shall come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally ... a delicious mexican food place that seats more then 10 . the food is soooooo so good . every time we go we have something new and it 's always hot and fresh . also their margarita selection is outstanding . i am a regular customer now and so is my whole family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never had a bad experience here so i give it 5 stars . everything is delicious and quick to get to the table . on tuesdays they do 99 cent margaritas . one of the better mexican food joints . i prefer this location to the indian school one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me just keep it simple . popo 's should be named poopoo 's . the only people that could possibly enjoy this food is someone very intoxicated .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first two times we went , we liked it . just your basic old school arizona type mexican food . third time , went with friends , and the meat was so salty it was almost inedible . at best it was not enjoyable . last night it was just my husband and i , so we thought we would try again . sat in the bar , had good service , but the mexican pizza with shredded beef and the carnitas plate was crazy salty again , especially the beef . last night i woke up with a horrible stomach ache , this morning i was definitely ill . leftovers going in the trash . two stars for the good service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food , fast service , and nice people . the machaca is great , and the salsa they serve with the chips is good . always a good lunch crowd , but you never have to wait long to be seated . the restaurant could use an interior face lift . some of the booths are worn and a couple of light shades above dining tables are obviously cracked and broken . a basic refurbishing would really go a long way . at times the tables booths are cleaner than other times . maybe it depends on whoever 's bussing that day ? overall , it 's a decent place for lunch and dinner . we go back whenever we 're craving that machaca . 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "portions are huge and the prices are reasonable . the salsa is tasty and the specials are good . had the chicken chimichanga and it was pretty solid .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we like this place . for the price , it is outstanding . we have always have super good service ! they have daily specials , so check their website for the details . i love their rice ! their salsa is very good as well . their portions are generous . yep . good stuff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "more like just-ok , came here today after hearing good things about it the other day from some friends that love the downtown location . the atmosphere was the same casual look of garcias and the service was very good as well . the food though was just ok and maybe i was disappointed from all the hype . i ordered a pollo fundido ( called something else though ) and my wife had a combo which included tamale , tostada , & enchilada . my fundido was pretty good but carolos obriens still blows it away and my wifes tamale was a little dry and she was n't impressed with the tostada or enchilada either . it 's hard to say if we will be back since macayos is so close to this location and that is just slightly better than this place . i was still tempted to make the drive to carlos obriens the whole time i was here . salsa was just ok also , but i asked for hot sauce and they brought me some pretty good stuff that mixed well with the salsa .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they nickel and dimed us . we asked for queso fundido and the waiter did n't know what that was . should have been our first clue . we ordered a cheese dip with spinach any it 's worse than the spinach dip you get at a grocery store , and it did n't come with chips . when we asked the waiter he said that only the bowl comes with chips , not the cup . were we supposed to eat liquid cheese with a spoon ? then we ordered the half pound of fajita and my friend wanted flour tortilla and i wanted corn so we asked if we could have half and half he said that 's not allowed . i said how many come with the dish and he said 5 . i said ok , then can we get 2 corn and 3 flour . he said no , he 'd have to charge me . not coming here again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hosts are completely amazing ! went above and beyond for my unprepared self . always great food here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been eating at this restaurant for over 30 years ( between both locations ) . pricing is good , atmosphere is great . best mexican food in the valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nope , i can honestly tell you that deltaco has better fish taco 's then this place . my husband did n't enjoy his food either and we both felt 'off ' the next day . plus after we paid the server , who was very nice , but he forgot to give my husband his credit card back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "funny how things change . food still great , server ruined our lunch , the only meal i was going to get to have today . 40 minutes of a constant flow of chips and salsa without water , and never saw our server . the place was packed on this saturday . then after asking four people who our server was , they came up with some guy who rushed us through ordering our meals , refused to order the appetizer we wanted and i was so frustrated i could n't even order my food . my husband just ordered me a random taco ... not what i wanted ... i was so angry that i did n't want to eat . ruined my day lunch .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service and food was awful ... the whole dining experience ... from the time we sat down to the time we received our undercooked chicken ( that we tried to send back and the manager was a total b ch about it ) ; they even kept it on our bill even though we did n't even eat a bite of it ... .worst restaurant ever ... .totally not the same as the original ... .never again will i go there ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we adore popo 's . i love going here because everything that we 've had thus far has been pretty much perfect . the flour chips with the queso spinach dip are so effin ' tastey and the shredded chicken is up there with the best ever . but there is one down side to at least this location ... manuel . he is a server that apparently hates his job or at least he hates the customers . his answer to what is the `` green sauce '' like was ... . `` it 's like the red but green '' ... ... ... ... . this is on top of terrible service from him in general , l so if you go stay away from his section and you should be fine : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst customer service i 've received in a long time ! waiter did not pay attention to me when i was ordering so of course my order was wrong . they brought it out a second time still wrong then an additional waiter wanted to argue with me about the situation and the manager is too busy to address the situation . completely unacceptable ! i will never come back and will recommend to all my friends in the area to avoid as well . update : mr. popo came to my table and addressed the situation . completely changed my opinion of this place . good save mr. popo . thanks for your time and rectifying our situation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awful ! first off we had a cross between a voldemort and a ken doll looking waiter that had cold , soulless eyes piercing down at you who was very rude ! the food tasted meh . the soulless waiter got our order in a rude and mean tone and that 's all . the busboy gave us a refill on chips and the some other person gave us our mediocre food . do n't come here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been going to the original location as far back as i can remember ... i do think it 's slightly better than the one on bell but it 's super close to my mom 's house so when we visit we go here . the food is decent ... drinks are good . portions are big ... i always have left overs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their menu says machaca this , and machaca that . only they do n't have machaca . they have shredded beef . sorry , but that is n't machaca . machaca is air dried beef , that is pounded into fine fibers , and reconstituted . i am not knocking their shredded beef , but come on guys , say what is you serve . does anyone in phoenix serve real machaca anymore ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i rarely go to a place more than once . now having made that statement , i have been to po po 's 3 times in the last 3 months ! i freakin ' love this place ! happy hour margarita 's are only $ 3.00 , yummy , tart , and strong ! my limit is 3 and i 'm seriously schnockered . the food is what you 'd expect from a place such as this , basic tex mex dishes covered in cheese ( not necessarily a bad thing ) , the portions are large and the food comes out hot . the salsa is some of the best i have ever had and i eat the entire bowl every time . i had one of the salads the last time we went and i swear there was half a creamy delicious avocado on it . what a treat !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried them for the first time . very impressed . excellent salsa , not too hot . combo plate very good ate two items bringing one home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service at this popo 's is not that great ! the original popo 's we never had to ask for anything . at this popo 's we had to ask to be served , and this site feels like a chain .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my favorite restaurant . we do n't eat out much because i am a very good cook and typically just cook at home because it tastes better and saves money ... but popos ... i could n't stop going here ! their chips and salsa is the best around ( and i 've been to all mexican restaurants ) plus it 's free ! i always get a bean and cheese burrito enchilada style , the portions are huge so i always have a nice lunch for the next day . i 'm vegetarian except for their tacos lol.. i do n't eat any other meat , but when i tried to stop eating their tacos it made me sad . so i caved in . their beef tacos are so delicious ! the atmosphere is n't my favorite but it 's not bad . they did just redo the front waiting area , but being in az most people do n't sit outside in the heat so that was kind of silly.. i do and would highly recommend popos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here twice now . the first time my wife got sick and wo n't return . the second time my son got sick . the food was very greasy and salty . the chips and salsa are great . i wish the other food was equally as good , but it really is n't .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the jalape\u00f1o cream cheese is amazing ! ! ! ! ! the service is good and i love the margaritas", "score": "4"}
{"review": "huge portions . amazing salsas ( especially the green ... ) . fishbowl-sized margaritas . menu contains all of the mexican essentials- but nothing innovative or unique . we had a great service experience and definitely plan on returning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited this place last week when my folks were in town , it 's an older style family restaurant , i ordered some carnitas tacos and a chile relleno . the tacos were ok , the chile relleno was good , and their rice was excellent , really enjoyed it . i was terribly sick about a half an hour after leaving the restaurant and it lasted a day and a half . by sick i mean making sure a bathroom was within running distance . wish it did n't happen , but that 's life . wo n't be going back . : (", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went in for lunch and it took 20 minutes just to get drinks . requested someone to find our waitress twice to no avail . put our food order in and mentioned we only had an hour lunch . waitress responded that she could try to expedite our food . we are now 40 minutes waiting on food since going to lunch . great food but would not recommend this place if you have to eat in an hour for lunch .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first of all my take on the food is it is awesome ! we have always liked the food . but the service really really really is very very very bad . they left us at the table with glasses empty fo longer then they should have especially after having spicy mexican food . also when it was time to get the check or pay they just completely disappeared . service has steadly went down hill .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome ! ! ! the margarita 's will kick your a and the food is soooooo good . not authentic mex but the best american mexican ( even better if you ask me ) you will find in phoenix ! ! ! ! huge portions and value priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going to the original location on indian school for a while but the new location is just as good . waits were a bit long , even on a weeknight , but the service is friendly and the food was just the same . unlimited salsa and chips , and the salsa actually tastes like someone made it rather than opening a jar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was slow and slightly rude . food came out cold but waited 25 minutes so did n't send it back . server was friendly but needed lots of help . would not come back . first and last time here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in for lunch today . the service was quick and the food tasty . the lunch menu is very limited and with an iced tea the meal was over $ 10 before tip . it is however one of the few restaurants in the area where you can have a sit down lunch and be back at the office within an hour .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good was very good , unfortunately the meat to tortilla ratio was 85 % tortilla 15 % meat in the chimichanga ... sucks knowing i paid 14.95 for a 80 cent tortilla ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "honestly the worst margarita we 've ever had . yuk . had to put it on the bar and walk out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "popo 's fiesta del sol has great food , excellent service , and comfortable seating . this was my husband and i second visit . they use only the freshest and finest ingredients in their dishes . everything is authentic , and the salsa has just the right amount of kick to it . we will be back for more visits . the restaurant is clean and beautifully decorated . it is well worth the drive to come visit there from where we live .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is very large building with lots of tables . they have some of the best chips and salsa around . their entrees are rather standard sit down mexican food entrees . last time i came here the food i got did n't digest rather well but that can also be typical of mexican food . the service has always been adequate . overall a pretty standard mexican restaurant in america .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no bueno . came for breakfast . place was dead and probably wont be around much longer . chips and salsa were weak . asked for hotter salsa and it was even weaker . albondigas tasted like plain broth and came with almost no vegetables and two small meatballs . menudo was whack . tortillas were raw and unedible . sprite was good . enchilada style sauce had no heat or spice . i would recommend not eating here to anyone who is thinking about it . there is an el pollo loco in the same parking lot that is a hundred times better . rip popos .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is ok. food is good not great . prices are average . all and all very average in all respects .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "saturdays and tuesdays are $ 1 margarita days . ( oh and the food is really good too . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time eating here and it was absolutely delicious . my toddler and i came on a date and ordered the popo special and the kids quesadilla . the food was very delicious , fresh , and hot . the place was very busy & i could see why . total price with his juice and my water was $ 20 . chips and salsa were complimentary and fresh too . i would definitely come back and recommend to other people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been coming here for years . management and the team used to be so much better . over the past few years it 's gone to crap . the hostesses act like they are too good to seat you . the servers act careless and hate their job . sometimes we get a great server . i wish they 'd pick up their act . something always goes wrong when we come here . great memories from here . pick up your act guys !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty good dining . i ordered a taco platter - 2 carne asada tacos and 1 fish taco . i thought the fish in the fish taco had waaay too much breading . the rest of the food items were typical of any large chain mexican restaurant . lots of food , chips , salsa , which could have been spicier hotter - was tame enough for small children , but i think adults prefer more kick . service was fast and very friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love popo 's ! awesome authentic mexican food . huge portions . great happy hour with margaritas and beer . food and drinks are always consistently good . will continue to make the drive from anthem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally got around to eating here after many co-workers telling me how good the food was . it definitely lived up to the hype . the food was really flavorful and the service was friendly and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really wish i could give this place 5 stars . the food is amazing , the atmosphere is really nice however to service is terrible . the wait staff is so slow . we were sitting for 15mins before we were asked for our drink order which was n't even our waiter but a bus boy . when we finally were able to order the food came out pretty quickly but trying to get our bill and pay it was a fiasco . i do recommend this place but be prepared for a lengthy stay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for the most part , i really like their food . however , i went there this past weekend and ordered some of the guacamole with my meal . it tasted stale old and i mentioned it to my waitress . instead of taking it off the table ( i did not eat it ) and taking it off my bill , she came back to explain that the kitchen said that it all depended on the quality of the avocados from day to day and that i had the bad luck of getting the bad avacodos . not her exact words , but her sentiment . wrong answer ! her tip reflected it . i will be hesitant to go back in the near furture and will definitely not have the guacamole again , which is an upsale because i always order extra with my meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the drinks and atmosphere are great . service was n't bad either . very friendly staff . beautiful decor and clean restaurant . the food on the other hand ... i was not a fan . maybe i 'm spoiled coming from houston but i thought it was well below average . cheese dip was way too thick . too much sour cream . salsa tasted like straight tomato paste . and our fajita meat was way overdone . maybe it was just a bad night in the kitchen . do n't think i 'll be giving it another try though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "last night i went to popos i usually have a good experience but last night i did not . i order the taco platter and they only gave me my tacos and forgot the rice and beans . i did n't realize till i got home since i did take out . i wo n't be returning for awhile $ 10 for 3 tacos that is n't right ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a pretty standard americanized mexican restaurant for the area . our group of five was seated promptly ( although it was very early , so no crowd yet . ) our server manuel was very friendly and efficient , chips and salsa came out right away . i ordered a fiesta special which came on a big oval plate filled with refried , rice , and guac salad with a chili relleno and a machaca taco . the chili relleno was just ok , the shredded beef taco was delicious although could have used a little more beef . in all there was a lot of food on the table , they do not skimp on the portion sizes . negatives : not much of a mexican beer selection at all , they had mostly lighter domestic beers . also , there did n't seem to be any really hot sauce to be found ; the salsa was very mild and the 'hot sauce ' they brought when asked was barely medium . so if you are really into that , bring your own bottle of hot sauce to put on their great food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried this place over the weekend . the service was excellent ! the chips and salsa were good . i had a red chile burrito enchilada style . with all of the rave reviews of this place i was expecting a lot more , but it was just ok . it was the same as all the other red burrito 's i 've ever eaten . beans and rice that came with the combo was about the same as any other place i 've been to . beer was nice and cold , and the service was great ! i 'd eat here again , but next time i 'll try one of thier specialties .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is our go-to mexican spot in phoenix . we travel for my husband 's job and it 's the first thing we do when we get back to town . and trust me i love mexican so i drag my husband to any one i can find along our travels and nothing compares to popo 's ! must try the pork fajitas . they also have a happy hour for drinks that you can take advantage of anywhere in the restaurant not just in the bar . we love their salsa so much we take home a pint of it every visit . they have an awesome queso dip you can get for an appetizer to enjoy with your chips and salsa too . we have tried a lot of things over our years of visiting and they are all amazing- tacos , enchiladas , chimichangas , and huevos con machaca ! the service is always great even when they are busy . we take as many friends and family here as possible . side note- ask your server for the rewards card . great savings . you wo n't be disappointed ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we decided to try it out for valentines day . i can easily say we wo n't be going back there anytime soon . the service was terrible , and the food was far from traditional . my chicken lime salad was just a salad with chicken in a tortilla bowl with ranch dressing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "your typical mexican restaurant in phoenix , but it was pretty good . we sat in the bar and our server was excellent . the chips and salsa were some of the best i 've had . the regular salsa was full of flavor and not watery , while the hot salsa was just hot enough , but not over powering . we split the steak fajitas . i would have liked a better mix of onions and peppers , instead of mostly onions . the corn tortillas were really good ! i am normally not a huge fan of corn tortillas , but these were different . we were both craving black beans , but unfortunately they are not on the menu . overall , great place if you have a craving for mexican food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is not too bad . got some good drinks and some unique menu items . chips and salsa are quite good though . other than that i have nothing else to say . nothing really stood out the few times i was there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "our platters were served on a very hot plate that kept our food warm . the food was great but not memorable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was hoping for some good mexican food as this place is close to my work but that was far from what i got . i felt the sevice was the only good thing at this place . i judge a lot of places by their salsa and it was just lacking bold flavors or spice . my meal was just average at best and i highly doubt i will be heading back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so been coming here for quite a while ... food is good.. service is hit and miss ... but tonight the service was horrible ... i can not believe this waitress ( ceci ) has a job ! ! ! ! the worst service from any restaurant in a long time . on a good note ... bus boy michael was outstanding.. saw i was frustrated , notified the manager and made sure i had everything i needed.. the first time ... the waitress had to be told a minimum of three times on everything ... not very busy so no good excuse except incompetent at her job . i think they need to promote michael and demote ceci ! i tipped michael quite well.. as far as ceci.. here 's your tip ... find a new line of work and do n't eat yellow snow !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "saturdays and tuesdays are $ 1 margarita special . i personally prefer the one on indian school it feels homier . but this place still rocks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only eaten here once , but i can not wait for a return trip to phoenix for a do-over ! i had the chimichanga with ground beef and the works . it was excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i have always had a pleasant experience here . 99\u00a2 margaritas during their happy hours and their fajitas were delicious . chips and salsa are always delicious too . the only thing i would give as feedback to the staff is to take orders a little better and more frequently - i ordered a frozen margarita , got an iced margarita and i wanted to get more than one but by the time the waiter came back to our table to check on us my husband and i were ready to go . other than that i really enjoy coming here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is the sister to an old favorite place on w indian school rd . the food here is as good as at the original , which is the best mexican food in the valley . my wife and i have been going to the old place for over 30 years . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to the other location on indian school for years as my sister used to work there . i was driving home one day from the arrowhead mall and noticed the same name and got super excited . i took my fiancee and two kids here and they loved it as much as i did and the food taste the same as the other location and the restaurant is so beautiful . my favorite part was when your waiting they have a fire going outside to keep you warm in the cold months ! the staff is super awesome and very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the worst place i have ever eaten at ! we ordered soup to start ; albondigas and chicken tortilla . both arrived barely warm , but were inedible due to overabundance of salt ! ordered that sample platter and chicken chimichanga . the chimichanga was sent back due to overabundance of salt . most of the sample platter was taken home in 2 boxes . this was on a recommendation , but will never return even though the rice and the water were the best thing ! ! ! avoid", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would have to say that this restaurant is average at best . if it was n't for the bust boys it might slip below average . the service is downright slow . we had to catch other servers as they flew by to try to get things like refills or some more napkins . as far as the food , it is not anything that i could not get anywhere else . my beans were crusty on the edges so i guess the plate had been sitting out under a heat lamp for a while . the salsa is a mild salsa with a strong garlic taste . i would say do not bring small children as their kids menu is really small so if your kid does n't like the little bit of variety that is there , then they will just have to eat corn chips . everyone was friendly , but i do not think that is enough to bring us back here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yummi tacos and great atmosphere . came here with my mexican buddies and i am in love with it . must try out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time at this location . food was n't very good ; beans were extremely dry and burnt , tortillas were stale . restaurant closes at 11pm , arrived with a party of 13 around 8:45pm and was treated as though we were causing an inconvenience to them . i 'll stick to the 67th ave location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "popo 's is one of my all time mexican food restaurants ! i 've been going there for 20 years , unique and delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dinner was good . came out quickly and super hot . the only reason i 'm giving four stars is because the ground was pretty filthy . lastly , do n't come here if you want a relaxing dinner . very loud environment , and tables are close together . fun place to go though !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the original is better . food was ok.sat at the bar and service was ok nothing to brag about . wo n't be back to this one . original only .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "forgot to take pics of the meal ... place was packed and as usual food delicious . why 3 stars , the most unfriendly waiter i have ever had ! i truly believe he does not know how to smile.. was getting 3 orders to go after meal and i had to repeat it to him 4 times at different times ! it was like pulling teeth to get him to talk and not mubble his words ... ugh ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "visiting from oregon . came in for dinner . service was just okay . we had to ask for silverware to eat our meals . of the 5 things we ordered , the taco pizza was the best ! next would be the street tacos and spanish rice . fun entrance and outdoor area . also has an open air bar !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here several times , and im always happy with the amazing service , and excellent food . when my inlaws came to visit , we ate here . they said everything was great , and the best salsa , i agree . we each had a dish , then mom asked for fried ice cream ... it.was.huge ! 4 of us shared it , and there was some left over . we even had two togo boxes filled with leftovers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best mexican food in az ! ! ! ! we drive from gilbert for this stuff ! we usually get the chicken chimichanga and tacos . always great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cheese crisp is bomb.com . chimichangas and enchiladas are also good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've stopped here a few times . the service is amazing . the food is outstanding . i ca n't say it 's the best mexican food i 've ever had , but it 's definitely up there - and the customer service puts this place easily in the 5 star category for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a sunday family luncheon took me to popo 's fiesta del sol - maryvale ( 6542 west indian school road , phoenix , az 85033 ) . while waiting for our food to be prepared , my family enjoyed the toasty corn chips and lively salsa . an avid fan of comfort food soups , i ordered the highly recommended menudo , which came with a choice of flour or corn tortillas . the spicy , red soup was loaded with delicious hominy and tender meat and was made complete by adding the provided garnishes of oregano and fresh cilantro and onion . ( note- the menudo was listed on the menu as being available only on saturday and sunday . ) the affordably-priced food was delivered in a timely manner and piping hot . ample parking was available on both the front and back lots . the facilities were clean , and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place and go fairly often for margaritas but the service on the patio or in the bar is n't good . they do n't seem to have a sense of urgency and you end up waiting longer than you 'd like . went today and ended up leaving because we waited 15 minutes after being seated for someone to at least come over and tell us they would be with us soon . it was n't busy but there were several large parties , still disappointed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we entered on a monday night . its appearance is tired . the bar was pretty full . we waited and finally had a waiter . all the time we were there ( 5:00pm ) , we felt like they wanted us to take the food and eat it in the parking lot . at one point the waiter actually threw our desert on the table and ran back some place . he was obviously taking care of too many tables , and not doing a good job of it . to say the food was bad , is n't exactly right . the cheese crisp was soggy and needed a few more minutes , the tacos needed to be crispy , the tostada was too wet to pick up . the red chili burro tasted sort of like the chili had not been cooked out and was chalky . the margaritas are made with a mix . the best part was the salsa . that was really good . we wanted to get some to go , but it just did n't happen . i would n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "american mexican : i hafta admit i went in be a little nervous given some of the reviews.. but i thought it was good ... salsa was great and not watered down like a lot of chains , the guac was better then most places too and not loaded with fillers.. i got the mini plater and there was nothing mini about it i left with a ton of food and super full.. my friend was happy with her house margarita ... but not so much the empanadas which looked like deep fried tacos and not any kinda empanadas i ever saw before.. she said they where fine but i would n't order expecting a empanada.. my ice tea was basically water.. service was just fine ... but i am one who does n't want a ton of interaction with my server and he was pretty busy.. did i mention i am full reallllllly full ... salsa is a big deal to me and there salsa is better than most places ive been in the chain department ... okay i hafta go lay down im so full ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "met our friends there for an early lunch-huge portions and very tasty . waiter was very helpful and service was very nice . this would be a great place to take family as the kids would love the music and atmosphere . we enjoyed ourselves !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our first time here we were told it would be a 10 min wait for a party of 2 ... after noticing everyone who came in after us were being seated and 25 minutes later we checked with the hostess and she never even put us on the list ! not surprised considering they were are chatting and socializing behind the counter majority of the time . the food was great and service was nice . i 'll give this place a try again soon but i ca n't get over the first impression .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "real good mexican food . have been to this location 3x 's and their phoenix location 2x . good salsa and chips . they do n't have hot though if that is what you like . love the chicken tacos and the burritos . the service is very slow though . all 3x the service was not very good . service at the phoenix location is really good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the happy hour prices were good , the food was ok. a bit too salty i think , we ordered the machaca burrito with the jalapeno cream cheese and gauc . it was way too salty . we also ordered the carne asada dinner , the meat was nice , gauc and pico was good , but the beans were super salty and the rice was overcooked . i 'm not sure i 'd go back , maybe give it one more shot sometime .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family has been going to popo 's on indian school road since the 80 's , so it was great to find out that one opened up closer to el mirage . this is probably my favorite mexican restaurant . the prices are decent , the service is good , and the food is consistently tasty . it 's sad that i have to leave el mirage , a city that got its start as migrant farm worker 's housing , just to get great mexican food , but at least it 's only 15 minutes away . i highly recommend the bean dip with fried flour tortilla chips . ca n't comment on the bar ( i do n't drink ) but i 've never had bad food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food , wonderful atmosphere ! prepare to bring home your leftovers ! a lot of food especially for the cash ! be prepared to wait during rush hour times but definitely worth the wait !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was great but the service was `` eh ok '' we asked for chips and salsa to go with our to go order and they said no we do n't do that . we had to ask twice for plates and silverware and took sometime before we got our beverages . we like the food ... just did n't have a good dine in experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love popos . i have been going to the indian school location my whole life . living in north phoenix , i was stoked to find out about their new location . i finally tried it out last night . i got my regular- green chili burrito enchillada style with r b . it was excellent as always . the service was very fast . they re-filled my drinks quickly . it was very clean and nice in the new location . rec a million times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been coming here for years now . one of my fav mexican restaurant in the valley . great margaritas as well as food and if you come on a tuesday they are only .99 ! the chicken enchiladas are a personal fav , but the abondagas and chicken tortilla soups are to die for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best green chili burrows we 've ever had- and i grew up on mexican food . we 'll definitely be back . everything was really good . prices not bad either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food ! nice environment ! friendly servers ! one of my favorite restaurants in phoenix !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the quality of service has definitely gone up since it first opened . the best meat by far is their machaca beef . the fajita burrito is excellent as well ! great traditional salsa but the hot salsa is basically chili sauce and lacks flavor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a really good time with family and friends tonight ... .. as always the food was really good ... .. i ordered an enchilada but got a tamale instead ... ... i will go back for there tamale 's ... ... this has to be my favorite mexican food restaurant in the valley ... ... ... ... ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service , food came with huge portions . only thing is the restaurant has very poor ventilation . when you walk in the restaurant , you can immediately smell the deep fryer . imagine walking out after eating and your hair and clothes smelled like `` fried oil '' . try sitting outdoor next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered the chicken tortilla soup . it had 2 little chicken pieces but about a cup of rice . it was too much . i do n't remember it having rice . chips and salsa are always great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my dad an i love this place ! friendly waiters and waitresses . very helpful . i asked if they have smoothies and my waiter said no but he could give me a virgin strawberry daiquiri . i appreciated it a lot . salsa is great . i recommend the fried ice cream . delicious ! staff is very attentive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it can be a little too much grease for me , but if i limit myself to one very delicious shredded beef taco ( and unlimited chips ) , i leave incredibly happy . the rest of my family loves it , too , which does n't always happen with us and mexican restaurants . = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in the area looking for a nice patio style mexican bar burrito , my friend and i sat at the bar . we were automatically greeted by this wonderful young bartender that was very patient with two old ladies , and took the time to recommend the best drinks and choices of what to eat . the service was excellent and would definitely recommend you coming to see martin , the server bartender that helped us out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok but not fantastic food-at least in my opinion . it is basic , quick , non americanized faire . i would like to see the salsas perked up a bit but doubt that will happen as they havent been changed in years and years .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my 2nd time back at this restaurant . i tried their monster steak burrito and boy was that ever right . two perfectly done burritos stuffed with rice , beans , pico de gallo , grilled onions , bell peppers & cheese and of course steak . delicious ! and big so much food i had to take the leftovers home . as far as my margarita was concerned that too was large and served in a nice margarita glass not a crummy ball jar like other places serve . i 'm hooked this is my new goto for great mexican food . olay ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is your standard fare . the service by jose was terrible , very unacceptable . i must also say the past two times there the mens restroom was dirty and flooded floor.nothing like walking in water in a restroom before eating . i dont think i 'll be back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is close to home and is usually very good . the service is usually good but the food can be a hit or miss . i have tried several things on the menu . but the two things i would not recommend at all are the fish tacos or the steak fajitas . the fish is breaded way too much with a little bit of lettuce and tomato ( no cheese at all ) , and the corn tortilla shells were cold . on the fajitas , every piece of steak was full of fat and of the very little meat that was left was incredibly tough . it was the worst fajita dish i have ever had . on the other hand the spinach con queso dip is fabulous along with the chimichanga and grande taco . i may just depend what you order . the good items are really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good restaurant and cheaper than other mexican places . one thing they could improve on is not over heating the food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quite disappointing . the only plus side of this whole experience is the portion sizes , that is if you are a big eater , which i am not . i ordered the chicken picado , and made sure to get the mild one with green chilis , but it still had fresh jalape\u00f1o . my mouth was on fire . when asking the server , he said that it was the green chilis but they must have thrown some jalape\u00f1os in there too . wow . that meal , which i could only eat about 1 8 of due to the size and the heat , cost $ 14 ! my husband 's ordered the pollo especiale . it was better than mine , but the chicken was dry . not going back . our lunch for 2 , with no alcohol , cost $ 40 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "favorite mexican food place . great prices and food . i love their chips and salsa . and everything on the menu", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got the taco platter and the steak was nasty . the steak was dry , pale and flavorless . i think it was reheated . the rice was good but the beans seemed like they were under a heat lamp for a long time . great salsa though . i have had this in the past but my steak seemed like it was pre made and then put on the flap top . i just feel there 's no excuse for 13 dollar tacos .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came with family and our waitress , julie , took our order , left and then came back to recommend a different way to put the cream cheese sauce on top then add cheese to melt it . it was so sweet for her to come back and give her advice . i chose to try it and it was amazing . the cream cheese sauce was under the cheddar cheese and it was warm and creamy ! thank you julie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally , a nice sit down mexican restaurant where you order from the table . nice decor and clean . service and food was excellent . been looking for a place like this for some time . will go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off , my rating has nothing to do with the service . our server was nice & attentive and he received 20 % i 've been here before with a large party of family for a graduation & was n't pleased then , gave it a second try and should 've known better not too . unfortunately have nothing good to say about the food . the chips and salsa were ok , beans tasted like paste that had been sitting at the bottom of a container for a few days.. i felt sick a few hours after eating here.. go down the street to some other mexican restaurants and you 'll be happy you did . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best chicken tacos . serving size is huge , well worth the price . service was friendly and fast . salsa was white people spicy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some of the best mexican food i have ever eaten . i used to go the the location on indian school rd . but this site of bell rd is so much closer to me now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the go-to for a casual date or night with the family . outstanding decor , well-presented meals and something for everyone -- even my picky nephew got chicken nuggets . the chicken tortilla soup is a favorite . others : the lime chicken salad , the chims , and the fried ice cream all of the specialties are big servings , but not big enough to forgo the margerita . the service is nothing to write home about , but go for the food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably some of the best mexican food you can get in phoenix . this location used to be a garcia 's , and when it closed down , i was glad to see it remained a mexican restaurant . i had many happy memories there when it was garcia 's , from when i would come home and visit my family while on leave in the army . however , as popo 's , the food is waaaayyy more improved ! they also have build out the patio and as much as i liked it when it was garcia 's i like it far more now as popo 's ! very good food , always friendly staff , and the portions are huge . you will almost always end up asking for a take home bag or box . shredded beef tacos are awesome there , as are the chimis and chili rellano !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited popo 's for the first time a few weeks ago while visiting phoenix . i ordered the machaca chimichanga with jalepe\u00f1o cream cheese . it was really good ! our waiter kept our drinks filled , as well as our chips and salsa . we were really impressed with our waiter ( i do n't remember his name ) , one of my friends had left something at our table and he ran out into the parking lot looking for us to return it ! that is amazing customer service !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the cream cheese jalape\u00f1o sauce is wonderfully creamy and mild . it can be ordered as a side . portions are generous . as a light eater , i prefer to order ala carte . the fish tacos are refreshing and not too heavy . the rellanos have generous meringue batter which is fluffy and tastes like a meringue ... not the oil it was fried in . happy hour deals are fantastic . the restaurant usually has a wait time but the bar has open seating and service is quick . uno mas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "portion size was huge , and at a great price ! had chicken enchilada with a chicken taco and would highly recommend it to others . lots of spice but not overwhelming , watermelon margarita was also a great compliment to the enchilada", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and service . love their hot sauce and red chili . the tamales were good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fell in love with the food at the original location and now frequent the new location on bell . best , freshest salsa in the valley . very good food . hit and miss on service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used to visit the original location when i was a kid and took my family there . tried this location ( which used to be a garcia 's ) and it is just as good if not better than the original 67th and indian school location . food has the same great taste i know and love .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time for us . raves on chips & salsa were correct . wife tried tortilla soup then ordered seconds for tomorrow 's lunch . seafood enchiladas were top notch as was chicken fajitas . we 'll be back..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great reverse happy hour - salsa and hot sauce very good . try the mary lou cheese crisp , red or green , both delicious . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we eat here on a regular basis , typically at least once a week for dinner . food and service are always good and consistent . 2 item entrees are always good , as is the green chile plate , which is very flavorful , but expect some heat with that one . i love , love , love their salsa , which always has just a little zip to it , but husband prefers the smooth hot sauce , which really is n't that hot . plan to go early , before 5 for dinner , otherwise yiull wait . this place is very popular and will not disappoint !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband & i stopped for dinner . after waiting for a bit & watching others walk in after us & then be seated before us , i was a little irritated . i went up & said something to the girls & was seated almost immediately . the table that we were seated at was sticky to touch . we were seated very close to the other tables around us ( not enough space between chairs ) . but then to see what i think was ground beef on the table from the customers before us ... ... ... .gross ! we are long time customers of popo 's , both restaurants . if this is what we are gon na look forward to from your restaurant , then i think maybe we 'll find another mexican food restaurant to eat at !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is awesome . but the service in the bar is horrible . one bartender to take care of bar , cantina portion of restaurant , while manager and waiters spend there time joking and watching the game .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i called in a simple go-to order of queso and hot sauce . when i got home , 30 miles away , i realized i got salsa and not hot sauce . it was very disappointing . the next time i placed an order , i ordered the queso , a pint of hot sauce and a half pint of salsa . what i got was spinach queso , a pint of salsa and a half pint of hot sauce . it seems like it would be easy enough to get these orders correct , yet popo 's is 0 for 2 . i 'll stick with the original location on indian school .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went there with my wife for the first time food was great .the margaritas are very good ! ! ! ! going again ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good authentic sonoran mexican food . chicken chimi with jalape\u00f1o cream cheese was excellent . large portions . great homemade salsa . was busy but seated in 15 minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when your a hostess you need to make sure your guest are not listening or paying attention before you start talking crap about them as soon as the turn around ! ! at least wait until we leave ! seriously so rude , after someone thanks you ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "delicious mexican food ! that 's why there 's often a line . this is my favorite restaurant in the glendale area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is good . the service is good . but when you have things that you ca n't finish they do not give you any hot sauce or salsa it without charging you for it . that 's ridiculous . also the bar is very hot . it 's 115\u00b0 in phoenix turn the air conditioning down please .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had the shrimp fajita burrito enchilada style . amazing . shrimp was plenty and good size . encholada sauce was a bit salty service came and went . we were waited on by 4 different people . it was confusing and at times lacking . margarita was not good at all .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been going to popo 's for over 15 years . sadly the food just is n't the same anymore . they used to be the best place in town but now just tastes bland ... i order lots of chips and salsa to go and let 's just say it was n't what it used to be . flavorless and boring is now what comes to mind when i think of them .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "popos is a nice family atmosphere ... great food and service . been here several times and have always left full ! only negative i would say is they do not offer to go cups so you ca n't take your tea or coke with you if you did n't get to finish it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff . food is pretty good . servers do great until it 's time for the check . seems like they disappear and you are left waiting to pay . been there a handful of times and it is always the same . i like the chicken tacos and the cheese crisps with green chile . not a huge fan of the beans , which is the most frustrating part of goin here as i love tostadas and bean cheese burros . oh well , just do n't get that anymore there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the hostesses are not the best kinda feel it 's a bother you even walked in . but diego our server was great fast friendly and good . i 'm happy we got his section .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really enjoyed the lunch and food here . i was very disturbed by a photo that a customer had put on yelp and that led me to go vegetarian on this day . i think i had the number 9 which was a red cheese enchilada and chile relleno with rice for about $ 11 . they do not have lunch specials on saturday . the place was pretty full and we got a funny waitress as well . the relleno was superb and it was even missing it 's tail . it had the white cheese inside and a good egg coating while the rice was classic mexican dark brown . for openers , the free chips and salsa were hard to stop eating and the $ 2 side of guac was served in an edible shell and was very creamy and smooth . this place has been around for decades and despite that photo and my trauma from it , this meal worked out well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good food here if you like mexican-american food ! salsa is amazing , especially since i judge my mexican food restaurants based on the salsa and chips they serve and theirs was very fresh and flavorful . i ordered the chimichanga dinner with red chili and it was outstanding ! very authentic ( taste just like home ) and the portions plate was more than i could handle in one sitting ( definitely need a box to take remainder home ) . my service from my waiter was outstanding and the place was packed for a sunday evening too . he was very attentive and provided quick and courteous service . btw this was my second time eating here at this location and both times the service and the food went above my expectations and this says a lot considering i just relocated from l.a. where there is a mexican restaurant on just about every corner you look . sincerely , bookmarked for return", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in for lunch and had the mexicana salad . food and service was great . you definitely get a lot of food for what you pay for ! this was our second time visiting and we will continue to come her when we go out for mexican food . have been to a couple other mexican restaurants in the area and nothing compares to popo 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is amazing . me and my wife have been clients since we where children . recently the service has been unbelievably horrible . last night we visited the restaurant and there was no one at the front door to sit us down . we waited with another 3 parties for like 8 minutes . after going into the back of the restaurant all the employees where sitting behind the bar counting their tips . it only went down hill from there . i had to get up several times for drink and salsa refills . on top of that they start cleaning next to us stirring up dust into our plates . if the owner is reading this my advise is hire new staff . the asian girl who claims to be a manager is horrible . all she says is i 'm sorry sir .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tried this place for the first time today at lunch with a huge group . the service was quick and professional , chip bowls and drinks were never empty . the chips and salsa were delicious ! i had the southwest salad with shrimp and was content . i 'd love to try a burrito there ... .everyone at the table loved their food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good service with mediocre food . chips and salsa were good , was n't offered any hot sauce though . i ordered carne asada tacos which were served to me at room temperature . the flour tortillas tasted like a cheap store bought version . my boyfriend got the fish tacos and he said by the looks and taste they were made with frozen fish fillets . so many better options in the area . this was our second time here and we wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is great but service is very bad . i was ready to take my food togo and the lady that is cleaning dusted the carpet with a broom and the dust went on my food . so disrespectful first time visiting this restaurant and they ca n't wait to clean when there is no customers present food is expensive and not even worth it . expensive food and bad service this place deserve a 1 star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have gone here twice now . once after they first opened & then again tonight . the food was good , no complaints . i ordered a chicken burrito ; my boyfriend ordered the 3 carne asada taco plate . both were great , i think he ate half of my burrito but that 's nothing new ! the chips and salsa are delicious and the margaritas are yummy ! we used to eat at the original popo 's on indian school when i was growing up so my family was excited to see this one open on our side of town . good food , reasonable prices . we will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love it , food was great , the mix and match was perfect enchiladas was big and cheesy love it along with the spinach queso..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the margaritas were probably the best thing we had here . i ordered enchiladas and the totrtillas were hard as if they were never warm and sauce spread over them . i also tried a chile relleno and it had nothing but cheese on it . not authentic mexican at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is great if you are in the mood for some sonoran style mexican food . lots of good sauce and melted cheese ... . the tacos and enchiladas are great . good for groups and kid friendly . very casual atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "out with hubby for a casual night ! ice cold mug of beer , and great tasting tacos ! ! ! if you go i want to know and give me feed back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always get a cheese crisp ... so yummy ! tonight we got fajitas to share and the flour tortillas were delicious ! we were able to get seated right away and our food came out quickly as well . we 'll be returning for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been eating at popo 's for over 30 years and it is the best mexican restaurant in phoenix ! service is excellent and nice atmosphere at the bell location . so reasonably priced and i have never had a bad meal there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love popos ! their margaritas are the best ! and strong ! my husband and i love this place ! it 's our go to for mexican food ! the service is always on point as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i met up with my boyfriend and his family for lunch . we ordered from the regular menu however . i had two items : green corn tamale & beef taco with beans & rice . the chips and salsa were ready as we sat down . the service is excellent and our time at the table was not rushed . the other guests had the fiesta , chk fajitas & another machaca specialty plate . everything is delicious . we topped it all off with fried ice cream . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate at the original shop for years and loved the place , still do actually . ate on the patio here the other nite and loved the atmosphere , the professional wait staff and incredibly fast and efficient service . had the red burro enchilada style and it was spectacular ! highly recommend . hop on over to popo 's asap .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best mexican food in the valley ! i grew up eating at the og location , nothing comes close . get the # 1 or pop 's complete . monday is all you can eat tacos tostadas . their mr. pibb is the best i 've had . the free chips and salsa is great too ! i love sitting out on the patio .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to go to there location on indian school with my grandparents as a kid there bell rd location is all was packed many old people i see why the food is so full of salt it crazy all of it that we tried chimi , fajitas and the tacos and the server just sucked she only came ones to take our order never say her again the guy that brings the chips did all the work he failed the drinks the chips and brought out the food i wish a had cash that day i would of tip him instead wo n't go back", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place . had family in from california and took them here . they loved it , and there is some really good mexican food in cali .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down the best mexican food in the valley . we have been to both locations and love them both equally . we always receive excellent service and great food , without fail .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will never eat here again . this place looked dirty on the inside and had cheap chairs and decor . our waiter spilled a lemonade on our table and just said 'opps . now what would you like to order ? ' and was just going to leave it . we had to use all of our napkins to clean up his mess and then had to ask for additional ones from him without him offering . the food was n't all that great and my mini chimis came out to the table cold . the whole time i was sitting there , i was just thinking 'what would gordon ramsey say about this place ? ' because it was just so ghetto . this place needs a major upgrade . on its decor and its food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "walked in around 10:00pm . waited 15min and still not greeted by a server , to top it off the silverware had old food deposits on it . absolutely unacceptable in my book . did not hang around long enough to try the food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love the food ..spinach dip , fish tacos and amazing peach and bananna margaritas ... .only complaint is service can be poor ... .there is a older gentleman who works lunch that does ok but i suggest sitting in the bar area usually the best of the service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was good . chimi 's were very good . everything tasted fresh and not overly spicy . just right . atmosphere was very pleasant and appropriately mexican . we 'll be coming back . cost was reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i grew up next to the original in maryvale , this bell location just enlarged their patio and now needs a better happy hour ... ... ..nothing goes better with salsa than a great margarita or draft beer ... ... fave is enchiladas with egg ... ... ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst service i have ever experienced large takeout order was 25 minutes late and they did n't even have forks ! ! girl working at the front did n't have a clue , she was n't on top of things at all", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good piping hot food , great flavor . service was good and margaritas were tasty . we 'll be back in again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we use to make the drive to the ghetto ( 67th and indian school ) for their great food and now they have taken over a garcia 's in the burbs . this place is always busy ! the food is your standard tasty mexican and prices moderate . much better than its former the garcia . check it out and see for yourself !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i just ate here and the food was not good at all . just your average american style mexican food restaurant . i would not recommend this place , nor would i come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went for dinner last night..the food was awesome , best meal we 've had at this location since it opened . had the green chili burro tasted amazing and very tender ... wife had tostada , taco dinner , excellent ! frankie was our server and he did a great job . only one complaint , the back ground music was a tad loud..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a dozen times with this being my second check in . this place never disappoints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is alright . i am trying to think of something special about the visit , but i ca n't think of anything . it was average service met with average food at average prices . they did have a happy hour . when i asked what was happy hour they did n't know . the waiter told me to tell him what i wanted and he would check if there is a special . so ... ..average it is .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the appetizer plate could feed an army lol . nice servers made for a nice night out . did n't take too long to seat us despite it looking really busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "come hungry because you get a lot . the food was delicious and the salsa tasted fresh . i think we found our new mexican restaurant home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best mexican food in phoenix ... hands down . we used to live in maryvale so we would frequently visit the westside location , i am now very pleased that we can get west phx mexican without going back to west phx ... as another reviewer said only intelligent people are the one 's who give this place 4 or 5 stars . their food is awesome ( try the polo chimi with jalapeno cream cheese ) and service is always great as well . me and my wife were even given a complimentary desert by the manager one day just because he thought it would be a nice thing to do for a young couple ... god bless po po 's and i hope these low star reviewers find themselves at filaberto 's since they cant appreciate quality mexican food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as many of the previous posts have said it 's pretty run down and dirty . the best item we had was the cheese crisp . the machaca chimi was just ok , my sons `` huge '' burrito was big but somewhat dry . the margarita 's were from a mix . lots of small kids screaming . not the most enjoyable dinner . the service was average or even a bit slow . we wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food and good service . what more can you ask for ? we 've been there for lunch and for dinner and have enjoyed the food both times . the mexican pizza is very tasty . you wo n't be disappointed ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love popos ! ! i have been going here all my life . i love the salsa there . everything that i order is always amazing . i recommend the machaca enchilada with a side of beans .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has been our favorite restaurant for years , but the last few visits the service has been terrible . the hostesses at the front desk are disrespectful and rude , they spend most of their time arguing with one another and the floor manager instead of tending to the customers . no one says hello or thank you , not even a smile . when we checked in she only said `` name '' and handed my husband the buzzer , no wait time was given or anything . they are the face of this business , so i 'd like to suggest some teaming building or house cleaning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love mexican food and have tried almost every mexican food restaurant in phoenix . popo 's hands down is the winner . i have been here at least 20 times since we discovered it about a year ago . never have i had a bad meal or bad experience . the portions are huge and the price is very reasonable . the only down side is that there is always a wait during dinner hours , even on the week days . i defiantly recommend everyone try this place out at least once .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were pleasantly surprised by how good the food was ! every time we have tried to come here there is a serious wait to get in . i would suggest making reservations . we finally decided to stick it out and wait because popo 's is so close to our house and we needed a good mexican restaurant ! i 'm so glad we did ! my husband inhaled the chips and salsa ; our poor waiter had to bring chip refills about 5 times . they were delicious ! i ordered the combo plate with the green chicken enchilada and chicken taco ( with rice and beans ) . so much food for such a great price ! and all so good ! everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal . i ca n't wait to go back and try something new ... or i might have to order the same thing because it was amazing we left with happy bellies and a happy wallet !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "extremely good food ! i was pleasantly surprised by there steak , and service was prompt and courteous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are new customers here but think that the food is great and especially love the chips and salsa ! ! their chicken enchiladas are amazing ! ! they seem a little over priced for what you get but it is good quality food . we will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the sea food enchiladas and the complimentary chips and salsa.. will go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've come here multiple times and loved this place . the last two times i 've come there has been a hair in my food . i thought maybe it was just a one time thing so we came back again , there was a hair in not one but two things i ordered . in our appetizer and my margarita . i am completely turned off from this place i ca n't say i will be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food and service is pretty good and they have great happy hour drink prices 7 days a week in the whole resturant , not just the bar . popo 's has plenty of servers to take care of the customers unlike a few places we go to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for a chain restaurant in arizona this place is really good . its truly an american version of mexican food , but the taste factor is very well executed . kudos to the management staff , your service staff is truly on its game .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible service . i had to ask the waitress 5 times to please turn off the fan right above our table . every time i asked i was told sure , but nothing was done . after about 25 minutes and different people asking they finally did it . the food came out and it was bland . my husband ordered some enchiladas and while the meat was okay , the tortillas were stale . he ended up not eating the meal . the manager was of no help and was condescending when we brought up the issue . never coming back to this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yay went here on father 's day . love the service loved the food . the salsa was perfect hot but not too runny . the hot sauce was good too . had 6 of us eat and only $ 60.00 perfect setting for us for father 's day . we go back often . tried the chicken taco grande will try the chicken enchilada 's next my youngest said they were really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place ! gabriel is an awesome server ! ! no matter how crowded the place is he makes the visit as pleasant as possible ! love the atmosphere and the patio ! ! with gabi the experience will be enjoyable ! ! go gab ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mediocre at best . plate dinners average $ 10 . big turn off . they were understaffed and not that busy , yet it took them a while to take our order . the food is ok , nothing spectacular to cause me to do cartwheels over . i know a better place just up the road from them with better prices , better selections , and fresher ingredients .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i will have to say that the food is excellent , the service is really good and the wait is not that long . i have eaten here five times this year and i if i have a choice of a mexican restuarnt to go to i will choose this one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the wait staff and and manager were the worst i have ever seen . we waited 15 minutes before the waiter came by to take our order . never saw him again . called the manager over and she got a new waiter who was ok . manager never checked on us again . if you go here and get a waiter named jeff g. walk out ! the food was good once it was ordered and arrived .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the ambience sucked the waitstaff could n't even walk straight . the food sucked over priced food over priced drinks ! ! ! salsa was watered down chips were stale . i will never make that mistake again . yuck", "score": "1"}
{"review": "finally tried this place after driving by a million times . i got two enchiladas and my fianc\u00e9 got a carne asada . both were very good . chips & salsa were great as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been going to popos for years and tonight was the first time that i would say that i did not have a good experience . i am very use to the long wait but when we got our food the waiter acted like the food was just prepared and how hot the plates are . yes the plates were hot but the food was cold . i give it 2 stars because the service used to be good but the service that i got tonight deserved -5 stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have to admit my husband and i are almost weekly regulars . we first started going here because of their prices being so much more reasonable then our usual ajo al 's down the street . but , we have been pleasantly surprised with their food . we usually get their `` complete '' meal and eat enough chips and salsa we almost take the whole meal home and then it feeds us both a big lunch for the next day . chips and salsa are some of the best and you ca n't beat their bucket of five domestic beers for $ 10.00 . we almost paid that for two beers at the other place . i am sure we will be regulars for along time to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so excited to see popo 's open on my side of town , having grown up with the original location on indian school . thankfully the food was just as good as the original . they make the best chicken tacos bar none , their rice has perfect flavor , and their staff is excellent and attentive . if you love mexican food , you have to go to popo 's fiesta del sol .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad ! i 've been here a few times for their $ 1 beef taco lunch specials . some days the beef is more flavorful than others , but it 's never bad . great portions and you always get chips and salsa which is nice . i 've walked out of here paying $ 6 for my meal ( 4 tacos ) + tip and left full and happy . this place gets a little busy around lunch time , but they do the best they can to serve you as quickly as possible .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came in on st paddy 's day with family and friends . it 's deserving of it 's 3.5 star review . average food . the wait staff seems polite enough i would n't go out of my way to dine here again but if i was in the vicinity and starving may drop in for a quick bite .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is always great at both popo 's locations . i have been a fan for over 35 years . the restaurant has never been known for great or even mediocre service . our server tonight must have been the reigning arizona hide-n-seek champion . we could not find him to save our life . good luck in the regional qualifier against big foot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we tried popo 's for the first time for dinner last night , and it was delicious ! i ordered takeout , and it was ready for pickup in 15 minutes . the portions are huge , and the food was amazing . my husband pretty much ate himself into a food coma ! we both ordered the # 3 combo - green chicken enchilada , chicken taco , and rice & beans . we also ordered chips and salsa , and the chips were warm and fresh . we will definitely be visiting again soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh popos how i love thee ... let me count the ways . awesome chips and salsa and friendly service . but it 's the seafood enchiladas that make this place my favorite restaurant . they are the best i 've ever had . just spicy enough and not fake crab meat tadting like so many others . my little one enjoys the chicken tacos and hubby always orders something different but especially loves the cheese enchiladas . my in laws celebrate everything here because the food is so great . mexican food is my favorite and i litterally ate her weekly when i was pregnant . my favorite restaurant in the valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not too much for vegetarians so i ordered seafood ( yeah yeah my very occasional seafood consumption technically makes me a pescatarian ) . the enchiladas were good but the beans , rice , salsa and chips were excellent ! my hubby has been going there for 35 years and orders the same damn thing every time - shredded beef burrito . solid fare ; quick , polite service . we 'll be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "me and my family absolutely love this place ! ever since 3 margaritas went down a few years back , we were looking for a good replacement for mexican food . their food is always piping hot , their drinks are good and prices are fair . my suggestion would be to get the spinach con queso or the spicy queso dip . they always come out hot . the flour chips can be a little on the raw side ... the service here is kind of fickle . usually we get good servers , but the last time we went here the guy was n't as attentive and seemed ... lost . the food is worth going back for again and again . definitely recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a place to eat if you are gluten intolerant . there is only one thing on the menu you can have if you are gluten intolerant . i had told them i was and they told me no sauces but they never bothered to tell me that the chips and the enchilidas are made from a corn and flour mix . it was n't till i got sick from the food and asked specifically that i was told . it does not make me very happy when i think i am eating gluten free and i 'm not . the food is good if you are not gluten intolerant . i think they think it is a joke or something .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food ! chips and salsa were great ! will go back soon ! food was good price and came out hot . shredded beef was tasty and chicken tacos were good for great dinner out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate here today for lunch . soooo yummy ! even the reheated left overs were delicious ! totally recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding service by gabriel ! we were promptly greeted and served our drinks at the bar . we ordered tacos and a cheese crisp , which came out quickly . we will definitely be back to popo 's . request gabriel ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is always great and the price is amazing for the amount of food you get . i also love the patio upgrades that they did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been to this place before , did n't feel it was full of frills but always good hot food and good service . went there last night and could not have been more impressed with the new entrance and patio . whoever your contractor was , they did not miss a beat ! give them a bonus ! misters , heaters , fire pits , fire bowls , air conditioning . wow ! i felt like i was in a scottsdale `` esque '' venue and only had to drive to 59th ave. we were absolutely impressed . we felt like we were on vacation in your new space . ca n't wait to come back . you 're officially my new favorite mexican on the west side !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the absolute best thing about popo 's is our bar tender jeff ! he is awesome . we never have an empty glass . and he is so fun and easy to talk to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in the past i 'd say the other location is better . but overall i think both work just fine . the other location seems to have specials more often . but here you do n't have to deal with that back parking lot like on indian school . if you are looking for great salsa , fair specials , a decent margarita , and pretty good food popo 's is always a good choice . the food is a bit heavier than some places but definitely better than xyzabertos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we just love this place ! great atmosphere , awesome happy hour , and the best tacos anywhere . we live in ahwatukee which is about 45 miles away from this place . however every time we are in the north phoenix area , i 'm like let 's go to popos . highly recommend for happy hour in the bar which runs 3pm to 7pm and then reverse from 9pm to close . hungry ? take advantage of the monday `` all you can eat tacos tostadas '' special .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite spots in town if i ca n't get to the southside ! i loooveee popo 's . extremely fresh , hot and flavorful ! get the el pollo especial ! to die for ! dont forget the strawberry margarita ! frozen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was pretty good service . i thought the food was good the red sauce was good but not excellent . the three tacos and rice were stellar . i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well i went in with low expectations for a mexican chain restaurant and actually had to further lower my expectations . their chips and salsa are good . their enchiladas taste like the sauce was dumped from a can , tacos were greasy and the lettuce on it was brown . why do crummy restaurants bring their food out on such hot plates ? ... because the nasty stuff just sits under a heat lamp drying out . their rice and beans were far from authentic . so bottom line is gross and way over priced . waitress was attentive until she pushed our check super fast in our face and then disappeared . they , i guess , are like every other gross mexican chain restaurant in az .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we 're addicted to this place . we eat here at least once a week . great service . great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went today for lunch and even though they were packed we got delicious food ! we had to wait a while for a server but when he did come he was very patient with our table despite the business of the lunch rush ! will be back for sure and when i get the kids name who helped us i 'll update the post ! loved all the chips and salsa !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is old and dated . the entire inside needs to be professionally cleaned from the lamps down to the tables and floors and seats . the food was okay .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "popo 's is my favorite restaurant ! we 've been coming here for years . i especially love getting a chimichanga with guacamole and jalepeno cream cheese . it 's the best mexican food in arizona !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . my wife and i frequent it weekly . great service , ice cold beer , tasty food . my one complaint is the salsa . now its always good and free ... who complains about free , right . its never consistent . for a few weeks its perfect a little spice and salty . then all of a sudden its deathly hot with no flavor , then no spice at all and bland . we will always come but please fix the salsa issue .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here was not anything to write home to mom about . the wait for a table was extremely long . my daughter ordered the nachos that were horrible . i ordered a grilled chicken burrito that was filled with raw veggies . the veggie pieces were huge . the onions were so large i just could not eat them . there queso tasted like it came out of a jar or can . my husband had the chimichanga he stated he liked it and ate every drop of it . the beans and rice were good . i will give it one more try and maybe order something different .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just finished my first time at po pos . i was told to try their chimichanga with cream cheese and it was the worst one i 've ever had . i 've had cream cheese chimis at a lot of places and not once have there been any tomatoes or any veggies in them for that matter . upon telling the waiter what i came for and that it was my first time i got a carne asada chimi and it was 80 % tomatoes with there being no warning in the menu . the waiter and manager claimed that anything with carne asada comes with pico ( by pico they mean only tomatoes ) but even with being told it was my first time i was expected to know their menu . they refused to replace or even fix my order and the way the manager handled the situation was unprofessional and they will never have my business again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really , really love this popo 's . i have never had a bad experience here , and everyone i have brought here has loved it . they have the best salsa i have ever had . loved it so much we bought a quart of it ! their lemonade is also very good . the food is definitely above average . i would recommend this place to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the food here . long waits though . i hear you can do reservations in advance . i will need to look into that . house margarita are amazing and even better on happy hour prices . they do have open bar seating that is first come first serve . if you do n't have a big party , that might be the answer to avoiding a long wait . staff is great no matter which area you sit in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "places needs more servers or a better way to take care of their busy times . i sat in the bar to avoid the 30 min wait for a table . mistake ! one server was handling the full bar and patio . we all suffered . when the manager was approached by another customer , she seemed unaware of what was going on . she did approach tables to ask about the wait and acted accordingly , so that was good . i think the food is decent . be honest , after awhile all basic mexican food pretty much tastes the same . beans are beans . rice is rice . seriously ? if someone took the pictures from various mexican restaurants at this level ( gracias , macayos etc ) and asked you to match the dish to the restaurant , we 'd all probably fail .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been coming here for years . tonight was the worse it has ever been . the original one on indian school is so much better . waited 30 minutes for an appetizer and almost an hour for food . why is this one so different from the original ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we were asked to leave for being too loud . our waiter gaybriel had attitude from the start . we were on the patio by ourselves watching football and when i asked the manager suzette her reasoning she explained that an elderly couple said we were loud when we walked in . huh ? well the cardinals had just spanked the 49ers so we were pumped . wow what a bunch of crap for a place we have been going to for over 20 years and a total lack of respect . there were seven of us all long time customers and could n't believe it . we even know the owner and asked him to review the video but he stated that `` maybe we should just part ways '' . popo 's service has been going downhill anyway for some time but we just felt dedicated to the place and had a lot of good times there . we will take our business to mixteca for a much better experience . sorry mario but your business practices just are n't up to snuff anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to popo'ssevera times and alsways sit in the bar area , which is perfect for happy hour and a frosty beverage . the food is pretty good and the staff is always friendly . not sure if i would go here for anything other then happy hour or a casual drink or bite to eat . fun place to watch a game and hang out with friends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this restaurant has a really great atmosphere . the chips and salsa were very good . our waiter was so friendly and was always smiling . the chili con queso appetizer was delicious . would definitely recommend it ! we were n't crazy about our entrees . i had a taco and a flauta . they were good , but nothing to write home about . my husband had the enchiladas and only ate a couple bites of them before calling it quits . he said he was n't a fan of the red sauce . our waiter was nice enough to take his meal off our bill , which we really appreciated ! overall , great service , great atmosphere , and mediocre food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure why this place only has 3 stars because its one of my fav 's for mexican . the chicken tortilla soup is amazingly scrumptious ! huge chuncks of white meat chicken as well as other veggies ! on the lunch menu i always order the buckin burro with chicken enchilada style . oh my yumminess ! you get beans and rice as well . the chips and salsa are good too ... if u like spicy you can ask for the hotter stuff . service can vary depending on your server but most are pretty good . had chicken fajitas too . came out on sizzling plate as usual . pretty good but not the best i 've ever had .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . i brought my grandfathers truck here and they charged me $ 60 bucks for a full synthetic oil change which is very affordable . it 's conveniently located , the front desk is very polite and the prices they give are unbeatable . no shady mechanics or anything like that here ! you can definitely trust this staff with your car . highly recommended if you 're in the neighborhood and its even worth a drive to them if you 're not . thanks to everyone @ mvr auto repair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ed and irene were great ! took my car that had a loose gas pedal at the last minute . thankfully they were conveniently close to home . the main thing i look for is customer servive and price and they surprised me on both .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after sharing one car for a month and a half , i finally asked a family member to help get my car fixed , the alternator had gone out the first week of june . i called the dealer and the quoted me $ 600+ to change the alternator , i called mvr and was quoted $ 360 . once i brought my car in to mvr i was asked if i wanted to use my own alternator , he gave me the price just for labor and it wound up saving me close to $ 100 and that was even with an oil change on top of it . i would say that is great service , it is hard to find a place that is honest these days , and i will definitely go back when i need repairs on my cars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i read about this shop on yelp and decided to give it a try . i was not disappointed . this place has the friendliest help and they are by far priced fairly for their services . elena ( i hope thats how you spell her name was very helpful ) and i will be sure to give all business in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't actually have any work done here , but they did spend 39 minutes doing diagnostics on my vw beetle . they were willing to admit that they were n't actually sure what the heck was going on . i respect that ! as a woman , i tent to get the run around or totally screwed when dealing with mechanics , so this was very refreshing . i 'll be back here if i need anything in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service and an honest way of doing business ! definitely not the typical auto service shop . not only will i recommend mvr auto repair , but i will now also refer my family and friends to come here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "satisfied with service ! honest and affordable . it 's hard to find a shop like this one", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always go here , it is laterally in my neighborhood . but the people that own it are very kind , loving , honest folk . so i mean , thats a plus", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought my car in unannounced to have the rear brakes changed . they had no problem fitting me in right away and charged half of what ted weins was going to charge . after they started they informed me that auto zone gave me the wrong brake pads and they delivered the right ones to get the job done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop is family oriented . they give such great service ! ! ! owner does not want to overcharge you for more than what is needed ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you , mvr , and especially eddie , for reviving my poor car ! i found this business here on yelp and took my cts to get diagnosed because it felt like it was going to explode , literally . eddie was super helpful right from the get-go . he is very detail oriented and he , as well as the mvr team , took their time figuring out what the issue was . when they discovered a major problem with the timing chain and system , he was very honest and suggested that i call cadillac to see if it was covered under a recall warranty . due to my luck with these things , it would have been covered , only the extended recall expired march of this year . face palm eddie made sure to call me with any updates and made me feel super comfortable throughout the entire process . i picked up my car today and it runs like a dream ! i will definitely be a return customer for mvr . thanks again , everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to a couple places around my area for a tune up but i also didnt want to break my pockets . i came accross this place and thought i 'd give this place a try . as soon as i came in the gentleman eddie helped me out and educated me on some car knowledge , so i do n't overspend on stuff i would n't need service for . i can honestly say he was really humble and honest . dealerships wouldve charged me close to a grand for the same tune up . i 'm glad i came here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our third time we came here for oil change . family owned by rony and irene a bulgarian decent from vancouver canada . also with eddie their front office . the great thing about family owned business is that they are very accomodating and in tune to your needs , easy to talk to . great service they know car business . like always be nice and have a great attitude ask nicely do n't demand .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "make sure you asked for eddie , he takes really good care if both or our cars . his prices are very very reasonable specially that our cars are not cheap to maintained . ( european cars ) i can always depend on them for all my car needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop is amazing ! ! my kids & i broke down right in their parking lot today . our battery died in this 100+ degree heat ! they came out of the shop & rescued us ! changed our battery & we were on our way . amazing customer service . i will absolutely return . al and his team are incredible . i am so thankful to him ! ! ! i 'd give 10 stars if i could ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad i found this place only right down the street from me . their prices are a whole lot more reasonable than the competition in the area and they hook it up ! if you 're looking for a friendly local auto shop this is it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed rotors and pads , awesome job and fair price . i 'll be back for next oil change as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new owners are really nice ( march 2016 ) quick help with a piece of metal in the tire . will be back soon since i live so close for sure ! located : next to dotty 's windmill & jones . i wanted to personally thank eddie & matt for the super fast help & honestly about my tire issue . thanks again ! i 'll be letting everyone know in my `` neighborhood '' app .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honest estimates and skilled mechanics here . they got my old ac diagnosed , retrofitted , and serviced in no time . i 'd like to thank eddie for truly exceptional customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "here now with our truck and so far the price and customer service is good . came here based on the other yelp reviews so i 'm hoping once we get our truck back , we would have found an auto place that we can trust and bring our cars and refer our friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are honest an thorough i would recommend there service to anyone . they also are competitively priced and on time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great efficient service , had car engine problems and they fixed my infiniti g35x back to a solid performing car . thank you mvr -eddie", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eddie and matt did a amazing job on my car . 1st time here and the customer service is great . there mechanics know what there doing and always helpful on suggestion with maintenance . definitely gon na come back to get my maintenance done with them again ! ! see you guys soon and congratulations on your 1 year ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big shop and they will try and solve the issues . i do think they need more technicians so they can take their time and research solutions for big projects . one or two people to work on 4 cars is a receipt for a disaster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we brought vw beetle here with engine starting problem at saturday before memorial day two hours before closing . eddie diagnosed fuel pump problem and fixed it as soon as part arrived . he also found another critical issues with this car and gave us reasonable price for fixing them", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you so much for service great communication and very friendly service very honest and good quality parts i need oil change , also my car making sounds and they ck for me to resolve the problem", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if something is wrong with your car i highly recommend going to them . they do n't try to rip you off . they are very honest & courteous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spoke to al i think he was the manager ... great customer service , ... . came in for a oil change had it done on the same day ... will definitely come again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service and prices . we had a difficult noise to diagnose ( tried two other mechanics ) . eddy took the time to isolate the noise and find the issue . great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay , i know there are a number of great auto shop you ca n't go wrong with in the town . but this place is a real deal . at least for me . ed who is the owner and his crews are really friendly and they accommodate customers need and work in honest . of course they are skilled too . i 've met a lot of mechanics but i 'm pretty sure of them would your best bet if you are in need of hiring a skilled and reliable mechanic for your vehicle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are supposed to open at 8 am . i showed up this morning and waited until 8:15 for someone to show up . i was trying to my car in before work , but since i had no idea when anyone was going to show up i had to leave and did n't have enough time to go elsewhere . i double checked and the doors say 8 am . so i do n't understand why they were closed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "by far the best mechanic shop in town ! i 've followed fred and liberty automotive through all his locations in phoenix . when you find an honest mechanic , you stick with them ! fred and his team make sure my car is running in tip top condition and do n't try to up sell me for other services ! even when they are busy they always make sure to keep me posted on how long it will be and if i 'm not able to wait , i can either leave the car there or schedule time with him another day . i 've never been disappointed in the service i 've received ! i would recommend fred and liberty automotive to everyone like i already have . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have taken all of our cars here ( and to the old location ) for years ! they are always honest and up front with you about your car , oil changes are fast and inexpensive- i stopped changing my own oil because they are so good . in 2014 my sister 's ac went out in her subaru , liberty replaced the compressor for $ 500 less than the first quote she got and it has worked great for over a year . i always recommend liberty to everyone who needs a mechanic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is a lot of honest shops and this is one of them ! fred was amazing . prices are great . ca n't complain a+", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spice catered our outdoor wedding in ohio and did a terrific job . they were a pleasure to deal with , came up with creative and delicious menu items to match our rather unique ideas , and executed well throughout . while they are not inexpensive , we ultimately thought it was money well spent given the quality of the interaction , presentation , and food . one of the best vendors we worked with across the dozen or so in the wedding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jess from spice was a dream come true before , at , and after our wedding . planning an out of town wedding was challenging at every step , but she made the experience incredible ! i 'm late to writing this review , ( our wedding was 11 14 ) but it 's better late because i can truly say that our guests are still talking about how much they loved our menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our wedding would not have been the same without jess , liz , and the entire spice team . we were sold from just eating the food at the restaurant , but everyone was wonderful throughout the entire process - tasting , planning , working out the final details , and the reception itself . we received numerous compliments on how delicious everything was , and how wonderful everything looked , especially the meat + cheese display . thank you for going above and beyond anything we would have expected !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what sold us on spice of life for our wedding was their local , sustainable focus and presentation . they were great to work with throughout our planning process , the food was fantastic , and presentation was like nothing you 've ever seen before ( they give new meaning to `` buffet '' ) . we also appreciated how with the couple of snafus we encountered jess and ben jumped to take care of us completely . they were a pleasure and while we do n't plan on having another wedding , we 'll definitely be visiting the restaurant ! : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spice catered a floral workshop my company hosted at an event space in cleveland . jess was amazing to work with , and extremely flexible and helpful in planning a corporate menu within our budget to ensure we 'd still be able to serve fresh & local food at our workshop . we ordered two sandwich platters with three types ( all delicious ) , two salads ( the arugula is to die for ! ) and a selection of gourmet cookies which flew off the platter in minutes . the ordering , payment and delivery was efficient and seamless , will definitely use them again next time we have an event out in cleveland !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place for a healthy and fast options that are fully customizable ! i think the best and most efficient location is in scottsdale but shout out to awesome employee miguel who made me like his location so much more ! i eat at mad greens way too often , they really are healthy and convenient `` fast food '' !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so ready to be annoyed about my $ 10 ty cobb salad with ( what looked like ) a stingy amount of salad dressing . however , the flavors were great and there was a generous amount of ingredients ( besides boring lettuce ) . apparently those plastic salad containers are deeper than they appear lol . i had bacon and chicken until the very last bite and really felt full for a good 5 hours ( a rare feat ) . as for the dressing , i got bleu cheese . the container looked really tiny . when i got home and poured it on my salad , i saw it was a thinner consistency and covered up the entire salad . overall , i wish it was a couple of dollars cheaper but it was definitely a more satisfying salad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice to have a fresh , healthy work week lunch option ! i love the doc holiday salad ! only suggestion i have is that the menu should be placed in a couple of locations so people have an idea of what they want before they get to the counter to order . i 've been stuck in line behind people who are n't familiar with the menu and it cuts into my lunch hour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have always loved mad greens and was so excited when i found out one is now closer to me ! went to this location for the first time tonight at 8:20 and miguel and jamie gave us excellent customer service and made great salads . as i was sitting there eating an uber eats driver picked up an order and commented `` i 'll be back later maybe '' the employee laughed and said `` well maybe not tonight we close in a couple minutes '' . i felt like such a jerk , i had no clue this location closed at 8:30 and was so apologetic . needless to say it 's so fresh to go into a business that still gives you great service even when you show up minutes to close !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while out running errands and filling two lunch orders , i decided to stop at this mad greens instead of the 7th avenue and mcdowell location , which i we frequent at least 1-2 times a week . while the parking can be an obstacle at the 7th avenue location , the service at this central avenue location was subpar to say the least . i would be willing to bet that the female who took my two separate orders was not that of management nor ownership , because i did not leave this location feeling as good as or better than when i walked in . i felt extremely unwelcome and will not be back . my rating of 2 stars rather than one is applied toward the order being filled correctly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just tried the new mad greens on central . salad was really good . nice addition to our community .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mad greens exceeded my expectations in taste and price . it 's just as good as other restaurants in the area and half the price . i did n't give it 5 stars as i think they should have more than just 4 choices of items to create your own salad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "woo-hoo ! we got a buy one get one coupin in the mail so we went on down to get a salad . love the location on north central and also the option to call ahead for an order to go . nice . we ate there and had some really good and big salads . they were n't smothered in dressing which is nice . the maine sodas are awesome too ! we had a really nice light sinner out on the patio . very clean and a very friendly staff . ample parking and in a great location . always nice to have a nice salad to go optjon up in these parts so it is greatly appreciated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to 2 different locations other than this one before and each time was meh , so my expectations were low considering they just opened up . i was delighted that the staff had their ducks in a row when i was there thursday afternoon . someone immediately came out from the back to help me so i did n't have to wait . he asked if i wanted the avocado spicy which i did n't know was an option ( try it ! ) . he also showed me the salad before he boxed it up to make sure it was the way i wanted it . sometimes the avocado gets clumped together so i appreciated this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for the first time a couple of days ago , my boyfriend loves coming here after working out . i ordered a salad- i do n't even know what it was called , it was not good and forgettable . my sister had carrot juice which she loved . i 'll be back but not soon , and will make sure not to order that salad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place ! great staff , super clean , awesome food . i 'm addicted to their freshly-squeezed juices . sooo glad to have them in the neighborhood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after an unfortunate parking lot incident and the usual insurance run around , i found gerber collision & glass . i saw that a different location had more reviews , but this one was more convenient . i had a really wonderful experience . the manager kim gave me a quote about $ 70 under the estimate the insurance recommended shop provided . they were also running a special of $ 100 off body work over $ 500 . she also allowed me to combine offers to get a free rental car while the work was done . i left my beloved toyota in their hands and was immediately whisked away to enterprise . they were friendly , too , but that 's a different review . bottom line is fast , friendly , and affordable service . i would highly recommend to anyone looking for a little body work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very happy with this place . they fixed my truck when it was rear ended , and things were done quickly . i realized after i got home that they had even cleaned up one of my headlights which had been yellow and hazy , even though it had absolutely nothing to do with the accident that they repaired for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic ! i got rear-ended on a sunday , took my car in to gerber on tuesday and got it back friday morning . car was spick and span . kim was a great and informative contact !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my nissan murano to gerbers after a freeway accident had damaged the side of my vehicle . they did an amazing job- my vehicle looked better than brand new . in addition , the office called daily to keep me updated on the progress . excellent customer service & i highly recommend this place . great workmanship .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want your car looking brand new , take it to gentry ! this was the best experience i have ever had with auto body repair . gentry walked me through everything they would need to do to fix my car door and gave me the best and worst scenarios . luckily they were able to fix it under the best scenario , but he was extremely courteous , respectful , and really knew what he was talking about . great job ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lloyd and his employee showed up right up on time and began immediately . the move took five hours which is a miracle considering how much stuff i needed to move . he and his employee were hardworking and all around pleasant people . they took great care to make sure that nothing was damaged . there was not a single scratch left in the apartment i moved from or into the new house that i moved into . their price was much lower than competitors but the quality of their work was probably better than anyone else could offer . i could n't have asked for a better moving experience and i would definitely recommend amen movers to anyone living in the charlotte area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i moved from a rental into our new house with only a weeks notice . i called lloyd and asked him if it would be a problem and he put me on the schedule immediately . it was a two man job and he sent zack and will from his crew who were phenomenal ! extremely friendly and personable , it made a stressful time real easy . lloyds fees are extremely reasonable as well . i am so happy i called amen and i highly suggest you do to if you are in need of a move in the huntersville area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lloyd and his team did an excellent job moving us from charlotte to raleigh . they were so fast and professional . lloyd came over before moving day to give us a quote . i feel like he can be kind of frazzled but at the end of the day , he gets the job done . our move was smooth and stress free because of amen movers . i 've recommended them to two friends ( one who already moved and had an equally awesome experience , and one who is getting ready to move ) and would continue to recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've moved no less than 7 times in the last 5 years ( all across the country ) and these guys were hands down the best experience . prompt , professional , friendly , and extremely affordable . the owner lloyd was extremely communicative about timing ( called me to tell me the guys would be 15 min late - no biggie ! ) , but it was a refreshing change of pace given the experiences i 've had in the past with several moving companies . i will definitely use amen again , and i would recommend them to everyone that needs help moving ! i 've already spread the word around my office : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amen movers did such an awesome job moving all my stuff last week ! 4 guys showed up ready to work and 8 hours later , everything was in my new house . they did an excellent job wrapping all my furniture in blankets and then wrapping in plastic . there was not a single scratch on anything . the guys worked hard and quickly . they were pleasant and easy to work with . i would definitely recommend them . the price was great , but most importantly , it was about as stress free as a move can be !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lloyd and his crew did a great job ! ! him and his guys came in the morning and started working right away . they started around 8:30am and did n't get done until 6pm . they did n't even stop for lunch . they plowed all the way through . my wife and i decided to get the guys a snack so they could stay focused . not only was his price reasonable his customer service was excellent ! ! we would definitely use amen movers again and would highly recommend them . this review is late . thank you again amen movers ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a wonderful company and crew ! after the team at all my sons canceled on us on our moving day , lloyd and his amazing team at amen movers came to the rescue . although they had other jobs that morning the crew all volunteered to work another shift to help us out . the whole team was fast , professional , and a pleasure to work with ( not to mention very well priced ! ) . they did n't dally which is important and very appreciated when paying by the hour ! they took excellent care of our belongings , and i can not express just how pleased we were with the crew that came out for us . i highly recommend that you call to schedule your move with amen movers as they actually show up to your move and provide an excellent service . you will not regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys showed up right on time and were pretty efficient packing and loading . personable as well with a few tips like moving my daughters clothes that 's a time savers for us . it took them 10 minutes to move clothes that would have taken us 3 hours . we will ask for andrew 's crew on her next move in the charlotte area", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we used these guys back in april when we moved into our first home . with all the expenses of buying a house , the last thing we wanted to do was spend a ton of money on movers . these guys were honest , efficient , quick and affordable . i would recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so this review comes a little late , these guys moved me on the 22nd of may and all i can say is great job . these are truly hard working guys who get the job done and do it right . they go the extra mile to make sure things are where you want them . we had an out of state move so they loaded one day and drove the next . it was a 2 truck move and all i can say is they are the best price in town . you can not go wrong if you get these guys to do your move . excellent job , professional , courteous , thorough . ca n't say enough about them . thank you all for your extraordinary work and all you did to get us moved . could not have done it without you ! if anyone needs to move , these are the guys you want in the job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amen movers ( zach & alex ) moved me across cornelius yesterday . their price was excellent and they took excellent care of my furniture ! i had 2 rooms of brand new furniture involved in the move from 2nd story condo to 2nd story condo . they were pleasant to work with and were very efficient . i highly recommend using them for your next move as they treat your furniture like it is their own !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys did great work . i rented my own moving truck for a long distance move and just needed help loading up the truck . they meticulously wrapped everything in my moving blankets & wrapped with cellophane . i had a bunch of fragile pictures and mirrors and everything arrived without a scratch . the movers who helped unload me even commented that it was a great packing job . and it was very reasonably priced . two hours of work for $ 130- about half the price of any other estimates i got in the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lloyd is obviously a very hard working and honest guy . fabulous job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used these movers to move my belongings from a 2 bedroom apartment into a rented budget truck . i had to call them the morning of the move , after a misunderstanding caused my previously scheduled mover to bail on me . they were able to fit in a time for me , and everything went perfectly ! they worked quickly and safely , and i would definitely recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was soooooo gooooood . i got the pulled pork , and it 's really easy to get pulled pork wrong , but this place got it perfectly right with a twist along the way . the pork was served with a side of tortilla chips , beans , rice , and a tasty sauce made of mint - this sauce was what set this place apart for me . i also ate some of my friends chips with a chili mayo sauce they brought out . i was eating it so barbarically because it was the best kind of combination . this place just opened so i 'm really excited to see what it turns into , but as a start , really impressed ! imagine eating good food with great music playing in the background , you ca n't go wrong !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "breakfast club menu is absolutely wicked - good on paper and even better on plate in mouth . some pretty standard menu items but with a twist . i had the veggie burger which was incredible and my compadre had the pulled pork which i was informed was also top notch . presentation was great too . drinks menu was extensive , catering to most tastes i would think . by the looks of it specialising more in spirits of all kinds , including the more obscure and unexpected . prices pretty standard for the city centre ( so not cheap , but not really on the high end either ) . as mentioned in the previous review the place has just opened but definitely has great potential . looking forward to seeing some more art on the walls , but even without it looks good . all round , super impressed and looking forward to going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` ride like the wind , bullseye ! `` - woody watching toy story 2 too many times definitely brought out the cowgirl side of me , yee-haw ! after arriving in arizona , i wasted no time in booking my horseback riding adventure . ponderosa stables was something right out of an old western clint eastwood movie with it 's resemblance of an old ghost town from the late 19th century era . impressive . ready to ride with my laced up boots and sombrero , the only thing left was to saddle on up . squirrel was his name but i referred to him as mr. ed . giddy up horsey ! we rode off into the sunset to the southern mountains , feeling a worlds away with nothing but spectacular views of the sonoran deserts scenery in front of us . so calm and peaceful with the only sound coming from the bonanza theme song playing in my head . the two hours came and went , it was more than just a ride , it was an unforgettable experience , amazing from beginning to end . until we meet again , mr. ed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "baby and i went for a ride . south mountain park holds so many treasures . my horse baby , a fine domesticated beast , maybe a 1200 pound gelding who 's virtue , complicated nature and physiology served me well . rode hideout loop , an hour long dusty trail that goes up and down . there are beautiful geological formations in this area including 1000 year old petroglyphs , lightening strikes , fauna most notable a mother dove nesting at eye level in a palo verde , just a couple feet away as i rode near her . she watched staying completely at ease . when i got back there were children and adults all around . as i was walking to each of the horses to say hi and pet them , there were children anxious to touch the horses so i spoke to the kids and encouraged them to pet the animals as i was . the children loved it . it was a nice morning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if by guided trail ride they mean `` your guide will be on his phone the whole time '' trail ride- this is for sure everything they promised ! our guide bob said less than 10 words to us the whole 2 hour ride ( of only the two of us ) but had several lovely conversations with his phone . the horses are not well kept and one looked quite sickly . several had mange spots and saddle sores and none looked well groomed . we got very little instruction ( luckily we knew what to do ) and the whole crew at the ranch seemed unhappy to be at their jobs . on the bright side , horses are animals and therefor incapable of being assholes- so they were sweeties , who i feel so bad for . definitely not worth 55 bucks per person .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while visiting phoenix , my girls wanted to go horseback riding . my wife looked up a few places that were nearby and we happened by the ponderosa stables . this place has typically 4+ stars for a reason . they 're friendly , fun and priced reasonably . the horses are well groomed and appear to be well taken care of . the staff we encountered were all very hospitable and professional . dan , the head wrangler , was easy going and kept my girls entertained while waiting for our ride to start . pickles , our guide was great and offered our girls some treats to feed the horses after the ride . all in all a great experience . keep on yelp'n !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent place for horseback riding ! my wife and i did horseback riding together for the first time . we did the hour long one and our guide was friendly and cool . i must say the staff especially the front office cowboy and the cowboy roaming around the restroom are hilarious ! we enjoyed that whole experience . breath-taking views along the way . prices are good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful ! came here this friday ( 03 31 12 ) and took a 1 hour ride with my little sister . everyone working was very friendly and helpful , and our ride guide actually gave our group a mini lesson - both about horseback riding and about the desert - as we went along . he was very energetic and friendly ( asking us all to say where we 're from and the most exciting thing we 've ever done ) , encouraging us to bond and keep the trip fun . the horses were also well-trained and completely safe ( i went on the ride with my 9-year-old sister , and she loved it ! ) my horse dakota was definitely experienced and kept a good steady pace . overall , very nice staff , well-trained horses , and beautiful scenery - simply perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you care about animals at all , do not use this horrible company to go horseback riding . they do not care for their horses at all ; they are never brushed , still sporting their winter coats from last winter . they are over worked , have saddle wounds , and have horrible mange . the owner , rex , has a lot of horses on his ranch back in idaho so he does n't care how many horses he loses , he 'll just bring another one over and overwork that one too . once they are sick , or ca n't be ridden anymore , he ships them back to his ranch to have them be put down immediately . this place really needs to be shut down and rex needs to be banned from owning horses for life . if you go to them , you are supporting animal abuse .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "me and my wife did the dinner ride ... it was a lot of fun . our wranglers were the nicest ... jerry and kensey ( sp ? ) ... the steakhouse was good and our horses were friendly , bucky and fabio would totally recommend and would do it again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "were originally from phoenix , but only recently visited ponderosa stables for the first time . my boyfriend and step daughter and i went on a 1 hour trail ride , and at $ 39.00 per person , i 'd say it was worth the smiles it brought her . the horses are reeeeealy slow , so it 's a little tougher to enjoy as an adult , but my 12 yr old loved it . the trail guide was great and the trail itself was enjoyable . i hear they have great dinner rides , which we may go check out sometime were in town visiting again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to do the evening ride with dinner . we got there and was greeted immediately ! the gentleman was super nice and joked around with my fianc\u00e9 . horses were already saddled and ready to go , they were are all nice fat healthy horses too ! the guide we had was phenomenal ! i ca n't remember his name but he was a young cow boy ! i 'd definitely recommend him as your guide . the dinner was good too , i think it would have been better if they were n't short staffed . riding back was absolutely beautiful , the moon was full and all the stars were out ! it was a very relaxed ride and i will definitely go again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was fun . originally we wanted to do the t-bone steak ride but the cowboy on hand took one look at these city slickers and gracefully convinced us to do the shorter trail rides instead . i am so glad he did . prices were great , staff was great . overall a fun time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a blast ! i have never ridden a horse before and we took a 2 hour ride . our guide was super helpful , fun , and very nice . would highly suggest !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great time . i 'm pretty sure i was the only person there going solo but that 's okay . a lot of families were there with little kids and they all were having a great time as well . the staff made me feel super comfortable from the time i checked in . their prices are reasonable and better than the other places i looked into before booking with them online . i am a beginner and had no problem . i did the sunset ride , it was beautiful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easy to get a ride in ! i 'm not comfortable with horses , but wanted to see the views . all of the horses on our ride were well behaved and made me feel at-ease . so glad i was able to squeeze this into my conference weekend . be prepared if you do n't usually ride ... .you 'll be a little sore .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend a ride wirh these folks ! ! ! the plan was to enjoy the sunset during their t-bone ride but the temp was too high for the horses so could n't go out . an early morning ride was suggested and i thought sunrise on horseback ... .sign me up ! took a 2 hour ride at 6 am and it was beautiful . my horse moomoo was a sweet patient girl . learned her favorite snack are snap peas ... who knew horses like those ! ! my team , noelle and kinsey , we 're the best guides . great stories and lots of laughs . prices are veey reasonable , friendly staff and very knowledgeable . if you 're just passing through the or live in the area , saddle up and go for it . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great time with the family ! nice guides and a very authentic feeling place . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my team here for a group outing on the last night of our conference in phoenix . i coordinated with the ponderosa stables team several months in advance and they were completely prepared for our arrival . we decided to take the ride through south mountain park to the t-bone steakhouse and back . the ride back was the coolest thing ever - it was pitch black and the desert really came to life . the wranglers that road with our group were fantastic ! highly recommend this experience to any resident of phoenix or visitors to the valley of the sun ! this is one of those once in a lifetime experiences !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i booked our reservations online . received a confirmation email within minutes . the staff was friendly , kind and patient . the horses were well maintained and gentle . they obeyed commands very well . we did the hour ride in the morning . it 's a good time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went early morning on a sunday , no crowds , just the two of us . a friendly greeting upon our arrival . friendly and efficient staff . we were on our horses within minutes . we did a one hour ride , which was plenty , as we are beginners . beautiful surroundings , mellow trail , nice weather , our guide was excellent . she let us enjoy our time and supplied tidbits of info . a stop for pictures on occasion , and at the end with our horses . this place lives up to its rating . would not hesitate to recommend . we had fun at the ponderosa !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can say is wow ! this event is great for the family and even better for the team building effort . my manager set up all 10 of us for an evening ride down up to a steakhouse . we dined well on adult beverage and huge slabs of meat . the night ride back could n't be described in words . the lights over the city and heavenly view is something that will always be remembered . i think our rate was like $ 50 a person . what a steal and wonderful value ... ... . the crew were extremely friendly and i 'm now taking my family back tomorrow .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i came here for my birthday and had a blast . the wranglers bones and carly were very conscientious and sweet , and made sure that us city slickers were safe and comfortable . plenty of great stories and a really lovely riding experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for the breakfast ride . when we showed up , the manager was super sarcastic with us -- making it seem like we had missed the ride . not how you want to be treated ! were told when we booked that the breakfast would be before the ride , which turned out to not be the case . ride was horses , nose to tail in line ... following along ... less than stellar , and super dusty . breakfast was bacon , eggs , pancake . all in all , was n't a ride to write home about . had we been treated better , would likely have left with a more positive impression .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "unique experience but do n't get suckered into the ride at night and then t bone dinner at a cabin in the desert . the cabin is a restaurant behind a neighborhood that is ok but not worth the $ 50 you will spend for two people .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very fun morning riding ! our wrangler was very nice , the horses friendly and well taken care of . it was a fun morning to get away from phoenix and enjoy being outside !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most affordable horseback ride in arizona . had a blast . loved my horse pepe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my 3 grandkids and my sister . was a great experience for them . guide was friendly and great fun . loved this , will definitely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed this experience . first , the prices for rides are great . we did the 1hr . $ 33 ride . second , the staff were understanding and accommodating . the manager , dan , made sure we had all the info we needed to feel comfortable ( we are beginners ) , and our guide made sure to customize the trail for our needs . what surprised me is that my friend and i were the only riders with our guide-we got lucky and had a private ride ! ! if you 're riding in the summer , i recommend 7am or night rides . it 's too hot for anything in between . fyi , we rode on nebraska and moe !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really nice and healthy horses . tack is in decent shape . trails are relatively scenic . we only went for an hour ride . next time we will go longer . great that this is still something available to do .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome start to our honeymoon ! we had an incredible trail ride to the yummy t-bone steakhouse . great wranglers , beautiful views , exciting wildlife and an overall wonderful time ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my mum signed up for the evening ride to the steakhouse in mid august . it was amazing ! our guide , june ( june-bug ) , was the best and the horses were so beautiful . in fact , the entire staff was so friendly and funny , it just made the experience that much better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were not the best . their saddles have no pockets so she told me to just put my phone in my cleavage . it is $ 10 cheaper than another stable i went to but i would rather pay $ 10 more to have saddle pockets . i did n't really like the wrangler . she was trying too hard to be funny .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "t-bone steak ride was wonderful ! horses are beautiful and well cared for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots of fun for the family . the only downside is the horses eat lots of burritos and rip major poo wind . also to get your horse to go faster download the indiana jones pocket whip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we did the t-bone steakhouse ride . it was about 1.5 hours out to the restaurant and then just over 1 hour on the way back . this is a great thing to do with folks from out of town to have them experience the desert , see the view of the city of phoenix , have sunset views among the cactus and really feel like they have experienced the southwest . we were fortunate that our ride coincided with a full moon so it made for a beautiful ride back in the moonlight .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a five star experience for me . i took the dinner ride to the steakhouse and had dinner . kind of a group experience but worth the ride . views of the desert are pleasant and the horses are well maintained . a perfect first time experience . however all levels of experience can join . they should consider taking photos as an option . customers seem to have gotten the idea . thought the bottle of water is a thoughtful compliment . thanks ponderosa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on our spring break , came here to go horseback riding with my family as part of the adventure . made reservations early on . when we got there , it was empty . it felt completely deserted like an abandoned western village . finally , some lady came out but was kinda rude . got there a bit early and was told to wait because they were having lunch . waited a good 20mins when finally , someone came out to get payment . no greeting , just payment . our guide was nice though . kenzie i think was her name . we booked the 1hr ride ( not much of a scenery ) . it went very slowly ( horses were face-to-butt ) but overall , we had a good time . the kids liked it and that 's what matters . may return one day if we run out of options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you enjoy sitting on a horse and watching the sunset . go for it . the horses were huge and neat . but the path was horrible and all dust . wrap yourself . worth your money but me and my friends are disappointed . the horses just walk , we expected them to be fast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a great time ! took the dinner ride . it was well worth it ! would definately recomend it . and calvin was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "guide was very disinterested and barely talked and checked on us . cut us short by 20 mins which is a huge waste of money ! overall not very friendly . do not recommend this one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! the trail ride was absolutely beautiful ! my partner and i took a two hour ride . i can not describe the wonderful beauty of the trail and surrounding nature . there was an awesome view of the city from afar as well ! i can not remember the name of our guide wrangler , but he is the only cuban wrangler there . he was so great ! he checked in with us frequently to make sure we were comfortable . i 'm really short and my stirrups were hard to reach . he was sweet enough to notice and adjust them for me . the horses were well behaved and i never once felt like i was in danger . this visit was part of my first trip to phoenix and i would recommend it to anyone ! they even have a step structure to help get you on and off the horse . being so small , i was very grateful for that ! all in all , i loved this place and will definitely be back the next time i 'm in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff . trail ride was very peaceful & had nice scenery . price was great . we enjoyed it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a terrific one hour trail ride with my 13 yo daughter . scenery is fantastic , like something out of a western . our guide was the real deal cowboy and gave a great tour with bits of history . saw petroglyphs and wild life ( ok , squirrels ) . the horses were easy and no riding experience required . highly recommended for an old west experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great time here . the staff were very friendly and professional . the horses were calm and well trained & accustomed to the trail ride . the views on the park are beautiful ! it was a wonderful experience and for sure i would return next time i 'm in phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . i went with my mother as we enjoy horse riding and try to go at least once every couple of months so when we moved to pheonix i looked around and found this place . the prices are amazing , i believe it was 55 for 2 hours per person . which is perfect and the view at the end of the ride is worth waiting for you can see the whole valley . we stopped multiple times to get a great photo by the wrangler , while the wrangled spoke very very little english and i speak very very little spanish communication was very hard but we managed . as a tip if anyone jn your group is interested in volunteering let them know , all the wranglers there are volunteers , they allow you to earn money through tips while taking out rides .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would recommend horseback riding of the coin-operated variety before visiting this trail . i was given a tiny and depressed donkey for the trip . it was painful to watch horses kick and trip on immovable rocks , essentially stumbling for three hours . mine took a nose-dive in the last 8th of a mile . it seemed humiliated being made to kick rocks and twist ankles every few steps while my feet bashed into its elbow things on its front legs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "took my nephews on their first horse back ride , 12 and 7 , and it was a blast . the folks that work there are friendly , helpful and very caring with everyone especially kids . the horses were calm and sweet . i 'll be going back there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just absolutely loved my ride . it was such a unique and affordable experience . the guides are knowledgeable and very helpful , encouraging you to remember to drink your water . the horse i was riding kept walking into the shade , thus scratching the eff out of me but i did n't mind at all . i wanted some shade to . my guides name was branden and he did an excellent job . the ride got a little awkward when another guide read him the riot act in front of us but i would n't trade that experience for the world . thank you folks at ponderosa . favorite part of my whole vacation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when me and my family stopped by these stables to take a look , dan , the owner , informed us that there was 101 horses in these tiny stables . by taking a look into the dens , it 's evident how cramped the poor animals are ! horses belong in the wild , and to keep them cramped up in a tiny space is very immoral and cruel . at least have more land and space for them to roam if you have that many horses . he also informed us that the horses are being ridden from 7am-4pm every single day of the year except christmas . this seems unfair to the animals and we really wish people would stop investing their time and money into a place so cruel .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! dan , jerry and the rest of the staff are professional and welcoming to all of their guests . we had such a wonderful time on our 2-hour trail ride with our cuban guide . i happily drove from tempe and would drive from chandler , scottsdale , or phoenix to ride here again . the ride was therapeutic for my soul and my body . my attitude is improved and my back and hips are all loosened up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff , great horses . i did the 1hr guided trail ride . perfect if you 're looking for an easy ride with a great view . i felt bad for the guide though . there were some obnoxious kids in the group and he ended up babysitting them more than anything . he was good with them though and tried to be as attentive as he could to the rest of us . overall , it was fun and relaxing . i 've already signed up to go again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful starlit horseback ride , delicious , no nonsense steak dinner , affordable price . great time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to get out of the house and do something different since the weather is starting to get nice . our guide was super funny and friendly ! i will definitely go back for another ride !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yee haw ! went on a 2 hour trot through the hot desert mountainy area ! once again recommended by krystle and john . tour guide didnt say much but thats cool im all about soaking in some scenery and just starin at everything", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always great . the sunset ride is exceptional . you ride up south mountain and see the sun setting over the entire city of phoenix . dinner is included and delicious . we come to ponderosa stables every time we visit phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family enjoyed the 1 hour ride this morning . it was a relaxing ride with our guide , jerry . the scenery was beautiful and peaceful . we are heading back to columbus and enjoyed our mini vacation in phoenix , sedona and the grand canyon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my 2 nieces here this morning . it was their 1st time on a horse . i ca n't say enough good about how careful the folks at ponderosa stables were on making sure they had horses they could handle and be comfortable . our trail guide , jw was very experienced and knew how to handle our group of 7 that had 4 beginner riders . being a novice myself i found the pace perfect . the 1hr ride was the perfect length . this is the place to go , especially if you are a beginning rider . the south mountain location is very scenic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place ! our family loved it ( our youngest is 10 ) . we took a horseback ride to the steakhouse from ponderosa stables . wonderful experience ! chris was an awesome guide !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heard that is was obligatory to do horseback riding while in phoenix and this place got recognition from one of the travel books i looked at and also from yelp . my girlfriend and i decided to give it a shot and we were not disappointed . our guide was great and even took our camera and took pictures of us together on our horses . the scenery in the park was great too . great staff , great horses , great scenery , and good prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super lecker f\u00fcr jeden chicken fan was dabei ! immer frisch und warm ! sehr nettes personal was nicht selbstverst\u00e4ndlich ist f\u00fcr fastfoodketten . ein besuch lohnt sich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bei kfc ist schon der geruch von altem frittierfett st\u00f6rend und das essen liegt einem noch einen tag danach schwer im magen . nie wieder !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "also da kann man sagen was man will aber kfc ist f\u00fcr mich das ma\u00df aller dinge im bereich fast foodund nun auch in stuttgart in m\u00fchlhausen und stuttgart richtung wangen und das essen vom feinsten", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finde es hier sehr gut und schmeckt auch man muss bissel warten aber sonst prima .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "essen ist ganz in ordnung . ist halt fast food da kann man keine 5-sterne-qualit\u00e4t wie im restaurant erwarten aber das wei\u00df man ja wenn man zi mc , bka , kfc etc . geht . die erwartungen zum thema `` fast '' wurden hier leider nicht erf\u00fcllt . mittags um 12 uhr die komplette kasse + drive in von einem einzigen mitarbeiter abwickeln zu lassen ist eindeutig am falschen ende gespart . wenn man gerade mal ne halbe stunde mittagspause hat und diese nicht komplett in der warteschlange verbringen m\u00f6chte empfehle ich zum mc oder woanders hin zu gehen , denn da werden die kunden um einiges schneller bedient fazit : - das essen an sich ist wie gesagt in ordnung f\u00fcr den preis . - bedienung k\u00f6nnte schneller sein bzw . mehr personal an den kassen w\u00e4re von vorteil", "score": "3"}
{"review": "also irgendwie habe ich das gef\u00fchl jeder kfc ist anders also bei dem hier bekomme ich immer dienstags von den hot-wings durchfall entweder machen sie die zu scharf oder die hot-wings sind zu alt . naja sauberkeit vermisse ich auch jedesmal wenn ich da hin gehe bekomme ich einen dreckigen tisch . das personal hat meistens auch keinen plan . der einzige kfc wo ich weder durchfall oder einen schmutzigen tisch bekomme ist der in sindelfingen dort schmecken die hot-wings auch um vieles besser .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nun ich besuchte dieses restaurant am 25.3.2017 und bin recht zufrieden . ich bewerte das restaurant mit punkten . von 1 bis 10 . 1 ist das schlechteste und 10 das beste . kunden freundlichkeit : 7 10 essen : 7 10 sauberkeit : 8 10 wartezeiten : 5 10 preis : 5 10 service : 6 10 getr\u00e4nke : 7 10 ingesammt bin ich zufrieden .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich liebe kfc . meiner meinung nach um welten besser als mcdonald`s , geschweige denn burger king . der service ist um einiges freundlicher , eigentlich der freundlichste service \u00fcberhaupt , den ich je in einer fast-food-kette erlebt habe . das essen ist lecker , es gibt f\u00fcr jeden geschmack etwas . getr\u00e4nke k\u00f6nnen kostenlos selbst nachgef\u00fcllt werden . parkpl\u00e4tze sind ausreichend vorhanden . die waschr\u00e4ume sind sauber , sowie das gesamte restaurant meist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich habe irgendwie das fragw\u00fcrdige gl\u00fcck bei 70 % meiner bestellungen in fastfoodtempeln an die frischen azbuis zu gelangen . in diesem fall war es besonderst traurig , da ich zum einen nicht richtig verstanden worden bin und alles mehrfach wiederholen mu\u00dfte und zum anderen dann die kommunikation von hinter der theke in die k\u00fcche auch nicht geklappt hat . nichts desto trotz ist es mal was anderes als immer nur ( fleisch ) bruger oder sandwiches .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "gutes fleisch und gute burger zu einem guten preis . sauberer laden mit freundlichem personal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome hometown family authentic italian bakery and deli ! went for the first time today and the service was awesome and so much authentic food ! love em ! will def be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! ! best bread in all of cleveland . make sure you bring cash though as they do n't take credit debit or checks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "italian bread and sourdough bread are delicious . donuts are lighter and have more flavor that chains like dunkin . the custard filled chocolate iced is delish , the cinnamon rolls are yummy just need icing to go on the sides too , the apple filled cinnamon dusted will make you crave them and the cream sticks - just grab a few . quick polite service with only one downside - cash only !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the inn of chagrin falls . i stayed there in 2007 and i stayed there again in september 2012 . it is a considerable distance from most cleveland businesses but , for me , that is much of its charm . it is within 100 yards of the falls -- as idyllic a spot as you will find on the planet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice inn , staff was hospitable great little tasty cookies were waiting for us next to the bed , the jacuzzi room is huge and the jacuzzi could easily fit four lol . bed is huge and comfy : ) ) the place is haunted though for sure , while we were sleeping two different lights in the bathroom kept turning on ( as in the switch flipped ) we asked the next morning and the owners said that a few other guests have mentioned weird occurrences and the night auditor had seen strange things happen , room thirteen seems to be the place where it happens the most .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a charming little inn . our room was actually pretty huge . we could open windows partially to let fresh air in ( huge in hotels these days ! ) . there was also a huge bathroom with a shower that could easily fit four people . in addition to the huge ca king sized bed , they fit a few chairs in the room for lounging . so much room for just two of us ! the decor may be a bit old fashioned for some people , but it really was quite charming . there was also a continental breakfast the next morning which we missed , but which i assume was fabulous due to proximity to gamekeepers . if you happen to go to gamekeepers for dinner , it 's about 5 steps away from the hotel . our room even looked out to the gamekeepers patio . a wonderful time . although perhaps i 'm biased . they left the most wonderful cookies for us on our pillows . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just had a really positive experience with 1-800 got junk . called today around noon and was able to schedule an appointment for later that day . they arrived exactly when they said they would , they quoted me a price that i thought was reasonable , they hauled my junk away , and the transaction was all done in about 20 minutes . i could n't ask for more . great service , great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arrived on time , were friendly and efficient . they were very careful when removing things from our home ; did n't scuff any walls , etc . a job well done ! we would definitely use them again ( and probably will ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after dealing with the company , waste management , who failed to remove our special pickup after it sitting in our front yard during the 3 day window they gave us and refused to pickup more than half the load we contacted 1-800-got-junk who was more friendly on the phone , gave us a two hour window on the same day and removed the entire load in ten minutes we will never stray again . the crew was friendly and polite . we highly endorse them each and everyday . got ta one of their signs in my yard in place of the pile that waste management let sit for three days and did n't pick up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very pleased with the service . i had several large , very heavy appliances in my basement that i was unable to move , and the only way to get them out was through a tight stairway with a 90 degree bend in it . the guys were able to get everything up and out , in a timely and professional manner . they were very courteous , professional , and i was pleased with the amount that i paid for the service -- i actually expected to pay more . i definitely recommend this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whatever estimate you imagined , you might want to add another 20 % -30 % . i was charged $ 99 for the removal of an 18 year old toshiba 27 inch television . they guys were very professional and polite , but they are careful not to disclose pricing over the phone . during the call they claimed the cost would be determined by the space the items took up on the truck . not true ! they have a fee schedule broken out by item . they figure if the guys are already there and you want to get rid of the stuff bad enough , you 'll pay it . that 's what i did -- now i 'm kicking myself . bottom-line is they get the job done , but you 're damn sure going to pay for it . call around before you commit ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got junk was really great to work with . their customer service team is great . i had to reschedule my appointment a couple times and it was never an issue with the customer service department . i received a call the morning of the appointment ( just like i was told i would ) . they arrived relatively on time and cleared everything out in just a couple hours . the 2 guys were very nice and professional . would definitely use got junk again in the future if i need anything hauled away .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "1-800-got-junk came to our house to remove an armoire from an upstairs bedroom . it was a large piece of furniture , so we suggested that they take it out in two pieces to make it lighter and easier to maneuver . they did , but then proceeded to drag it across our hardwood floors , scratching huge , deep gouges in the wood . we pointed that out , and after a lot of arguing and resistance that went on for months , they finally agreed to pay to repair the floors -- with the exception of $ 1000 , which we had to contribute to the repairs . and they still charged us more than $ 300 to move the piece of furniture . unscrupulous business . very unprofessional . i recommend you look elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "1800 got junk is great i used them in maryland and now i 'm pittsburgh . service is always consistent friendly on time efficient and never over charge . their culture is a lot like mcdonald 's .you no exactly what your going to get . you pay a little extra for their service but you do n't have to deal with larry and his brother larry garbage hauling and all the grief that can probably occur i recommend got junk 100 %", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used them twice to remove couches from an apartment and a house . one couch was enormous and had to come down a flight of stairs . they were in and out without a hassle , and did n't damage anything on the way out . both crews i had were very friendly and priced me at whatever i was quoted on the phone . side note : i forgot to have cash handy when the second crew came by , so i could n't tip them . i was apologetic , but the guys were gracious and laughed it off . sorry about that , but maybe a nice yelp review sort of makes up for it ? of course , i ca n't remember their names , sooo ... yeah .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had 4 moves with junk hauling last month in march.2015 . granted pricing is comparable with these other 2 but these guys from your company who came out to my houses did a stellar job . i asked one of the other junk guys i had to hire kinda on the spot in april s why they did not bring bags and brooms and dustpans , and got that look of `` what '' , and when he said `` we do n't sweep up the broken glass etc '' and that was the turning point for me to have 1800-got-junk do the final 2 houses worth of junk removal and spent almost 2grand with 1-800-got-junk i was so happy with the service . i have already told as many people as i can not to use these `` other '' local hauling companies , and if i would have taken a video of your guys cleaning up after themselves compared to these other people i would have posted it on youtube", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i were going to cut up our old couch ourselves to discard it , but i am so glad that we did not . less than one day before our new couch was to be delivered by another company , we called 1-800-got-junk . i was worried that the price to remove our couch would be expensive , but it cost only $ 79 . the two pickup guys , darell and jeremy , arrived on time the next morning , and they were very polite and professional . i recommend this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to say , i was skeptical of 1800 junk and all of its five star reviews . but we had an old tube tv that weighed about 300 lbs ( three adults working together could n't move it ! ) , and there was no commitment to book an appointment online so i figured i 'd give it a shot . i booked an appointment for between 8 and 10 am monday morning on only two days notice , two guys showed up at our place around 8:10 . we payed just over $ 200 to have three tvs ( one huge tube tv and two smaller tvs ) and a tv stand removed . not cheap , but there do n't seem to be many alternatives given pa 's laws on electronics recycling . the employees were polite and efficient . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys ( dylan , seth , prosper & jon ) were amazing ! almost 2 full truckloads in one hour . extremely professional & pleasant . they were very careful not to damage the walls as they were moving furniture . they even vacuumed the carpets & swept all the floors for me ! money well spent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the `` tre team '' who came to our house was courteous , efficient , and reasonably priced . i would definitely use them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we needed to dispose of a mattress last minute before moving out of state . we called this company to inquire about disposing of the mattress and they were super helpful ! the woman on the phone , amy , was very friendly and informative . the movers , darrell and eric , arrived shortly after i called and grabbed not only the mattress , but the wooden planks we used for a homemade box spring . they were also very friendly and talkative . they asked questions about my life while we worked and shared a little bit about themselves as well . it was an overall wonderful experience and i would highly recommend them and this company to anyone in need of this type of removal service . the price was reasonable and the service was excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend 1-800-got-junk . it was easy to schedule online , employees were on time , they made an accurate estimate , and worked efficiently and professionally . the service was well worth the money , saving me a lot of time and effort . i personally can not be more impressed with this company and the two guys that removed my junk , dylan and prosper ! keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had requested that they come and haul away recycle a very large projection television ( that you can not recycle in the state of pa unless it 's at an rarely organized event ) . they have very reasonable pick up windows and the flat price was worth it to not have to deal with trying to recycle it myself . the two guys were very prompt and polite and were in and out within a few minutes . very easy and pleasant experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was able to make an appointment for a 2-hour time slot the next day and received a reminder email that i would be called 30-15 min before my appointment to confirm the time . no way to get an estimate or price beforehand . did n't receive the reminder call , so i called 30 min later and they checked and said they 'd be there in 30 min . they arrived and were polite but the price was too high . i had a washing machine , 10 boxes of ceramic tile and one garbage bag and they first quoted $ 161 . they offered a $ 25 off coupon and that was still too high . then they wanted to know if i would do it for their lowest price of $ 125 . they said they usually charge $ 125 for a washer removal . although they were polite , their appointment execution was n't that great and i thought the pricing was way too expensive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they come when the are supposed to , they are clean efficient and friendly . i highly recommend . i have used three times and plan to use again . worth every penny .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really nice post office.sometimes , i go up to north meck to experience the suburbs and rural areas and it is fun coming to this post office . you walk out of the post office and as patrons walk in they smile and wave to you . city post offices can be a bear . long lines and everyone in such a hurry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a joke and it is amazing that their incompetence is seemingly rewarded . they consistently lose or misdeliver mail , sometimes it is 7:00 pm or later before we get mail , and the workers are some of the rudest you will encounter . recently they were caught in a lie about delivering a package . when confronted they finally admitted they delivered to the wrong address and for the next 3 days did nothing but give me the run around and continually lie . in their mind i have no right to compensation due to their negligence and when i commented i would come down to resolve this the women claimed i threatened her . when i asked how coming there to resolve this was a threat she claimed i threatened a federal employee . when i asked was it ok for a federal employee to continually lie and deceive she hung up the phone . avoid this place like the plague !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "although efficiency and speed are not a strong point of this location , their friendliness and service is . i think sometimes it takes so long because the staff gets to know their customers and carries on personal conversations while they are being helped , which can slow down their work speed but i do n't think is a bad thing at all . everything i come in to do or get is always taken care of properly , like i said they do n't move as fast as the sound of light , but they are knowledgeable , get the job done and are usually very nice about it . i 'm not sure what else you 're expecting from a usps office . parking is a little crazy when it 's busy so check and double check before popping out of your spot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is by far the worst post office in the history of postal service ! there are never enough windows open at peak business hours yet the normally grumpy ppl at the windows seem to always move at a snails pace ! ! ! i was in line 20 minutes yesterday & have been in line 20 minutes today . it sucks because shipping costs are steadily increasing . i suggest going anywhere buy this location ! ! ! anywhere ! ! ! ! siberia even ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst post office you 've ever been to . i know there 's hardly any good post office , but seriously , this is the worst . rude , lazy , incompetent . messed my mail up several times . lost mail . long lines . they just give zero `` f 's '' at this place . glad i 'm moving and wo n't have to deal with them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "update ... the huntersville post office never corrected the situation . we still do not receive our mail . our mail was thrown on the ground . we were assured our mail carrier never drove her personal car but we had a woman run up to our door in street clothes after 9 pm apologizing that the normal carrier did n't deliver our mail and hand us our mail . so there it is ... only the one woman ... brought us our mail because she was nice . we get our mail whenever the carrier feels like driving down the street .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this office has always been good to me . the workers there are very patient people . i have been in line and seen very rude customers who have a since of entitlement talking with the workers in a terrible manner . they stay calm and professional ! also i have seen complaints of non delivery . to that i say , do n't park your vehicle infront of the mailbox and problem solved . good people here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my local post office . i have no complaints here . if you need to mail a letter or pacage , you can use the automated machine and skip the line . however , if you prefer to get in line , be prepared to wait , especially during lunch . on my last visit , there were two lines open and at the blink of an eye , there were five ! that is great customer sevice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this post office does not even deserve one star , they are the worst ! ! ! ! i have been waiting for a package from my family , which was sent way before valentines day 2016 and i still have not received it..i am sure it went to a different address , this happens all the time , i wonder how many things have gone missing , we always get other peoples mail and just sent it back , or hand deliver it..this package is irreplacable ! ! they tell me there is nothing can be done . we 're very lucky if we get our mail by 8:00 pm i am so very angry ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "since i go here everyday to check my po box , i thought i would add it to the yelp community .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "since i worked in the huntersville area for a few years , i got to know this post office pretty well . while it 's nothing special , it 's worth noting that the folks who work here are very efficient , knowledgeable and , usually , pretty friendly . as michelle b mentioned , this location gets super crowded during lunch hours , so be prepared to stand in line or use the automated machine in the po box area . also , be cautious when driving in and out of the parking lot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "people are rude as hell here . there is one guy there that is always rude to no end here . steve is his name i believe . he acts like dealing with people is an inconvenience . treats everyone like they are stupid and annoying . i can tell he does n't like customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place and great service . i have been going here for a couple of years now to get my compounded medication . rosy is always very helpful and takes the time to answer all my questions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this small pharmacy . much better than the generic service you get at the big ones . it 's nice to support a small family business as well . i just wish it had slightly later hours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it just does n't get any better than this . everyone is pleasant and they really take the time to get to know their customers . they have helped me out so many times with last minute prescription refills i just could n't say enough good things about them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is horrible . they ripped me off so bad on an oil change and filter service . they left the old filter in there and just said they swapped it out . how can you trust a mechanic like this ? stay away ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had to get the consumer protection agency involved . ara of madison charged us $ 199.00 for a used recoil . looked on the internet you can buy these for $ 25- $ 36 they also charged 2 hour of labor . i talked to other boat mechanics . this is a less than one hour job . i would stay far away from ara of madison . they are crooks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this guy is a crook . when i took my vehicle to my regular mechanic he was so pissed he wanted to know who ripped me off ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i took my 1992 evinrude 25 hp 2 stroke and attached boat in because of cooling issues . work was done completely and correctly and boat runs like a champ . labor cost is a little steep but the work was correctly and the motor has run well ever since . work was completed on schedule and this was before a holiday weekend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ara of madison has been working on my 2001 bmw 330ci since i purchased it in 2010 . when i found the used car i wanted , i told the former owner `` i want my mechanic to check it out . '' my mechanic , shaun works for casey at ara . shaun and i went for a ride and he said `` nice car '' so i purchased it . since then , shaun and casey have helped keep my car running at it 's best . i 've known shaun since 1989 when he loaned me a clutch alignment tool so i could put another used transmission in my 1977 toyota celica . that car made it 230,000 miles . shaun and casey will help keep my bmw running for a lot of years to come too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very happy with the quality of brake work done on my car last month . they were down to metal-on-metal , this place is conveniently close to my work , and i was able to drop my car off in the morning and pick it up again by early afternoon . the price was steep , but i believe you get what you pay for . i 'm about to have them replace my water pump , so i 'm hoping the quality work continues !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so sad you are now gone but happy i was in town to see you off , you were always so good to me ... and by `` good '' i mean naughty at the same time ... if only they could have taken away a douchebaggery of an establishment like madison 's instead we would still be able to enjoy your great live music and fabulous happy hours in the midst of the summer heat ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "r.i.p . cafe `` momo . '' this place had evolved into one of my favorite establishments in madison and it 's a dire shame that it is now closed for good . how do the countless dive bars continue to thrive in this area when a place like this goes under . it 's a sad day for madison 's nightlife .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if grey goose were a religious prophet , this would be it 's mecca . perfect martinis and just an amazing happy hour spot . underground bar with cool decor and they even have great music acts go through here despite it 's smaller size ( i 'm still pissed i missed mike doughty here years ago ) . oh yeah , and their appetizer menu is a foodie 's dream come true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was one of the first places i came after i turned 21 . i loved it then , and my loyalty has never died . i love the dim lighting , the way it 's decorated and the music they have playing . they make the best cosmopolitans i 've ever tasted . half-priced wine night ( 1 2 priced bottles of wine and free jazz ) is fantastic . you should try their `` chocolate gooey '' dessert with a glass of champagne ; it 's sinfully indulgent . my only problem is that i ca n't come here often enough because of bands i do n't want to see with cover charges i do n't want to pay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best places to hear live music . their bartenders are great , knowledgeable and friendly . i love the atmosphere . and i love the food . admittedly , i feel embarrassed when i have to cross in front of the stage during a show to get to the bathrooms ( poor placement ? ) , but it definitely dumps the too-trendy vibe and is a great place to feel totally at ease .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meh . the space is cool enough . the drinks are pretty good ( however , not cheap -- a.k.a . cafe momoney ) service is not great . there are better , more friendly places to go in madison .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i will join in the masses singing my praises of cafe montmartre . they have a great double date atmosphere . their honey , brie , almond , and bread appetizer is the absolute best to share for even a dinner , and my beau and i gobbled it all down . we saw holly golightly play a decent set here and greet and sign autographs with the audience afterwards . what a nice , decently small venue to be able to do that ! even though we were in the room not with the stage in it , we could see and hear her just fine . there are just a few reasons why this restaurant bar is not 5 stars : - they need to offer individual drink bottles of linderman 's framboise and not just like a huge bottle of it to share , because really - what straight guy is going to agree to split that with you ? - it 's silly they do n't sell tickets at the venue itself until an hour before the concert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cafe montmartre rocks my world ! ! i love love love french food , and this place definitely hits the spot ! ! one of my girlfriends and i just had dinner there last week ... we split the antipasto ( too much for one person ! ) and the crostinis with olive tapenade and chevre ( yum ! ) . in addition to fantastic food , we had a great water who spoiled us all night ( we ended up staying for four hours and almost two bottles of wine ! ! ) everything is moderately priced and can be a meal , or just appetizers , depending on your mood . do n't forget to check it out on monday nights for half-price wine and live jazz music ... .my girlfriends and i are making it a weekly thing this semester ! ! 5 big gold stars ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "half-priced wine night mondays ? i 'm totally there . you literally get to take half of the price off each bottle ( no glasses ) and there 's usually a live band ( usually a decent jazz band ) with no cover ! what 's more , the crowd on mondays is mostly full of unusually attractive 20-somethings . their pizza is also very well made . 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we hired james and his team to paint a few interior rooms , and we could n't be happier ! james , his father and another team member demonstrated incredible craftsmanship and care in our home and exceeded any other paint contractor experiences we have had in the past . they carefully patched and prepped the rooms before painting , and they pointed out a few areas that i had not included in the job but which needed to be touched up . great communication , awesome attention to detail and they left the place spotless . i ca n't recommend them highly enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "james was very professional and prompt . he came over for a quote and did exactly what he told me he would do . the painting turned out perfect", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we hired mansour valley painting to paint a remodeled section of a nursing home in gilbert . james exhibited professional management skills and kept to his promised schedule . the painting looks great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this spa . i tried a regular brazilian wax before at a different spa but the sugar wax was much better . the skin is smoother and less pain . shamiza is very friendly and professional . i will go back again for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to this place regularly for brazilian the last 6 months and i highly recommend it . i had conventional waxing done for many years and just stumbled across the website and decided to try a more natural option . shamiza is very friendly and always makes me feel comfortable . communication is easier by sms because she works by herself and may not always be available to pick up the phone . i noticed that there is less ingrown hair after body sugaring . the hair has also been growing slower so i do n't need to go for a wax as often as before . the price is also less compared to going to a salon or spa . overall , i would not hesitate to recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amaaazing ! ! ! just like you , last summer i was reading up all the yelp reviews i could find . my skin allergies got so bad i had to give up waxing - after 10yrs + , not easy . i am so happy i took a chance and walked into her doors . shamiza is super friendly , and genuinely wants to help you - she wo n't rest till she sees a smile on her client 's face . price - very reasonable ! i am proud to say my skin is not only doing much better but i have zero irritation afterwards - after just a few sessions ! ! bonus - my hair growth is substantially less and lighter ! ! the change is noticeable right away and only gets better with each session . location - i 'm reading some people got confused by where to do go , just keep your eyes up for the sign-age and you will surely find the right door , it 's too big of a store front to miss ! happy sugaring ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming to this establishment on and off for about a year and the sugaring is great and shizma is very knowledgeable but customer service has declined and made me feel as a customer not very welcome . i asked to make an appointment for underarm sugaring and the response i got made me feel second priority to other appointments . the customer service i have gotten over the year has not been spectacular almost cold and compared to other customers subpar . in addition , response time has not been timely . i drive a ways and make time to go and even offered to work with her schedule but not feeling valued as a customer has made me find other places for my sugaring needs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of the few places i found who offered sugaring . it was my first time seeing her and she greeted me with a big smile which made me exposing my private parts slightly less awkward and intimidating . knowing it was my first time , she explained everything thoroughly before she started and afterwards she explained the aftercare . the whole experience was very quick and professional . she sanitized her hands before and after and wore gloves for the procedure which was nice because i 've seen people not wear gloves and how many private parts do they touch in a day ? i brought my friend to see her a few days later and the experience was just as great . we will definitely be going to her again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a little hard locating sugar me spa as it is actually inside mackenzie health center but once i entered the receptionist was quick to direct me to the room . the room is clean , well lit and welcoming ( music and tv with looped video of beach sceneries ) . shamiza was friendly and welcoming , and kept up a good conversation throughout the hour and fifty minute appointment . sugar waxing is definitely less painful than traditional waxing , especially for the brazilian wax , and even though hair removal is usually uncomfortable , it was actually relaxing in this case and found myself wanting to doze off because there was hardly any discomfort . i was not aware that sugar me spa only accepts cash payments but shamiza was accommodating and also accepted email transfer in lieu of cash . will definitely be returning as a loyal client from now on ! if you want to try hair removal , i recommend sugar me spa with no hesitations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here for the first time today and completely agree with the other great reviews . shamiza is very friendly and she tries to minimize the pain as much as possible . the service is great and the prices are extremely affordable . i totally recommend this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazingggg ! ! i went to her right before my punta cana trip for a brazilian first time with sugar wax . i have done waxing in the past but my original girl is all the way downtown now . so i really went in to try it out . she is fantastic ! ! ! shamiza is so gentle but her technique is amazing and the results are fantastic . so much better than waxing ! i 'm going to go back to her next week ! ! ! highly recommended - 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it ! i have been doing quite a lot of research on where to get a good brazilian wax and stumbled upon here . it was n't as painful as i thought it was , she made me feel extremely comfortable , and tried to distract me from the pain . i would definitely recommend girls and guys to get their waxing done here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first professional wax experience and it was great ! i loved the lady who was doing the waxing she was very professional and nice , and i will definitely be going back here very soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed my experience here ! ! ! the place is very clean , bright and inviting and the sugaring is awesome ! ! shamza is a spunky sweet lady who takes her job very seriously ! she makes sure she explains the process of sugaring as well she talks to you to make the process go faster . i would recommend this place and i would come back ! ! however be alert and come early before your appt so you can find a parking spot . it 's crazy there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michelle took really great care of my daughter and walked us through all the protocols way better than any doctor will . we went to a doctor to get her the prescription stuff but without her assistance it would not have been enough . this company provides a huge piece of mind and they are reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michelle was wonderful ! oh my gosh , i was so grossed out and embarrassed by the experience , but she was very knowledgeable and attentive and helped me realize there was nothing to be ashamed of and quickly addressed our problem . she walked me through the life cycle , what to look for and how to clean items in the house . her products are superior to what you can get over the counter . the comb has super tight teeth and actually works ! she answered every question , easy to communicate with phone text . she showed up on time . she 's great with kids and getting them to sit still ! lol . i could n't ask for a better person to help me through this experience with my little girl . i can sleep well and feel good about hugging my daughter again now she 's nit-free ! thank you michelle ! \u200d\u200d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it finally happened : my daughter brought home lice and shared it with her sister , her dad , and me , her mom . in a panic , i called michelle at lice happens ( what a great name for this business , huh ? ) and she came over within a few hours . she took the time to 1 ) thoroughly explain that it 's not our fault ! lice love clean hair ! and 2 ) show us how to do the follow up care . when she left , i felt confident and at ease with the task ahead of us and like i could now teach a class on the subject of lice ! i learned so much ( more than i ever wanted ! ) , but i 'm so thankful michelle came to our rescue ! ! ! we are now a lice-free family , and i could n't be more pleased with michelle and lice happens !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michelle is great ! so glad we wasted no time nipping this problem right away ! no awful and dangerous chemicals . no oil to apply for days on end . michelle is very knowledgable and professional . we learned alot how most information we had was nothing but old wives tales . this service is worth every penny to know we wo n't be passing around this nightmare for weeks . thanks michelle !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so thankful we called lice happens . michelle is extremely knowledgeable about the topic , and she is an efficient worker , clearing my little sister of her nits and lice . what i liked the most about the service is that michelle made sure all of the adults felt comfortable with conducting the lice checks on one another , this way we can actively work on keeping the lice in check on our own , plus she was cognizant of my sister 's feelings , ensuring my sister understood lice happens and it was n't her fault she contracted it . thanks for your help , michelle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michelle came to my house today and was my saving grace ! ! i am soooo happy that i googled in desperation for help and stumbled upon her business . she was very thorough with my kids and myself . never once losing patience and always answering any question we had . i ca n't express in words how relieved i feel after she has helped us . she 's like a new age mary poppins with her bag full of lice treatments ... . i would recommend her and this business to anyone ! thank you ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michelle came same day within a couple of hours . my daughter had a very bad case and michelle was amazing . not only did she provide excellence service in exterminating these pests but she armed us with the knowledge and the tools to ensure that we completely eradicated the infestation and would be able to deal with a future episode . thank god for this dedicated professional . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michelle is a godsend ! the realization that lice is in your home , on your children and possibly on you sucks . the psychological process alone ( at least for me ) was very overwhelming . thanks to michelle , she eased some of that discomfort over the phone and completely in person . it turns out ... .it 's not so bad after all . i did n't have to burn the house down and the kids still have their hair ! all kidding aside , michelle 's response time was fast , she was professional , understanding , thorough and reassuring ( especially to my children ) . hopefully , we wo n't go through the lice issue again but if we do , michelle will be the first one i call ! highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michelle is very knowledgeable and very patient ! she answered every single one of our questions about lice . she did a great job helping my younger sister get rid of super lice and offered to keep in contact with us if we did happen to catch it again ! i would definitely recommend this place to anyone if they had this issue !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michelle and her service saved my life and my sanity ! we have never had lice and tried using the over the counter products which do not work . i called her at 11 pm in a full panic mode and she helped me relax and came the very next day . after a few hours with her my whole family was lice free and back to normal . parents do not use the otc shampoos the only way to rid your family of lice is by using a service like lice happens . thank you lice happens for treating us and making us lice free : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michelle is absolutely fantastic . she is as knowledgeable as she is kind . i am so glad that there are people like her available to help when a mom is freaking out . from the minute she answered my call at 8 pm , to the time she left our home , she gave us amazing service during an experience that is not fun for a parent . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing job ! michelle is a true professional . polite , thorough , funny and respectful ... ... . what more can you ask for ... .oh that 's right she comes to you ! need i say more ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "uhhhh felt horrible with having theses lil buggies but michelle made us feel at ease . very very pleased with the service and detailed attention we were given . and now with the helpful informative upkeep instructions that michelle gave us we are now on our way to being buggy free ! and deff is a plus that the products she uses have no harsh chemicals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lice happens is everything you could hope for ! i contacted them trough their web site late in the day and quickly had a response . michelle came the next day and she is exceptional ! she checked the whole family and exterminated all the lice and nits . ( only two of us had lice . ) she also taught and provided us with everything we need to prevent another infestation . so thankful for lice happens ! thank you again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! ! ! ! i just love her . i was so stressed out and her age comes and saves the day ! she got rid of our lice and i could n't have been happier with her service ! highly recommend ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michelle was awesome ! she is very nice and is so willing to help . my son had head lice and i buzzed his head then i decided to check myself and found one . well one is all i needed to start going crazy but michelle reassured me that it was ok . when she came over she was professional but also warm and understanding . she checked my hair in about an hour ( i have thick hair ) . my son came home from school and michelle offered to check my son and husband even tho they both have like no hair . she checked and found nits she also taught me how to check my son and myself . great experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michelle was amazing . very informative , understanding and helpful . i 'm so glad we called her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lice happens saved my life ! ! ! ! my daughter has been battling head lice for 4 months . after numerous home treatments and nights up picking and scratching we found lice happens online . i called at 9pm and michelle calmed me down during our first call she was to my house within 24 hours and was so helpful and kind . i feel like a lice expert now . we are now lice free ! ! thank michelle ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved ur service ! ! ! very nice nd polite , she shows u step by step how to check your child 's hair . i recommend lice happens ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michelle came to our rescue on our family vacation to west coast usa . after discovering nits in my daughters hair and doing an over the counter treatment , i knew i needed help from an expert to sort us out quick . michelle responded to my phone call with a friendly voice in minutes and visited us at our hotel the following morning ! michelle is professional and a lovely lady . she checked out all the family and treated both my daughters with care . great price and exceptional service . thanks michelle . we could not have asked for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had just gotten into las vegas on new year 's eve and discovered a few nits in my daughter 's hair . i was worried no one would be available but after speaking with michelle , she adjusted her schedule , came over a few hours later and combed us all out . she gave me detailed instructions on how to manage the follow-up to ensure it does n't come back . she is very professional , responsible and lovely . she even followed up a week later to make sure we were good and asked if we needed further instruction . great if you are a local or on vacation . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! i just found out my 2 kids have lice ( most likely from school ) and michelle made it to my place the same day ! she was so organized and detailed ! she was great with my kids and explained everything in detail . she put my mind to ease !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first thing you 'll notice about this location when you walk in is the line up . it 's almost always there . luckily , the second thing you 'll notice is how quickly it tends to move . smack dab in the middle of north toronto ( just a few short blocks north of lawrence ) this starbucks has it all - a large service area , a robust wall of retail goodies rife with plush toys and gourmand gadgets , and an adjacent lounge with seats , sofas and free wifi for all . despite the size and the crowd , this is n't a noisy location . helped in part by keeping the seating and ordering areas separate , this starbucks is a welcome retreat for java junkies and mobile business types alike .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came to this location this morning , my first time and ordered a grande lite ice soy green tea latte and i had a sip it tasted like regular milk and had to toss it disappointed . the place was so dark .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "standard starbucks coffee and service , but totally flakey wifi . no wifi in a cafe ? ! this is likely the last time i 'll be coming to this location unless it 's for a coffee to go . ... unless that 's what they 're hoping for from their clientele .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yes , this location always has a lineup , but they also have a small patio and a cozy seating area . great location with plenty of other things to do nearby - staff do their best to keep things moving !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this starbucks is kinda small and does n't have many seats . two people were hogging 2 tables and 4 chairs so that does n't leave much room for other people . the food is the same as other starbucks locations . they share a washroom with the restaurant next door . service was fine . not much else to note about this location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "doug and buddy were the ones who helped me out tonight and their service rocked ! prices are decent and overall a super welcoming vibe from this place ! it 's my new go-to shop for all my vaping needs ! keep up the good service guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent product knowledge with good pricing ! they answer any questions that they are asked without hesitating ! wide variety of both vape juice and equipment ! they make sure that you leave the store happy and well-informed ! they provide products for both the experienced and new vapers alike !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in my experience , they take advantage of those new to vaping , and sell merch to customers that they ca n't use unless they upgrade to a bigger battery , and say that it will work just fine with the battery i had in my hand ! ! i asked the guy about a possible exchange because one of their employees sold me a piece i am unable to use , he shrugged his shoulders with a smirk on his face ! prices seem to fluctuate from day to day and customer to customer.. what a disappointment ! unfortunate that this business feels they need to be snakes in the grass to make money . if you go into this shop , be sure you have full knowledge of vape products ! ! i , most certainly , will not be back ... i spent over $ 100 and ended up with a $ 15 tank and a few over priced wicks . lesson learned ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "overpriced and under knowledgable . nice people but one guy tried to sell me a kangerteck rechargeable with no battery for $ 109 . i went up the street and paid $ 69 for same model . out of desperation i needed a tank and same guy tried selling me a late model aspire 3.5ml tank for $ 40 . went up the street and paid $ 27 . another guy there tried selling me liquid at $ 14 bucks for a 15ml bottle . i went elsewhere . you know where ? up the street and paid $ 6.99 for same juice . what 's the moral of my story ? if price too high , go up street ! i 'll never go back to this place unless they are having a going out of business sale and that may be in this vape shop 's near future . do n't be a sucker , just vape ! i just thought of that !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as you may guess , i am not an expert in fashion and accessory stores . however , i was recently dragged into unico by my girlfriend , who was looking for various accessories to go with an outfit . i was pleasently suprised by unico - it was full of things that my girlfriend said were fashionalbe and lovely , and the staff were really nice ( i ended up talking to one while i was hanging around bored ) . the shop is really small but has a huge selection of things crammed into every nook and cranny . there were more than accessories as well , with everything from bags to scalfs - prices were also pretty cheap .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a little accessories shop that has a good range of stuff , from studded belts to indian style earrings , has lots of scarfs and leather or beaded bracelets , all are very cheap . theres not much more i can say , just a quiet little place with friendly staff and cheap accessories", "score": "3"}
{"review": "unico was once described to me as one of those shops that sold european stuff , bits and pieces that you see in markets in france and spain . and it kinda is . it 's cheap and cheerful . do n't expect to have the stuff you buy there last very long . at all . they sell a variety of cheap boho scarves , leg-warmers , those big airy trousers , skirts , earrings , rings , etc . i 've only ever been there for leg-warmers as i normally do n't know where to go for that kinda item . they lasted a few months . the quality was alright , but not perfect . the staff are , and have always been , friendly to me . teensy shop , but full of stuff . mostly stuff you probably do n't need , but most shops in edinburgh are like that anyway .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of the many little clothes and jewellery stores on southbridge nicolson clerk south clerk street ... the day this street gets one name i shall rejoice ! i suspect the man i usually see working in there is the owner , and he 's friendly enough ! if you 've ever been to lookah , just opposite old college , you 'll see this shop definitely has the same inspiration . they sell some clothes , which are n't that memorable , but it 's the colourful and indian-inspired jewellery and bags that are `` unico '' in this shop ( i could n't help myself ! ) it 's not an expensive store either , so you can really go crazy and decide to cover your whole arm in bangles if you feel like it !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "unico is a family run business . there are two shops - one is very close to my house on south clerk street and the second one is on southbridge . i first discovered the shop on southbridge a year ago when i bought one of my favourate scarves , which was immediately recognized by the woman behind the counter , who was also the owner . her husband is taking care of the second shop near my current place of living . most of the goods are indian but there is a good collection of jewellery , handbags , scarves , hats and small accessories for the home . i bought a lovely mirror as a present for a hungarian friend a few weeks ago . the nicest thing about these shops is that you can also buy in euro if you are a tourist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they forgot my fries ... c'mon guys , a combo meal is ... say it with me ... a burger + a drink + fries and yet they forgot the stinking fries . kid 's screaming , ca n't turn the car around and get back in line ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh in n out how i love thee . your burgers are fresh and your service is great . i do n't get weird looks when i order a double double protein style with onion and extra mustard , just a smile and a what else can i get for you ? yesterday service was particularly good and the nice gentleman that took our order came around to make sure that we were doing good . he was friendly and made good conversation . the burgers taste great and i will keep coming back for more . in n out does it right . keepin it real , keepin it simple , it works !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a frequent flier here and for good reason . everyone knows about the secret menu , so experiment ! i like my fries done light well . between five guys and in-n-out , you ca n't go wrong . this place wins though ! # winning", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ohhhhhhhhhh baby ! ! ! ! i love me some innout burger . growing up in arizona we did n't have innout burger , so when we went to so cal to visit family , the daily trips to innout were like mini vacations within our vacation . you can imagine how happy i was when they started opening them in the valley . i absolutely love this place . try something off the secret menu . 3x3 , 4x4 , animal style , well done fries ... grilled cheese ! yup ! the service is always good , the restaurants are always clean , and the food is always fresh . ca n't ask for much more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice pleasant drive thru attendant . quick and efficient service . they ask if you 're eating in the car and offer you a lap mat ( see picture ) . i like to ask for grilled onions and extra spread . they are always obliging . plus , the food is good . duh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , how can you go wrong with in-n-out ? it 's a quality fast food chain that delivers consistent quality for an attractive price . plus , everyone who works here always seems cheerful and in a good mood . definitely not the healthiest food in the world , but why not treat yourself every once in a while ? !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in-n-out is an in-n-out , only difference is it is in az which until maybe ten years ago was n't so . my buddy used to come to cali and go right from the airport to in-n-out but now he has one in his own back yard to gorge on . i like to order a 3x3 protein style when i come here after a good workout . if i am having fast food this is the place to choose for sure for a burger . clean location , good service , a little slow but why rush excellence ? ? ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "consistently delicious burgers . ingredients , including the beef seem to be a step or two above the other fast food places . staff is always friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty solid place for a quick burger . everything is fresh . not many options , but why would you want a salad at a burger joint anyways . pretty clean on the inside and a really friendly staff . i have had several friends work there . they always talk about how good they treat the employees . i think that is reflected on the customer service in a great way . keep it up guys ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in and out burger ... what can i say . goes down well , comes out easy . secret menu allows you to stretch beyond the mediocre 6 item menu . burgers are decent . quite frankly i think they are over-hyped . the chain has an almost cult-like following . not sure that is warranted . definitely better than typical fast food joints , but it is just that ... fast food . animal fries ( aka chili cheese fries ) pretty good . burgers are fresh . fries decent . always use drive-thru . line looks deceiving long hit moves quicker than shorter line inside . worth checking out if in a hurry but not my go to place for a quick meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the cheeseburger and fries are always good here ... and good for the price . we do come here early or later and not during rush hours because it could take times to get your food when they 're busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "freshest , cheapest fast food meal . the parking lot is a pain in the rear though , almost impossible to get parking on a weekend or evening .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not impressed . i 'd rather have a big mac and fries at mcdonald 's . ca n't understand why some rave about it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a great place to enjoy inexpensive but high quality food . everything is made fresh to order . i just found out you can add pickles to the burgers . splendid ! next time i am going to try a burger with pickles and mustard instead of the special sauce . i love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not really sure what the big deal is with in n out ... i 'm from illinois so maybe the people living in az just do n't know what a good burger is . in any case they are nothing special and i definitely do n't recommend them", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you 're in a hurry and on a budget , this is the place to go for a burger . best fast food burger for the price ( around $ 7 for the double combo ) , plus the fries are hand-cut and always fresh . the options are limited but there are several hidden menu choices if you ask such as fried onions , lettuce instead of bun , etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what can i say that is n't already known ? great burgers and fries ! menu is simple , it 's only items that they do better than anyone . try items from their `` secret '' menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great burgers . they use only fresh ingredients and everything comes put looking like the pictures on the wall ( most burger places ca n't even come close to that ) . they have a limited menu : burgers , fries , sodas and shakes . all can be customized , even in secret ways . and that works for me , i prefer that they have chosen to be great at the things they do ( and forget the other stuff ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go enough to have tried all the secret menu . they are an enthusiastic crowd and really try and get your order right and make you happy . it 's fresh food . it 's a burger . it 's fries .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was ok i guess ... not sure what all the hype is about . no bacon was a bummer and my wife likes bbq sauce which they also do n't have . price was good , burger was fresh and hot , so i guess that explains the popularity . i 'm told the fries take some getting used to - i found them very starchy . not bad , just not to my taste i suppose . they had milk , but no apple juice for the kids by the way .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "in n out is my favorite fast food burger place . they 're always delicious , fresh and loaded with tomato and lettuce - which is how i like them . i always order my hamburger animal style . and most of the time i try to get someone to share a fry with me cuz i do n't want to pig out and eat the entire thing ( which i would have no problem doing believe me ) ! their fries are the tastiest ! the service is always very friendly and quick and they 've never once messed up an order . their shakes are fucking great if you 're in the mood for one . i love in-n-out ... and if it was n't so horrible for you i would eat there way more often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best time to go is around 4pm during the week , it 's not too crowded and you can actually get a place to sit inside . the burgers are always great here . double double , protein style , animal style ! yum ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "usually have a good experience at this location , but i was treated very poorly by the cashier zac . very unfriendly , forgot my drink , and when i asked him to for it he responded as if if was my fault . get someone at the register with a smile and good personality .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "delicious food as always , especially great late at night . exceptionally great service this time , very polite and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is always fresh , fast service , clean seating , and friendly staff . my only comment , , , why do n't they move forward to chicken burgers ? ? ? ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "am so glad that in out is 5mins away from where i live ! its the bomb especially for late nite snack : ) love the fries their fresh veggies and the friendly staff..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great and fast service . tons of people here during lunch time but thats not a reason to dock stars . we were fortunate to get seats as a table was leaving . line was out the door but the food came quickly . excellent service and delicious food . highly recommended : get extra `` spread '' packets for burgers and fries ( their special sauce ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the food and service . only one problem . girl at drive up kept touching her hat , hair , face and then handling food . not good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "`` you do n't appreciate what you have until you lose it '' it 's so true ! i moved to the midwest recently and missed in n out ! nothing beats a double double with animal style fries !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being from the east coast we do n't have any in an out burger joints . i am definitely a fan of this place the burgers are great only downfall is the lack of menu options and the lack of meat ... . fatten those patties up ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so delicious . in n out is definitely the `` go to '' burger place in chandler . their animal style cheeseburger and animal style fries delicious . they are always really clean and have a nice , quick staff . amazing location , but an even better company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good burger if you need something quick . great prices ! service is always great . everyone that works there is always so nice . burgers are a little on the small side compared to other places but tasty . i am from texas so my heart will always belong to whataburger when it comes to fast food burgers like this .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "started my son there at 4 . this is located at la camarillo tennis club ( it is separate from the club , independently owned and operated - i think ) . the pool is located outdoors , which as far as i am concerned is the only way to swim ! this is owned by a woman . lori , who either answers her phone directly or calls you back right away . my son loved all of his coaches . this place was not a zoo . it is well run , calm , and not a bunch of chaos . which can be caused when people try to over book their companies ( hubbard comes to mind ) . my son looked forward to going every week . not only did he have a lot of fun , he is water safe ! it seems a bit pricey , but is worth the money for my peace of mind . i do n't dread going ( as i did at hubbard ) . he is in a safe , clean environment and has a ball !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never spent so much money on one swim lesson ! $ 70 , you have got to be kidding me . make sure you know everything before moving forward . lori let me know that she was going to be able to work with our schedule of once a week for my girls . i was so happy and took them to class , which we enjoyed . however , the bill came after and i could n't believe the mark up . she charged extra because we were only going one time a week . this was never told to me before . i let her know that we would not be able to continue if that was rate . she had no problem canceling my class , but charged me the enrollment and cancellation fee . are you kidding me ? i would have never signed up if she just told me the original price . i guess that is why she only had one other student in the class . warning ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mark and lori are amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! my 2 year old can now swim and my son is now on swim team ! they are absolutely the best ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love lori 's swim school ! ! my 4yo has been doing lessons with the lovely miss linnea for 3 months . i am super impressed with his skill set in such a short time . just yesterday he swam the entire length of the lap pool ! ! all the instructors at lori 's are firm but kind . they are knowledgeable and experienced in working with young children ( even stubborn ones like my kiddo ) . highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ive had clinical experiences and have also been a patient at uh and can honestly say they have given me the best treatment in all aspects . i was sick for months and uh finally straightened me out . i had complications after a gallbladder surgery done at medina hospital and it took months of bouncing around ccf facilities before finally asking to go to uh . i did my practicum in their mac house , which was a wonderful place for labor and delivery ! their med-surg and specialty floors have also left me feeling very positive about them . i will definitely see them in the future for my healthcare needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the doctors are a joke , they can care less about your treatment after you leave . the support staff are rude when you call . doctors do not return you voice messages or emails .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "headquarters facilities of case western 's university hospital system . hard to review the entire structure and services in one review as each department has its own personality down to the professionalism and bedside manner of each caregiver and administrator . in general , i feel this is a world-class facility in terms of medicine specialties present , the wide variety of complex medical services rendered , layout and functionality of the buildings ( despite the many years of continued expansion and merging ) , and the general perception of cleanliness and equipment health . i 've had wonderful customer service from caregivers in many departments . i 've also had the occasional substandard customer service from a doctor and nurse - but this is not the norm in my experience . unfortunately , if there 's any attitude or disservice to be expected , it 's usually from the non-caregivers such as the cashier parking office and financial administrative personnel . while i 'm actually a cleveland clinic patient now ( long story due to an uh oncologist who i felt was unprofessional ) , i continue to volunteer my time at one of the departments here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new cancer center is beautiful ! ... the architecture is very holistic and relaxing . the lerner building is beautiful , also . great staff , very professional and friendly . enjoyed lunch at wolfgang puck express , located inside the cancer center . their brick oven pizza may be the best on this planet ! ... simply delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was visiting case western to give a seminar , and by the end of the day realized that i would not be able to travel home due to pretty intense abdominal pain . i went across the street to the uh emergency room -- they immediately triaged me , brought me into a room , and took amazing care of me . they quickly ran and analyzed tests and diagnosed the problem , while keeping me as comfortable as possible . nurses were all incredibly nice and professional . this is the best er i 've ever seen . falling ill away from home is pretty stressful because you 're not familiar with the city , no one nearby to help you out -- they made a bad situation so , so much better . sincere thanks to the er .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic , world class care to rival the cleveland clinic . for betterment of cleveland -- healthy people , healthy economy , one cleveland ! the new seidman cancer center on euclid and the new ahuja medical center in beachwood are gorgeous , world class facilities . rainbow babies provides one of the top ranked neonatal care programs in the world . it 's difficult to review a system that provides truly unwanted and undesirable services ; however , illness is a part of life . and uh helps us overcome and cope with that unfortunate reality . grade : a", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would n't give you $ 1.00 for treatment at this facility or by its personnel . the racial hatred toward caucasians is palpable , and those people guilty of it made no bones about how they felt with a white man in their facility 's er . black employees treat you with such disrespect and hatred , it 's not confidence inspiring . not what i want when my life is in danger . in fact , when that nurse brings a needle and syringe to your er bedside , has it been loaded with a drug that i 'm allergic to ? another thing : i saw hospital employees walking through the er in flip-flops . what the hell ? has n't anyone in this hospital heard of how germs are spread in a hospital environment ? the hygiene of some of the female employees was so bad , i could smell their feet ( at least i 'm hoping it was their feet ) from my seat in the waiting room . one star is too good for this hospital and medical school .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband was treated in this hospital june of 2015 . his care was fine , no complaints there , so why am i writing my review now , more than one year later ? because we are still getting bills ! thirteen months after the incident we got bills from the hospital and the ambulance company for the portion the insurance did n't pay , about $ 1000 . the insurance company paid them in august of 2015 ! really ? i can only be grateful that their accounting mismanagement was n't apparent in their patient care .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great hospital system . best pediatric hospital in cleveland . great hospital for strokes and heart attacks . they have great doctors and nurses and medics . would trust them with my life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has to be the slowest er i 've ever been seated in . my sister had a fractured nose and we were there 5 hours to find that out . i know most hospitals are cold but this place is freezing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to the er with severe pain in my leg after getting hit by a car . the waiting room was close to empty . and still had to wait nearly 2 hours to be seen ! this is the ahuja hospital , the brand new complex . if you 've got an emergency head to the clinic , metro or really anyplace else . it 's insane .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "charged twice for one visit . no matter who you contacted , they could not explain the double charge or reserve , they said they would look into it , but nothing was done . they just kept threatening collections . so my we paid it . if you live in cleveland ohio , just shut up and accept inferior health care you have to pay for twice . we moved here from california to save money on housing , but did not realize we would spend that savings on the corrupt and incompetent medical systems . visits that cost 15 dollars in california cost 150 in ohio .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am not from the cleveland area but chose seidman cancer center as my first choice to be treated for breast cancer . i was so pleased with my care and treatment that if i could give it 10 stars i would . i can not say enough about not only the care but the genuine compassion this cancer center gives to the patient . the 80 mile trip each was was well worth every minute .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this hospital has a caring and curtious staff ! i received wonderful treatment from doctors , receptionists , medical technicians , and nurses . it is also one of the most advanced medical facilities i have visited .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay breakfast . staff was nice . a bit slow for a saturday morning ... took them a fee extra minutes for our food . breakfast menu on part with any fast food joint .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "local favorite due to location and price . highly recommend the southwest chicken salad , zesty and good portion size . their ( normal ) fries are great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "how they got to 2 1 2 starts will remain a puzzle to us we are from california and grew up eating the sourdough jack so when passing through and saw this jack in the box we decided to get a little taste of home well they did n't put bacon they put american cheese and they put lettuce when i pointed out the picture to ask for my bacon she looked at it like if it was the first time she had seen it do n't stop here just do n't the sofa matching is disgusting too", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok food , but this ohioan was n't impressed . clean inside , and nice bathrooms though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i discovered this location has the best sweet tea : - ) i also like the ladies that work the early morning drive through , they 're so friendly and efficient : - )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm afraid my voice joins those who thought it was going to be something special . i was very disappointed -- and not because the food was bad as it most absolutely was n't . it was a perfectly good burger ... but -- and here 's the point , not good enough to make me go back . really , i can name a 1 2 dozen places that do burgers better , bud . sometimes , my friends , the hype is just hype .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not allergic to peanuts after all ! ! ! woot ! but okay i thought i had a nut allergy after my encounter with pistachio but turns out i was wrong , and thankfully i was able to try 5 guys finally after hearing all the raves about it . it 's a typical franchise , red and white checkered pattern lines your typical burger joint . it 's a order at the counter type of place with a very small menu but the toppings available for free make it endless . the cajun fries are definitely to die for , their milkshakes thick and creamy , old school feel ! i did n't try a burger while i was here but i did enjoy a beefy hotdog with cheese and it was awesome . the staff was super friendly and attentive , they even walked around asking if we needed drink or fry refills . wow free fries ? ! i 'm in there ! ! definitely lived up to the hype my only issue was the seating was minimal and a lot of the tables were dirty from previous eaters .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm pretty much done with fastfood with the exception of chipotle and five guys , or if i 'm on the west coast , in and out burger would replace five guys on the list . 5 guys burgers are very tasty and they give you that extra scoop of fries in the bag . not to mention the self serve freestyle coca cola fountain . beef patties have no fillers or preservatives . you wo n't get those smelly burger fingers you get from other places either . is a bit pricy . you 'll dump about $ 50 on a family of four here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "simply the best , juiciest burgers made very well . their fries are excellent and i do n't care what anyone else says but no other fries even come a close second in deliciousness . we love this place ... ..the one in fairlawn is good too , but this one is the gold standard .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes , the burgers are very good , but this place 's reputation is just hype . their prices are way too high for a burger joint , and honestly , they are n't much better than mcdonalds or burger king . i mean , if you 're at the mall and are hungry for a burger , go ahead & give this place a try , but do n't go out of your way for it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dear mr. five guys ... although you are slowly killing me with cholesterol , fat and carbohydrates.. i still yurn for your supple yet meaty goodness . then you go and add to the madness by serving fresh cut french fries . its just not fair , heroine addicts get a rehab center.. what about us ? who doesnt like a good burger with free toppings , fresh cut fries and peanuts ? when making a pros and cons list of eating here.. even though they are super busy and rarely do you get a seat.. and the fact that obama eats here ... i would still walk both ways uphill in the snow with no shoes on to eat one of these burgers . i am guessing the only people who have n't eaten here are those that have n't heard of it . now you have , so go eat there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't get it . i 've tried this chain a few times and every time it 's just so greasy ! ! ! ! not my idea of a good burger but it looks like i 'm in the minority .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great burger joint . whenever we are in strongsville it 's a must eat . love the seasoned fries and the burgers are downright tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is a bit more narrow , space-wise , than the one i 'm used to , but the food is just as good and the service is efficient and friendly , as usual . it 's a great place to stop in for a customized burger of higher quality than that of what 's in the food court nearby . the fries are really good too , it 's just that i usually ca n't fit them in my stomach by the time i 've finished my burger .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'll start by saying that i am a huge five guys fan . i love the quality of their burgers , toppings and fries and their custom ordering . we were driving through the area and wanted to stop for a brief meal . at first , i was turned off when i found out it was in the mall , figuring it was in the food court . while in south park mall , it is completely accessible from outside the mall . it even has limited parking for pickup . there is outside seating as well . service was fast and friendly , and the online ordering worked like a charm . good choice to stop for good burgers and fries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "another burger chain . but i have to say , the closest northeast ohio is gon na get to a inn 'n out burger . pretty good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fresh food and by far one of the best burgers in the area . i was a little skeptic at first , but the make everything fresh and have a very simple menu that reminds me a lot of the in-n-out burger in the western u.s. fries are cut fresh and the burgers are made to order . enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their burgers get a so-so from me . the way that you order them is kind of fun though , reminds me of an in-and-out . fries are delicious too . we dared a friend of mine to try the bacon wrapped hot dog , joking because no one is stupid enough to try such a disgusting combination . he did get it though , ate about two bites of it , and pouted for the rest of the meal , blaming it on us for suggesting it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when i ate meat i loved this place . it was n't anything spectacular but it was good enough for me to pay the lil pricey price . but i think it would be neat if they added a veggie burger option .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a good place to get some greasy burgers ! they have big bins full of peanuts for patrons to eat for free . the positives : the burgers are made to order with lots of possible add ons . the burgers are tasty ; and are about the same size as a big mac ( if you pick the smaller burger ) . if you order the fries , you get a ton of them . they also have vinegar for folks that like vinegar on their fries . the negatives : the food is insanely greasy . yes i know its a burger joint , but it is n't a good sign when the brown paper bag they give your food in is about to break away from the grease . it is kind of pricey for being a burger joint . the peanuts are great but during busy hours they go everywhere . still , if you 're in the mood for a good greasy burger that is n't from burger king i would go here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stopped in for dinner at strongsville five guys and ordered a burger on a lettuce wrap . an employee in a gray shirt delivered my food and then later returned and removed my trash . i felt very welcomed . will definitely return and recommend your location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after reading all the hype when they first appeared here i was expecting to be knocked out , but it was just an average burger . i make 'em at home all the time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "five guys is an excellent burger chain with two ( soon to be three ) in the cleveland area . this one is at south park mall ( the other open one is in avon and the one opening soon is in fairview park ) and is near the main entrance . it can only be entered from the outside . the space is pretty small and minimalist . the menu is short and sweet . i had the bacon cheeseburger with lettuce , tomatoes , and onions . i also got an order of their fries ( they also have cajun fries which sound great ) . the burger was phenomenal . the two patties were juicy and flavorful . it was a nice , big burger , but not so big that you feel horribly obese after eating it . the fries were great . they were salty and full of flavor . they were also nice and thick . overall , if you 're looking for a great burger , head out to five guys and try one of their burgers . i guarantee you 'll love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after hearing all the hype about this restaurant i was quite excited to try it out . was n't busy when i went and we did n't have to wait too long . ordered a bacon burger with some toppings , was n't bad but was n't anything spectacular as i expected it to be . the bacon was over cooked a little bit but the fries were n't bad . if near by , i would n't mind going back but it is n't a first choice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "way overrated ! not a good value . overpriced burgers that are greasy . the fries are just so-so . takes a long time for fast food . the staff are friendly . located on the outside of the mall in the front closer to dillards .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "2 stars for effort . ate here on a thursday about 2 weeks ago and man was i disappointed . first of all ... it took someone over 10 minutes just to ask for drinks . i was on an hour lunch break so i was irritated . i wanted to order the `` pick two deal '' a salad and soup . the salad i wanted was n't apart of the deal so i told him to just give me the full size of what i wanted . well what i got was a wilted caesar salad and vegetable soup . i am big on meat so my meatless lunch felt like an afternoon snack . the waiter was aware of the mistake and he apologized and offered to bring me what i wanted . well i only had 20 minutes left so i declined . overall , i did n't like the vibe in this restaurant and the slow service so i will not be returning to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just opened but you can tell , it 's gon na be a spot we desperately need in the ball . those of us who want late night food or drink in the area , are stuck with bradshaws or brazwells . they are open till two , with a full menu and open for lunch ! ( that corporate booty ) . the outside patio is really nice , great people watching . our server , maggie , was phenomenal as well . sweet , on point , and ever so friendly . it is what it is people , catch a game , grab some lunch , late night drinks and nachos , or watch the cougars . welcome to ballantyne blackfinn ! i 'll be in you most weekends . edit : this place is poorly run , with consistently bad service . i avoid coming here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great location and view , nice interior , good service , but just ok food . the price point is high as you 'd expect . i ordered a few different menu items and have never been impressed , the flavors just seem on the bland side . portions are smaller than expected too , like come on ... fries are so cheap , give me more !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "even tho they have a soft opening a week ago and officially opened 3 days ago . to be able to host about 150 packer fans on this wonderful opening football sunday . all hands goes up to them . yes they have their kinks . but overall , it runs pretty smoothly.. our waitress lacey was adorable.. she check on us often.. our drinks are alway fills . our empty plates are promptly removed . our packer fan base have grown . so from the angry ale , taco mac and now black finn . overall , i was very impressed with blackfinn.. they made sure they 're fully staffed to host our group.. from what i heard.. taco mac was n't good in that department . so now we can call blackfinn our home where we can gather together and cheers on with other cheeseheads ! no doubt they will work out their kinks in no time ! so now i cant wait to go back . til next packer game . # gopackgo", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited for the first time last night and for a saturday night the place was a madhouse . still , the bartenders kept their cool , were fast on the drinks , and kept a smile on their faces throughout all the crazy . did n't eat at blackfinn last night , but their menu looked good so we stopped in just before noon today for lunch . also wanted to see the restaurant when it was n't packed wall to wall . service was really prompt and solid , which almost always is the challenge new restaurants face . the wait staff seemed very well trained and i was impressed . fish and chips were delicious . my husband loved his french dip style sandwich . i like this location much better than the uptown location . we 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately my first time here and i have to give a bad review and it 's not about food since i never got the chance to eat ! i just wasted an hour and a half waiting for a table only to be told it was going to be another 15-20 minutes . the place is crazy busy and i understand there might be a wait at 6:30 on a saturday night but over an hour wait is nuts ! i would have appreciated a text message letting me know that my original wait time of 40-45 mins would be longer so i could have made the decision to wait or take my name off the list . i 'm new to the area and certainly hope that this is n't what i can expect when i try to eat out in charlotte . i see from the other posters that this is a fairly new restaurant and i 'll give a bit of slack for that but if they want to stay is business , they have some serious kinks to work out !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was visiting charlotte last week and went there for lunch had fish taco it was great , one of the best i had next time i 'm in charlotte i 'll be there again to try something new .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! sure wish i 'd been sooner . i know blackfinn from their various other locations , but have n't been eager to try the one in ballantyne because i hate parking in that `` plaza '' -- but we decided to give it a shot on sunday . football was on the tube and the place was booming ... . i was nervous when they sat us in the far corner ( thinking our service would suffer ) , but ... . i was wrong ! service was great , food brought out promptly and was absolutely delicious ( and fresh ) . i ordered the california naked bird which was seriously worth coming back for daily ! my husband ordered the crab cakes and our wee one opted for the flatbread . i loved how one of the side choices for kids was apples w peanut butter . they were dusted with cinnamon for a little extra deliciousness . the tab was reasonable and beer specials were above par for ballantyne ... so glad they 're here and we 're soon to be regulars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty disappointed , to be honest . came here on an 85 degree day to enjoy dinner outside and instead had to sit upstairs in the freezing cold with every fan going on top of the a c because of a `` buyout '' downstairs and outside . i could n't see my meal because it was so dark , and i 'm now pretty sure there were little oranges in it , which i 'm allergic to , based on how i 'm feeling . ( they were n't mentioned in this menu item . ) it was also crazy loud . bummed i came here for my last night in town", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had made a reservation for brunch this past sunday with 14 other ladies . they put us upstairs in a semi private and quieter area which was nice . my only complaint with that area is that there is n't a bathroom upstairs . overall the experience was good . we had one waitress for 14 people which was fine until the end when we all had separate tickets . my complaint is that it 's a lot of tickets and maybe another person helping would have prevented multiple tickets from being charged incorrectly . everyone enjoyed the brunch items as well as the salads and hamburgers . we had no complaints with the food or drinks . we wanted this to be our regular place for meeting up but i 'm not sure if it will fly since several of us were charged incorrectly and were n't willing to spend another 30 minutes trying to sort it out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is just ok . the service and food are both hit-or-miss . it is a fun place to watch games though . other than that , it 's not anything outstanding or worth it to go out of your way .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disappointed to learn that one of our favorite lunch spots did away with their lunch menu ... if you are looking for lunch under $ 20 this isnt your place not to mention the service at lunch is not quite as fast as dinner . disappointing experience today overall", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had the worst service i have ever had . not only was the service slow but the heater outside went out and the management did n't seem to care . i have never had a problem before but this was unacceptable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stay away ! awful service . staff ca n't handle the amount of people coming in . worst service you can get in ballantyne .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "blackfinn is your very average sports bar restaurant . the service was fine , not great but not bad , the food was mediocre at best , very basic bar food . two great things were the draft beer selection as well as the outdoor seating . if you 're a beer drinker looking to catch up with some friends over some snacks , go for it . but if you 're looking for quality food , look elsewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a big sports bar in a nice location . there 's a patio ( with tvs , which is cool and something we do n't see where i 'm from ) . the menu is varied and the beer list is long ( yay ! ) . i had the fish taco lunch offering with rice pilaf . i 've had pilaf a zillion times as a kid and i 've got ta say , this was among the best i 've tasted ! it had little chopped veggies ( zucchini and such ) in it and it was way better than i expected . the fish tacos ( i got them fried ) were quite good too ! service was on point and our waitress was delightfully sassy ( matching me and my dining companions ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only been here once . nice establishment and the food was pretty good . however , i got up to use the restroom and ended up slipping in a big puddle of grease on the floor just outside the bathroom area . when i got home i had a huge bruise on my leg . there should n't be puddles on the floor for customers to slip in .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i know that there 's a blackfin closer to uptown or something but i 've never been so my first experience was amazing . my siblings and i were sat down in just a couple of minutes and we got the best server there , her name is sharma i believe and she was great ! she was so funny and recommended some great food . our food did not take too long to come out and it was delicious . i had a bacon wrapped meatloaf with asparagus and it was amazing it also came with some sweet potato mash but i just was n't feeling it so when we brought it to our servers attention she did us a solid and let me choose a side of mac and cheese and omg was it good . my sisters ordered the jambalaya and the chicken alfredo and those were also amazing . i highly recommend this place it is absolutely delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant deserves five stars however today they are -2 stars for the following reasons melissa the bar maid that serve me took extra napkins that i had in front of me and inadvertently put them in front of another couple that was sitting next to me probably without even realizing it then she took some clean plates and placed them in front of people but had her thumb in the middle of them hopefully she has clean hands the food i ordered was the chicken and green sandwich was absolutely delicious fries were fine the beer was fine the service was fine the place was jumping it 's a very good place i would gladly go back but i think that benjamin tribble the bar manager should retrain the bar staff how to be a little bit more professional at serving", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have been ousted 3 times now due to private parties , a dedicated gb packer bar , after spending a lot of money and ruined our plans . very short sighted management decisions by alienating your base guests . at lease send notifications on special events closures so we do n't waste our money , time , and plans . you just lost us . shame on blackfinn .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if u r looking to watch a football game other than the green bay packers , do n't bother coming here . all tvs in the bar will only be showing the packers . this is the most asinine sports bar ever ! will not be coming back here for football !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great sports bar ! very chill atmosphere and a great place to watch the games !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid spot . super busy bar area but plenty of bartenders with great service . food was pretty good . it was super loud after work on a thursday . good menu options and plenty of tvs on . we will be back for sure just not sure we will rush back . not sure why . just a feeling . give it a try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "conveniently located near shopping and the movie theater this restaurant with outdoor seating has a nice menu with very upbeat friendly service . however the inside ambience is so loud and noisy with tvs and music i would only choose outdoor seating another time . the food was good , fresh , plated nicely , with moderate portion size . the quality in my opinion ran the gamut from very good to mediocre . the fried fish was excellent , coleslaw mediocre , cut homemade fries good . my chicken avocado salad was basic and could have had more chicken and avocado in it , in my opinion , meager amounts of chicken , avocado and bacon . the green goddess dressing was excellent , i asked for extra dressing . my dining mates shrimp and linguine was very good with plenty of shrimp . prices were moderate , good menu choices ( see photos ) . the restaurant was packed on this friday night . i would try something else off the menu another time but eat outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will not be coming back . food was good but service was horrible . we arrive and wait over ten minutes to be seated as there is no hostess to be found . several servers walk by and never acknowledge we are waiting . our server sam needs some retraining . i set my empty tea glass out and she walked by probably 5 times before i spoke to the manager ben about getting a refill . he then says he will take care of it . he proceeds to have another server bring me a tea instead of doing it himself which a professional manager should have done . i 've worked in the service industry in the past and this is not acceptable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worthless bartenders . the bald one took my order and apologized for my fries and fried tomatoes were n't out 40 minutes later . then had to ask 3 times for the tab and wait another 20 to pay . skip this b squad and go somewhere that knows how to run a business", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a great restaurant sports bar with a fun uptempo vibe . a little loud if you 're trying to have a conversation with your date , but we enjoyed the patio very much ! ! the wait took forever , so be sure to do call ahead seating at least an hour in advance", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for lunch and had the blackened chicken pasta which i thoroughly enjoyed . i like its convenient location to my job , with plenty of parking in the nearby garage . also , they have an extensive menu . a little something for everyone . will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great and the service is top notch ! we 've been here a few times and it 's always crowded so there is a bit of a wait for a table but worth it . has a nice atmosphere as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very fun place and loved the vibe great service ! it was super busy but bartenders and servers were awesome . they have a really good menu . lots of tvs . the outside patio was pretty nice . i had the ying yang shrimp and it taste pretty good . i will be coming back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fun place for happy hour friendly staff . love the apps for happy hour . wish it were closer . will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere ; really friendly staff ; nice menu selection ... .much better then the average chain pub . quick bite or a couple of drinks ... good social stop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went friday night . it was packed . music was outstanding . appetizers were delish . drinks were great . salad was outstanding . we will go back very soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a wonderful lunch with family . the food was great and the server was fantastic . will definitely be back especially for game day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place for newcomers ! ask for matt - he knew the menu like the back of his hand and have great recommendations . the menu is simple but not boring .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after working in restaurants for about 7 years i have a pretty high tolerance , but was very disappointed with my visit today . stopped in for brunch and started out with mimosas and bloody marys . bloody mary was amazing . ordered the chicken and waffles and the chicken avocado salad . the salad came out wilted and completely drenched in dressing . while the chicken was fantastic , the waffles tasted like cardboard and were hard as a rock . the 2 or 3 potatoes that were on the plate tasted like they were cooked in oil that was n't hot enough . the drinks were good , but we definitely wo n't be coming back for food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "4 stars on monday thru saturday . good food selection and what we had tasted really good . really good beer selection and plenty of tv 's and seating . the problem with sunday - where to begin . too much loud music . i was there to watch football not listen to a rock concert . also , while i appreciate aarons rodgers , i was there to see him on 19 out of 20 tv 's . if you want to get an established good crowd , please , turn down the dang volume on the music a little and show someone other than the packers . ca n't wait til next sunday when it will be the panthers on 14 tv 's and the packers on the other 6 . i would return any day but sunday until they fix the problem .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first visit . apps were awful . food was just okay . service was horrible . will not be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always busy when i go there , however the service is great and the nachos are out of this world ... .love it ... two thumbs up", "score": "4"}
{"review": "despite our thursday night room temperature entree and food runner kid who has no idea what `` customer service '' means , i assure you that the server and restaurant manager were on their a game ! ! sapphire was our server and not only does she represent classic southern hospitality but she was a great communicator . the restaurant manager came by our table several times and was over the top accommodating . a cool place to be and the staff makes it worth your while .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went with a friend for dinner and drink before heading to a show . we sat upstairs as we were told it was a little quieter ( which it was ... but the place overall is very loud ) . food selection of food , i had a wedge salad with chicken and my friend got a steak , which she said was good , but a little lacking in flavor . service was very good , especially considering how busy they were . when we went downstairs to leave , it was packed ! lots of people there cheering on teams for football games . good experience . we 'll go back.. and will remember it 's not a place for quiet date night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here at least 2 times and the food was pretty good . the first time , i had a fish taco and a baby kale quinoa . the fish taco was n't too bad , it was a little salty but had potential of being really good.the second time i was even better . the waiter was awesome , he had a sense of humor and he definitely knew how to choose wine . my friend and i had him randomly choose a wine for us and his choices were on point . we ordered a blackened brie as appetizer , blackened chicken alfredo for myself , and my friend had a jambalaya . everything was extremely delicious for the both of us . i 'll definitely will be coming here a lot more often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are great . when you 've got anything in mind for your 4x4 that goes above and beyond how it rolled off the factory floor , they 've got the parts , the experience , and the know-how to get you squared away . good selection of accessories and upgrades , and there 's enough combined knowledge in store to choke a horse . labor rates are extremely fair . they can do anything from install a lift to repair a frame . there are about a million chain and local `` off-road shops '' in the valley , but 4wheelers is the only one that 's earned my trust .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got my jeep back from having them do a lift on it . the work was done ahead of time for exactly the price they quoted . everything looks great and they went out of their way to tell me to bring it back at 500 miles and they will re-check everything . they also said they 'd check re-do the alignment after i got my wheels and tires put on , which i 'm not buying from them ( private deal from another jeep guy ) . all around everyone is helpful and friendly . i trust the advice because they actually told me not to buy some of the extras i was considering . not often a store shop will turn down money for your own benefit . obviously they know that happy customers will keep coming back . as i told other jeep owners that they were doing a lift , the comments universally were , those guys are great , they 'll do a great job . ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic guys ! very honest and nobody does better work . have had them do 3 jeeps now and they have done my right every time ! a+++++++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are great for budget diy types like myself . they have a great selection of brackets , tabs , and builder parts . i have never felt awkward going in and picking they 're brain a little when i get stumped by a project , the same can not be said for some of the other shops around town . as a result , i will happily drive the 45 miles to get there while passing by a half a dozen or so shops on the way . i picked up a set of used tires , for mocking up the suspension on my willys , for dirt cheap . my only beef is that their `` showroom '' inventory seemed a little sparse the last time i was there , but i 'm sure if you ask , they 'll have it or can get it , quick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great shop great crew . i called the shop a week ago bishop made some smart suggestions on some parts and mike did a first class job installing them . i would 100 percent recommend this shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here a few times with my rubicon ; once just for to get a recommendation to install a tow plate ( quality bumper , did a great job ) ; another time to see what i was in for after i noticed my rear coils about halfway out of the cups . was thinking along the lines of a retainer and maybe have to replace the spacers as well but the staff simply told me to hang on while they brought the fork lift out , raised up the rear end , leaned in and twisted in the coils by hand ; also measured the half-to-half on the shocks and recommended a slightly shorter travel if i even wanted to prevent it from happening again ( not that my dw would ever let me get airborne ! ) . they were going to let me get out of there pro-bono but i made an appointment to have the shocks installed . returning next week for some front end work and anticipate the same honesty and simple solutions . will definitely keep them on my speed dial .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys did a great job . told me exactly what needed to be done and got it done in a timely manner . they were booked the entire week but said if i could leave the vehicle they would work on it as they could . took it in on monday and it was completed on tuesday . showed me the old parts and explained what exactly had happened to them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did an excellent job for my new bumper , winch and rails !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had a metalcloak game changer arb edition lift installed and absolutely love it . these guys did everything they said they would do and at a fair price , on-time and a great job on the install . barry was very knowledgeable and took the time to explain where i should spend money and where i did n't need to . i have since returned to order bumpers , spare tire carrier and rocker guards . barry , simon and dan are all great to work with . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4 wheelers supply is one of the most knowledgeable places in town for simple to extremely complex work . they have done everything from crazy custom suspensions work for me to more standard locker and gear replacement . i could n't recommend them more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "keep on walking if you drive one of those 'jap things ' with junk kdss . unless you 're running a 73 gmc ford dodge with a straight axle , forget it . unfortunately ( ? ) i drive one of those asian 4wd 'jap things ' so i was given a pretty condescending quote on a minor lift kit . basically felt like i was wasting his time asking for help . horrible . just horrible . i 'm literally ready to give thousands to a nice , friendly accessory dealer in exchange for a little parts and service - that will never happen here . if you drive that 'foreign junk ' then keep on looking . once i nail down a good 'jap ' accessory dealer installer i 'll certainly post it on yelp . stay tuned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "discovered this place from my `` indie coffee passport '' . went for a morning coffee , but decided to stay for breakfast . ordered the `` baked french toast '' , wow it was very good . nice small place , quite , good food and friendly services . i would go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is delicious and always so fresh . it 's not heavy or greasy , just good quality ingredients . this place is always packed for lunch but the recently just opened for dinner ! ! ! tuesday thru sun they are open until 9:30pm . i love this little french inspired bistro and hope it stays open . give it a try and spread the word ! also , excellent wine selection ! the parisian owner pascal is lovely and has a lot of pride and love when it comes to his food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely flavors and friendly staff . had the vegetarian spinach pancakes as well as a veggie sandwich - both with the amazing potato salad on the side .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've come here twice now . first for coffee tea and a cookie . second for brunch . the tea is higher quality than what you 'd find at most cafes in the city - very fragrant and flavourful . the baked goods are excellent . had the croque monsieur , farcou , and ploughman 's breakfast . were n't too interested in some of the offerings in the ploughman 's breakfast but the farcou and croque monsieur were impeccable and well-priced . perhaps the ploughman 's is for more adventurous eaters . this was the first time i 'd gone for brunch in ages where i did n't have to wait in a line for a table . what a refreshing change ! also , staff was super friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an elegant lunch joint a bit west of p|m gallery . and our favourite place for an americano on the little portugal strip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't live in the neighbourhood anymore , but when i did , i went to bivy multiple times for brunch and was never disappointed . it 's a little brunch place that is really chill , the menu is small and simple and the food is great . i 've had their omelette and their quiche and was not always happy with my choice . good portion but not a gigantic plate of food that would make me feel sick for the rest of the day . their prices are fair . no line , no loud music , no pretentious waiter . my kind of place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first visit to bivy was during the duwest sidewalk sale . i went in when they were slammed and waited quite a while for a take out order . the wait was worth it . i had a house cured salmon sandwich and it was great . my wife and i just went for brunch today and i had the french pancakes with again their house cured salmon , a nice mixed green salad and potato salad , which i believe comes with every dish . my only suggestion would be some form of creme fresh or sour cream to compliment . friendly service , and a nice atmosphere , complements your experience . i 'll definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i recently moved into the area and bivy happens to be just down the street . as we saw they were now serving dinner we wanted to give it a try . overall we were shocked by how good the food and service were from the salad to the mussels and the duck confit . best of all is the price which you would expect to pay double for . we go out to eat about once a week all over the west end and this was one of the best dinner experiences we have had in a while .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the most unassuming , underrated , unsung hero in the dundas west strip . i never meet anyone who 's heard of it or has been to it but i bring people anytime i need a good brunch or lunch . the chicken salad is packed with great stuff and so reasonably priced , the omelettes are always perfect , and the one time i came for dinner i had the jerk mussels which were excellent ! it 's so inexpensive and so delicious , the only thing i 'm nervous about is that everyone is going to catch on and i 'll have to wait to get a seat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh food from whole ingredients , consistently prepared well . great coffee . reasonable prices . friendly , unpretentious service . been here many times , and it 's always been good . what else do you want ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "second time there for brunch , delicious . my friend had the brisket and i had the croque monsieur , she loved hers and wanted mine too . the croque was delicious and we both agreed it was one up on bonjour brioche - which has held this accolade for some time ! i do suggest you try it . the other thing i have here is the farmers salad which just makes me feel happy and well fed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good portion sizes and yummy food . this is a reliable lunch brunch spot that is a very relaxing place to hang around during the weekdays . i almost always get the spinach pancakes with house smoked salmon ( weekends ) or bacon ( weekdays ) . as well , delicious cookies , and shortbreads are only 3 for $ 1.50 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so , nobody knows this place is now open for dinners , apparently ... which is better for me because i 'll be hitting this place weekends on the regular . no wait , great service , delish food and the place all to yourself . ... i have a feeling i 'm going to be regretting writing this review very soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the brunch is one of the best , and most affordable in the city . you rarely have to wait for a table and the service is good . that makes bivy a real gem in the often over-priced , over-hyped toronto restaurant scene . everything on the brunch menu is great but i would highlight the croque , the farcou ( original version ) , the tartiflette and the french toast . their potato salad and green salads are always fresh and delicious . i 'm told the coffee is excellent ( i 'm a tea drinker - their selection is good ) . i have sampled the dinner menu much less but the pulled pork sandwich is good - excellent flavour - and the frites are great . excellent value , excellent food and a lovely atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place . a bit of a diamond in the rough of that area . started with the charcuterie to share amongst the three of us . wonderful while chatting and sipping a wine . i thoroughly enjoyed my salmon entr\u00e9e but was able to share the steak that my wife had and would order that next time . the duck was also delicious and i enjoyed that as well . service ( by patrick ) was discreet and relaxed to fit the ambiance . worth a trip to that part of town for food from a genuine french chef and owner pascal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "music by monkees ! ! away from hustle and bustle . great food and good coffee awesome service what else can you ask for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my partner and i took our moms here , as we had heard good things . we were not disappointed . everything from the mains to the sides to the coffee were exceptional . the fresh goat cheese , the spinach pancakes , the salads , the quiche . perfect portions and delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place . the food is really good but what impressed me the most were the prices . it is cheaper than swiss chalet ( aka swiss pigeon ) and like 10x better quality . i had duck confit and my father had the ribs , both were great and cheap .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this hidden gem was the perfect place to have lunch and a catch up session with an old friend . we came on a weekday , and it was pretty full already . the menu is a pseudo all day breakfast fare with some lunch options too . i like that they have something different . farcous is a spinach pancake , flat and crispy . they have a traditional which is mixed also with red onion and cheddar , among others like with smoked meat . it comes with a big salad . my friend got the ploughmans platter , a mix of smoked salmon , hard boiled egg , pate with a salad and other things . it was okay , and perfect to share both dishes . i would n't come out of my way to eat here , but if you 're in the area , definitely check it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here today during the dundas west fest , i have n't explored this side of the city yet and had no clue where to eat , my stomach was growling and this cafe appeared at just the right time . we were greeted by a very smiley young man who gave us a quick run down on the menu ( the sandwiches were on special if we ate outside due to the festival ) . i ordered the eastern ( sun dried tomato hummus + roasted red peppers + goat cheese + baby spinach ) and the man in my life ordered the tuna twist ( flaked tuna + mayo + avocado + hard-boiled egg ) . wow both sandwiches were divine , extremely fresh and tasty . after a couple of bites the lower half of my face was covered in red hummus , its the kind of mess you just want more of , luckily for me the man in my life has seen it all before . until the next time bivy , thank you ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great find ! wandered in for lunch as there are n't many options in the neighborhood . had a wonderful open faced tuna sandwich served with lots of fresh salad . my bf had the farcous which was also excellent . friendly staff and reasonable prices . planning to go back to try their home-cured salmon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my mom here for her first slurpee and the cherry did not seem to be working very well . the light was off so it was supposed to be ready , but it was not . too bad . store was clean and the customer service was fine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the gas prices always seem reasonable and lower on average here and they sell 2 five hour energy black labels for $ 6 . i like the two 1 liter water bottles for $ 2 too . what else can i say about a 7-11 . i just wanted 1st review credits . ha !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have n't been to this 7-11 for nearly 6 years . and now i remember why . the same incompetent workers are somehow still working at this location . the asian man is extremely rude and does not listen to anyone . he treated his customers like they were pests and could n't get rid of us fast enough . to top it off , he walks around with some sense of entitlement , like he is better than anyone else in the world . the older lady seemed nice enough until you ask her a question which she proceeded to acknowledge but then go about her activites and ignore you like you were an inconvenience to interrupt her . i do n't know what is wrong with these employees , but seriously , a little bit of niceness would go a long way . maybe they need a change of workforce .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went in for a haircut here . the hair stylist rushed me and when i wanted to discuss what suited me he was like its up to you . i did not like that . he did not speak a word after that . i decided to go for bangs and then he spoke a word that i should n't . i still went ahead with it and it suited me a lot . i also found it over pricy i was told it would cost $ 70 but they charged me $ 90 just because of hair volume which does not make sense . my hair wash was rushed . he also told me to hurry up as he has other appointments just 1 min after walking in . at the end i liked the hair cut but just because of the service i 'll not go back here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would n't recommend this salon to anyone getting waxing done . the customer service at the front desk was terrible , they have a waiting room before you enter the `` spa area '' but i was n't even offered to wait inside and sit . instead i stood there for 15 minutes while the receptionist ignored me . i asked how much longer and she said you can come in and follow the eyebrow waxing lady who just walked away . i called the receptionist back out to see where i was supposed to go and she escorted me to the back and asked me for the third time what i was getting waxed . the eyebrow lady came out with attitude so i decided to leave the place . terrible customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i never made it into the salon . called about services and receptionist was rude . i wo n't be visiting this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow , these reviews are pretty harsh . i 've been coming here for a little over a year , and i 've never once had a bad experience . i always come to see lin . if you want an edgy cut , she 's the girl for the job . sometimes i 'll bring in a picture , other times i wo n't . sometimes i 'll just get a trim , other times i 'll shake it up and do something different . no matter what , lin always does an amazing job . i ca n't say anything bad about her work . i agree that some of their receptionists can be somewhat rude , but i just take it with a grain of salt . it 's not like you 're hanging around at the reception desk for a long time anyway .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dominic is the best for haircutting styling , and alex for colouring ! ! happy with everything from front entrance ( first impression ) to actual style colour to washing stations !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i cut my hair here from 2004-2007 . i had no problems with them at all . i have tried stylists ranging from level 1 - 4 . aj was probably the best ( also the most expensive ) . but my hair looked amazing when he cut it the first time . i also liked lindsay . she was very friendly but sadly she left to work for a cruiseline : ( they are quite nice there . but it can get a bit pricey . $ 35 - $ 65 . much more frugal if you 're a man . $ 25 - 35 . in addition to salon services , they also do some spa treatments .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was sceptical to get an ombre done but after my first hair color appointment with alex at debarardinis , i am in love ! he is my official color guy . i trust him completely when it comes to picking the right color for my hair and what style i should go for ( streaks , highlights or ombre ) . for hair cuts and styles , i have tried claudio and daniel - both gentleman are amazing and know how to choose the right cut for you ! i usually bring a picture of what i want but i love how these gentleman personalize it and make it my own .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good friendly service , sometimes they feel a bit uppity but i usually squash that quickly with my great charm . full service station . they have a laundry list of things they can do for you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "deberardinis is an excellent place to come for a nice relaxing shampoo , i guarantee you 'll turn into putty while having you scalp massage done . all the stylists are excellent at what they do . they do their very best to give the style that your looking for or suggest what would look better on you based on your hair type and complextion . the girls in the spa are also excellent at what they do , wether it 's a relaxing massage , waxing , threading , facials or mani 's and pedi 's . enjoy a nice beverage - coffee , tea , cappiuchino or water while getting your services done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently went to de berardini 's for the first time , on the recommendation of my girlfriend , to try a wax for those annoying facial hairs in areas that are hard to take care of yourself with plucking . i was told in the past that waxing for such a big deal and it hurt and all sorts of drama of that nature but , i found that having a wax done , even on my face , was such a nothing thing . i do n't know why guys especially crank like kids after a wax . the esthetician 's at de berardini 's were total pro 's and they made the experience nothing more then a brief very mild discomfort . i suggest if any guys are considering getting that hair between your eye brows taken care of , you should try this establishment , very professional .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been getting my hair and services done here for years and never had a bad experience . everyone here is so kind , helpful and professional . i have gotten waxing , pedicures , hair colour cuts , and facials from consistently awesome people , too many to list . i love this place , you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "want the best men 's hair cut ? see dom at de beradinis . scalp massages and pumpkin spice lattes included . i have been going to dom for years and commute from across the city for his on point don draper comb-over cut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been getting manicures and pedicures here for a couple years , i always see mary who is wonderful . she is very detailed and a perfectionist about her work which is great ! i 've also seen ping for facials and she 's not bad , very blunt but that 's fine . i 've had my hair done here once for an event and it was ok - i would n't leave my regular hairdresser to come here . the reception staff has never been great , they seem to hire girls who are really good at doing nothing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing place to get your hair cut location : right in fairview mall . super easy to get to by car or transit . the entrance is right under a skylight , so its always nice and bright . quality : i got my hair cut by mitra . she is extremely nice , and did an incredible job . they are full service and very friendly . they always offer me a free latte or cappuccino , wash cut and style my hair . and it always comes put incredible . price : compared to other male hair cut prices , its a bit up there . my hair cut costed me $ 40 plus a tip . but i would say its well worth it . i highly reccommend de beradinis for haircuts ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for the first time today and had a very pleasant experience with my hair cut ! i wanted to donate 10 inches of my hair and then have it styled . stephanie was very helpful as she measured my hair and made sure she was n't cutting off too much as per my preference to keep as much length as possible . after the 10 inch chop , my hair was washed along with a nice head massage . i was offered a beverage and then stephanie proceeded to give me a very nice layered bob cut . i was not charged extra for long hair because of the chop donation , which i thought was very thoughtful and reasonable . i would highly recommend this salon and would come here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been coming here for over 15 years now . domenic gives me a fresh cut and i 've never been disappointed . had some waxing done a few times and they are pretty good at that too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst service i have ever got\uff01if you do n't pay extra for the blow dry , you have to dry your hair by yourself after treatment . no one help you to air dry the hair . more , the brushes at the blow dry station are dirty !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "definitely recommend this salon ! the service and friendliness is . when i frequent this salon i see domenic as he 's up to snuff with the current trends and truly listens to what you 're looking for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for a few brazilians . great service and atmosphere . very clean . i dont remember the girl that waxed me but shes no longer there . she was quick and very professional . very minimal pain and great results . i had a terrible first brazilian experience in aurora around the same time . i highly recommend for waxing . im not sure about other services though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never been to this salon before so i was a bit nervous and taking a big risk since i had just taken out my hair extensions and needed a cut on my already short hair . my hair was also very damaged since i had previously had it silver ( which is a lot of bleaching ) . i was so lucky to have joanna ( or joanne ) do my color ... she really is a genius ! she was straight forward , listened to what i wanted then told me realistically what she could do without killing my hair . i love what she did ... i do n't think it could have gotten any better . i had someone else do my hair ( i forget her name but she is german ) and she was very confident and i explained to her what i was looking to do and she made it look better than i ever could have imagined . i am so happy i made an appointment at this salon and i will be returning in the future . thank you deberardinis !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best salon and spa in the city hands down ! i 've been going to deberardinis for over 10 years and travel from downtown toronto so i can enjoy the 5 star treatment . even my girlfriend switched from her salon after she came with me for one appointment . a true testament to the level of quality this salon offers . from the second you arrive for your appointment you are treated with the most professional and welcoming attitude from each and every one of the employees . would absolutely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in on black friday , as i was desperate for a hair lift . saw that they had a promotion going on for christmas ( hair color + treatment + haircut for $ 130.00 ) . they quickly took me in and the hair colourist gave me a quick consultation on choosing the hair color . we decided on a darker brown to cover up my damaged hair . after the hair color , which turned out great , she directed me to nick for the hair cut . i wanted to keep it simple , and clean so he gave me a nice trim and layers . nick did an awesome blow dry , and i ended up loving the results ! overall great experience ! i would definitely come back . the only reason i did n't give it a 5 star was because the wash stations seemed a bit out of date . other than that . great salon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is really a hit or miss with level one stylists , i would not recommend because of the attitude of some of the staff .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not that amazing for the price they charge . alex is great for colour ! he really knows what he 's doing , takes his time and does a lovely job . helped fix a disgusting dip dye i got a few years ago and since then i love going to him for colour ! for cuts , i 've had on and off experiences . i do dry cuts , and last time i went i was very unimpressed with a ) having to pay $ 90 for a dry cut ( my hair is 2 inches below my shoulders ) and b ) having them not re-straighten my hair before cutting it ( despite obvious kinks ? ? ) . they do brows okay but nothing spectacular either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was having a problem with my sprinkler system not working . i decided to call dave and i am so glad i did . he asked what the issue was and walked me through how to fix it over the phone . so great to know there are still fellow honest business owners in the world ... thanks dave ! your my sprinkler guy for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have called dave out a couple of times to resolve some issues with my sprinkler system . he is always very helpful and takes the time to explain what the issue is and how that functions with your sprinkler system . the first time he came out after i broke a control valve trying to be mr handy . he replaced it quickly and at a reasonable price . he just came out today because my system had no pressure . he replaced my pressure vacuum breaker and then rebuilt 3 valves that were super old . again very reasonably priced . i will for sure use him again in the future and will recommend him to anyone that needs sprinkler repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after multiple phone calls to other companies , dave handled my call personally and got the repair work done properly and ahead of schedule . nice work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife had ripped up the irrigation system in the backyard because it ran along the exposed edge of our patio . she tried to bury it but found out the adapters did n't fit the hoses and was in a quandary . she called dave 's sprinkler repair . he arrived the next day and was initially reluctant due to the size of the parts . but he changed them successfully and it works great now . thanks dave !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to begin with , i never had this guy out to repair anything . i spoke with him on the phone and , even though his listing says same day repairs , it was going to be at least 6 days before he could come out . service fee diagnostic fee seemed reasonable , but he wo n't set an appt without knowing what the problem is , and he wo n't know what it is without coming out . ? ? ? ? he wants me to tell him what the problem is . i 've described it as best as i can but he still has no idea . then he said i was interrupting . he sounded like i was on speaker though probably not , just bad connection . then before i could say any more , he said he could n't help me and hung up . wtf ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've heard great things about this place but it was just ok . i ordered a few carne asada tacos and they were decent , you ca n't really mess those up . i was unpleasantly surprised that the tacos ( street taco size ) only came with one tortilla . so needless to say , my tacos fell apart quickly . i also did n't really like the service . i was n't welcomed in , i greeted the cashier when i walked in . she was sitting at a booth watching tv btw . i felt like i was keeping her from watching her show and i was just picking up a take out order , still felt like i was interrupting . it was n't a language barrier excise either , she spoke perfect english . anyway , it 's decent just nothing to write home about . you decide .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you are looking for spicy mexican food , this is not the place . the salsa , beans and rice are very bland . the enchiladas , both cheese and chicken , were good . the waitress was friendly and efficient . will try again , possibly breakfast next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best tacos i 've had in years . home made tortillas , green chile and pastor were so good . will definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped in for dinner on father 's day . everything was great . this is a family run business so the people were awesome . why in the world would you eat at some lousy fast food joint when you can heat here ? we 'll defiantly eat here more often . a great find !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the first mexican restaurant that has real homemade food . from homemade beans to tortillas ! i love it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm sorry to say this family owned restaurant has fallen a few stars because the taste of the food has degraded somewhat and they never have agua fresca ! ! i 'm sorry to say that if they continue this route , this will be another restaurant that will fail , buti hope they do n't .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has great tacos and the tortillas were hand made ! there was a lot to chose from on the menu . i did 4 stars because i checked yelp before we went and i was super excited to try the aguas frescas but they did n't have any made today . it was our 1st time in and we will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just got a coupon off the grocery store receipt at fry 's on 67th avenue and bethany home for tacos toro negro . i went and just ate the best chimichanga in arizona at this place . if there was a six stars , they would be getting it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in tonight and had an awesome dinner with my wife . the meal was perfect , small family owned taco shop with great food , we will be back ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't normally write reviews for subways ( sorry ) . but this place deserves a review . i just witnessed the most kind display of humanity today by the guys working this restaurant . they were also extremely friendly and helpful to all customers . i sure as heck would come back here . 5 star for super employees . 3 stars for being subway .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "like the others , do n't normally leave a review for fast food , but the service is top notch , they 'll greet you , are polite , do n't skimp on toppings at all , and i even got a free cookie ! great managerial staff there . this place is n't by my work , but if i 'm in the mood for a quick lunch , i 'll drive to this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as frequent subway eaters , my wife and i have eaten at several of them all over . this was the best subway experience i 've ever had . we walked into a clean and delicious smelling store , fresh bread on the air , as they were being removed from the oven . dan was working solo , and was very polite . working by himself was a little challenging , as people started to line up behind us , but dan took his time to make each sandwich perfect . the food looked fresh , clean , and had good crunch to the veggies . the avocado was bright and tasted so good . cookie racks were full and the cookies smelled and tasted exactly as they should . our sandwiches were perfect , bot just slapped together . dan offered to wrap our leftovers , to take with us , and labeled the sandwiches for our convenience . all in all , it was as perfect a trip as i could ask for . this location is easily 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , nice service , good prices ! to start this review off obviously i should start with the most important aspect of my visit . the food was absolutely delicious . i found it to be a very authentic thai restaurant with decent size portions and really good prices ! our waitress was friendly and kept our water cups full as we ate our delicious food . the atmosphere was clean and inviting . we found a spot on yelp because of its high five star rating on food and were not disappointed at all ! this place deserves it 's five star rating for sure . stop by and give them a taste you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here a couple of times and always been good today i ordered kua kai ( rice noodles with chicken , egg , been sprout ) it was delicious price was reasonable the wait staff is very friendly do n't forget to check in for free thai tea", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great little place ! it was totally empty when we got here , but it must be because the secret is not out yet ! we did the yelp check in and got a free thai iced tea , which was one of the best ones i 've ever had ! between us we ordered the extra crispy dumplings , edamame , evil noodles , pineapple fried rice and pad see ew . we also ordered the mango & sticky rice dessert . every single thing was delicious . we had quite a debate over whose meal was the best ; ) . our server was very sweet , and super attentive , our drinks barely ever got lower than 1 2 full . we will definitely be back and highly recommend ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i are regular users of eat24 's delivery service , but we often get tired of the same places that deliver to our neighborhood . so imagine my delight when i logged on this evening to see a new thai place with delivery available -- and with nearly 5 stars ! we ordered around 7:45 and had our delivery by 8:15 ( which is pretty fast for delivery in this area ) . the delivery guy was super friendly . he even addressed me by name when handing me the food , which is a nice touch ( and something the majority of delivery drivers do n't do ) . and the food was delish ! i ordered pad thai , and my husband ordered pad khing sod . both were super tasty , fresh and with just the right level of spiciness . so glad to have soda bun thai in our neighborhood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the phone and in house service was great . food was tasty . i 'll be back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great thai food and friendly service ! i usually order for take out and my food is ready in 15-20 minutes . i recommend the evil noodles !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best thai restaurant in town ! ! feeling like my hometown with warm heart owner and the most impressive manager ! i would recommend this place to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great first impression . will definitely visit again . had some friends over and we ordered dinner & dessert for 4 adults & 4 kids . smiles all around . the coconut rice with mango was a big hit with the kids .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent thai food . we ordered drunken noodles , pad kee now and spring rolls . for dessert we ordered mango sticky rice with a side of coconut ice cream . the service was excellent and food was very memorable . highly recommended ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think i just found my new favorite thai dish . evil noodles . do n't be scared by the name , these noodles are angelic . spicy , but perfectly balanced with flavors . seriously good . gf had pad thai , their sauce is so rich and full of flavor , one of the better pad thai 's i 've ever had . thai iced tea for free check in is a no brainer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked in to order and the ladies taking orders were very nice . told me that it would take 10 min , which i thought that would be fast . i do n't even think it took that long . i have been looking for a good pad thai , this place exceeded my expectations . just enough spice for me , enough tasty sauce , noodles cooked perfectly and tender shrimp . my husband got the thai fried rice and we asked for it to be spicy and it was perfectly spicy for him . we will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a saying that you ca n't find bad thai food anywhere . and although the food here was n't bad , it was definitely in the -- meh -- category ! i ordered a dish with shrimp in it , and told the waitress that i would like extra shrimp . she told me there was a surcharge , which i saw on the menu there would be , but i could n't figure out what the dish would have looked like without the bonus shrimp ! and by thai standards , the eggplant with shrimp dish was just ... bland ! here 's something tragically funny : on the window facing the parking lot , the large letters proclaim `` thai food at best '' . i thought it was a typo ( thai food at its best ) , but it turns out that it was correct the first time !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious thai food and great service . started with the fresh rolls . i had the devil noodles `` thai hot '' my mum had the panang beef . yummy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic ! ! great place to visit . all the dishes we ordered were delicious . our party had 8 of us so we tried a lot of different dishes . if you like spicy this place delivers . every dish came out hot and well plated . service was great and the restaurant was clean . to top all this off they take polaroid pics of your party so you can hang on the walls to tell others you were there . great place and i plan on visiting again when we are back in az !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this new thai restaurant is relatively small , but has a nice , clean interior . the lunch special starts at $ 6.95 , and weekly entree specials are posted outside , from which i chose a variation of drunken noodles that included chicken and shiitake mushrooms . i also ordered a thai ice tea , which was similarly good to that of other thai restaurants . the food was prepared impressively quick , leaving me with most of my tea left to enjoy with the meal . the noodles had a nice balance of spice ( at the medium heat level ) without being overwhelming . i was able to try a bit of the `` jungle curry '' special as well . it was made with a red curry base that had an excellent flavor . a complementary dessert in the form of beautifully realistic gelatin peppers was served at the end of the meal . they were filled with a type of mildly sweet bean paste .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soda bun . the best thai place in mesa . the food is always on point . fresh and flavorful . they use the freshest ingredients and are consistent on everything they make . the family run restaurant is a true delight ! the staff is always friendly and caring toward their customers . i have eaten there at least once a week since they opened . try anything on the menu from appetizers to dessert ... you will not be disappointed . i hope you will try them out for a sit down and eat in or take-out treat . enjoy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am particular about food quality and of course , taste . the food here is very fresh and tasty ! the service is great and i always feel welcome . i 'm glad soda bun is in our neighborhood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "boyfriend and i stopped in for a weeknight dinner because we were exhausted and did n't want to cook but did n't want fast food . this place is so clean , small , and has amazing service and food ! quick plates came out , waters refilled without asking and even great prices . we will now be regulars ! ! ! two thumbs way up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just discovered this gem . the food here is very fresh and full of flavor . my son and i usually order the red curry and the fresh rolls . i love that the restaurant is gluten free with their noodle dishes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food . curries are good , i love the evil noodles . i 'm vegan and they 're super accommodating . it runs spicy , but i prefer it that way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unpretentious , comfortable atmosphere ... great service . food great and not huge , overwhelming quantities . yum .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good real thai food ! ! super delicious ! ! check in here with yelp ! get free thai ice tea . staff very nice , friendly and beautiful thai girl . i will be back again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is so bomb . had the best pad thai and the most delicious mango sticky rice ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "according to the website , soda bun stands for the person going to nirv\u0101na . i was there yesterday afternoon ! i had my food delivered to my door . i ordered the dumplings , pad thai , and cha yen ( thai iced tea ) . i ordered dumplings because i thought they 'd be more like moneybags , however , they were more like pot stickers . nonetheless , i appreciated the crispiness to them . the pad thai , was crunchy , spicy , and delicious ; i ordered it with shrimp . finally , the cha yen was delicious , however , the cup size and amount of ice left much to be desired . nevertheless , i appreciate soda bun for delivering and being close by for me to order from . the best part about delivery , no fee . bonus points for polite delivery man .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my family ( who hate trying new things ) to soda bun for the first time and they loved it . as did i . everything was noticeably fresh , we tried several dishes and all where delicious , prices where fair , and service was personable and efficient . we will definitely eat here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the thai tea . fresh roll and red curry . i ordered it thai hot since i 've had it before . i must say . it truly was hot . lol . but i ate it all . thanks to the mexican in me i handled it like a champ . very unique place . super cute .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was n't a thai lover until today . i read all the reviews and my partner loves thai so i thought we would try it . i am now a concerted thai cuisine lover . we were greeted with a warm and happy hello from the time we walked in . the decor was warm yet chic and the place was immaculate . i used my check in gift to try thai tea and it was a treat to my taste buds..i ordered pineapple fried rice and my partner had padtai ( probably spelled wrong ) . the food came out plated just right . the taste was everything ! ! ! ! ! ! we fully enjoyed our meal and the attentive servers . i left feeling ashamed that i had never tried thai until today but my experience today has changed me forever . try this place , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really , really good thai food ! the restaurant is super clean and the staff is very friendly . make sure you try the thai tea if you go . i had the yellow curry and veggie rolls . everything was excellent ! stoked they are in my neighborhood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tasty food . great service . only been there twice , the owner remembered my previous order . lunch special is a good deal . the thai tea is right amount of sweetness . the tom yang noodle is very special , which i have never seen in other thai restaurants in phx . the spiciness does n't come down too much like a lot of other thai restaurants .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was excellent . very friendly and efficient ! the food was delicious ! both my husband and i ordered our dishes `` medium '' and they packed a punch ! so if you are sensitive to spicy food , go with mild ! the veggies were cut fresh and the meat was good quality . will definitely be returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the pad thai and the green curry . the green curry is pretty spicy so you might want to ask them to turn it down a little if you 're a weak white boy like me . the quality of the food was exceptional . honestly , being a single $ establishment i anticipated lower quality food . i typically look for two $ $ or higher . however i must say the chicken was fresh tasting as was all the vegetable dishes . i would give this place only four stars if it was more expensive but for the price it is a five star value . i will definitely be eating here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered the spicy shrimp fired rice and it was real good and had about 6-8 pcs of shrimp ! small mom and pop place but good quality food and very clean !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy cow , this place is awesome . just discovered that this place is right around the corner from me and they deliver and they have online ordering . the food is awesome too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ambiance is adorable and they take your picture at the end on an instant camera where the pictures are all over a side wall . so cute : ) i got the yellow curry , my friend got the drunken noodles , and we shared the fried banana ice cream at the end . it was so good . i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "authentic family owned business with mom and dad cooking amazing food in the kitchen . the son and daughter wait tables . food is fantastic . the pad thai chicken and panang curry chicken are delicious ! we will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the shrimp pad thai is amazing ! i always get chicken skewers and shrimp spring rolls also with extra peanut sauce . one of my favorite thai restaurants around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've enjoyed numerous dishes at this restaurant now and everything has been extremely well prepared with excellent flavor . after experiencing thai food in seattle for years , this is the first restaurant in the east valley that i have found gets anywhere near the degree of authentic ingredients and preparation style that i was used to . go and eat and enjoy the food . you 'll be glad you did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is nice , i have to admit it . however , it was too spicy for me and my wife . there was a dish on the menu i asked for which was supposed to be not spicy at all ( according to the spicy scale ) , but it was actually spicy . i also want to highlight that the owner 's service is fantastic , and this is something i really appreciate . i would love to be back soon , however , i am not sure if i will be able in the short term .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food , enjoyed everything i ordered ! ! the steamed veggies were super fresh and delicious . fresh rolls were excellent pad thai was very good . will be back ! online ordering worked very well , really like that option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here . came for the lunch special . was super good with a super friendly host : - ) will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exactly what i was looking for ! everything was good but the red curry and the fried bananas were killer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have eaten in two times and for the first time ordered online . i liked how easy their website is to navigate . the food was just as delicious and the portions were abundant even with the take out . my favorite is the shrimp pineapple curry , and the fresh rolls . my husband is a picky about portions , he likes big man size portions and he is always satisfied with whatever he orders . its a cute little place with very sweet staff . i hope the quality remains high so we can continue to curb our thai food cravings !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this tiny little gem . came for dinner with a friend and it was awesome . it is small so get there early otherwise you may have to wait . the service is great and they have the best rice ! went back for lunch a week or so later and they have great lunch menu that is very affordable and fast but still good quality . i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i ate here for lunch . i had the green curry chicken , he had the spicy basil chicken . both were delicious ! heat level was medium as promised . portions for the lunch special are good for the price . service and ambiance were delightful . we have been looking for a good thai place near both of our offices and we have found it - we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time visiting soda bun today and my boyfriend and i were very impressed to say the least ! clean , quaint and intimate space with a super friendly staff . it was quiet when we were there so our food came out ridiculously fast . we ordered the fresh roll and shrimp tempura to start with , both tasty and well portioned . i ordered the pad thai and it was by far the best pad thai i 've ever had . i 'm one of those that likes to add spice to the dish once it comes out and it was perfect . ( if you ask , they will bring you a platter with sambal , sriracha , soy sauce , pickled jalape\u00f1o and crushed peppers ) we were so happy to have found a great thai place that serves excellent food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took the family here to try something new and we were not disappointed . the wife and i tried the tom gai ? soup and it was really spicy . for entrees we had yellow curry , panang curry , and the pad thai . all 3 dishes were really good . i 'd recommend this place to anyone . service was good and the restaurant was clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is what you want . fabulous thai food ! as a thai food lover , we have our favorite 3 places in the valley . this place is now in rotation . utterly satisfying . i had the thai fried rice , medium heat ... girlfriend had pad see ew which she thoroughly loved . ( and i finished for her ) . we handed back two clean plates . just be careful about the heat , medium was more like medium-hot . so , play it on the safe side when they ask `` how hot '' ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food & delicious thai tea . thanks for great customer service and good thai food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved here a year and a half ago and have had some just ok thai food . i saw the reviews for this place and had to try it . i was not disappointed ! ! ! i got the steamed dumplings , pad thai ( medium ) and panang curry . i can not wait to go back and try their other menu items ! ! this is the best thai food i have ever had ! i do n't think i will go to another thai place again ! i recommend this to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered my food over the phone and it was ready within 15 minutes . service was friendly . i ordered the drunken noodles with chicken and a thai iced tea . both were delicious . everything was at a reasonable price as well . thai food is one of my absolute favorites , i 'm thrilled that this restaurant is near my new job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place for the first time , had the yellow curry . food was awesome , was a bit more spicy for being mild but still great . helped clear out my sinuses", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food , the taste is very thai ! but the size of the dishes are a little bit small compared with price . if they improve this issue will be a great restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "all the good reviews must be fake . i 've never had such horrible food in my life ! the side of black hair and piece of plastic bag in my food topped off a wonderful experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a nice new gem in the dobson ranch area . simple thai food served with care and with a very friendly family serving the food . definitely give this place a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "three of us went there and ordered : -evil noodle : wife had to go restroom after eating this ( very evil ) -pad seew : just ok..i would rate 7 out of 10 -panang beef : very little meat imo -fresh roll : really good and i like it . beware when asking extra sauce ( 2 oz cup ) ..they charge $ 1.50 without telling you in the bill .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went in for dinner , order the drunkennoodles w beef , it comes with a medium spice level , it was really good ! i checked in and received the free thai iced tea , it was good , my first time trying it . service was prompt and friendly . will definitely be back to try one of the lunch specials .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exceptional service and great flavorful thai food . i 've come back 3 times since first trying soda bun and have never been anything short of impressed . pricing is also exceptionally reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soda bun thai food was quite great . the restaurant 's name had me unsure of what to expect , but i did enjoy my experience . i order a steamed tofu pad thai with the `` medium '' level of spiciness . i did n't realize the mild had a decent amount of spicy on its own , so the medium definitely had a kick . the dish tasted delicious and had a great presentation which i feel often times is overlooked . the space itself is small but cozy with the unique lighting and wall of polaroids . i also checked in on yelp and received a free thai iced coffee which was absolutely delicious and not a disappointment at all . i would definitely go back to this restaurant and i recommend you to check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i thought this place was lovely . the staff is amazing , it 's clean inside , the food was great ! we could n't be more pleased with our service . it 's a mom and pop shop , and they are all smiles . we had the tom last gai , veggie egg rolls , thai fried rice , and drunken noodles . all delicious . we will be back soon ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , food is ok . i feel that the taste is too strong . if they can use more authentic oil , vegetables and spices , it would be what i should choose .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "small portions compared to others but food tastes great and the service is very good . good luck to this new biz", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful . nice atmosphere . love the lighting . first time ever trying thai food and i will be back . i was impressed with the food presentation . my pad thai even had a beautiful flower made out of a carrot ! i enjoy the combination of sweet and hint of spicy the food offered and the portions were very generous . the service was wonderful . definitely try the thai tea -- very delicious . the waitress even took my boyfriend and i 's photo , because it was our first time there-made us feel special .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best thai food in mesa ! came here for lunch at this cute little place ! great service , delicious food ! definitely come back for more ! on a second note they should replace the ranch dressing for the salad with peanut dressing ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our experience with dr. darzev , found her rude , arrogant and condescending . totally unprofessional . not only did she possess a nasty attitude , but it honestly did n't seem like she was familiar with practicing medicine . when patients need to instruct the dr. to check a child 's spine during a routine annual check-up , something is not right . we were rushed through the entire process and i have never been so upset by a doctor in my entire life . to compliment this poor service , the dr 's assistant 's had no clue why we were even there , despite the fact we scheduled an annual physical exam . it was like the entire office had just opened that day . absolutely unprofessional . although her office is in a convenient summerlin location , driving a little further down the road is well worth the health of your family . i could go on and on , but my job is done ... ... ... ... .you have been warned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. darzev has been the primary care physician for both my spouse and myself for years . she is personable , and rather good at keeping on schedule . the longest i 've waited is maybe half an hour past my appointment time ; on a busy day . she used to have physicians assistants on staff which made it easier to get a quick appointment ( same week ) . you had your choice of seeing her or a physician assistant ( which seemed just as thorough and helpful ) . she however always performs the more `` serious '' exams . she also has interns regularly , and is polite to ask if it 's okay they are in the room during ones appointment ( best way to learn ) . she listens to me and is what i consider rather thorough , especially when it comes to blood work , x rays , and ultrasounds . if she feels it would help wth diagnosis , she orders it . the office staff is nice and efficient . i 've never had billings errors or issues . there is a quest lab on premises for bloodwork !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. darzev is very nice and knowledgeable . the physician 's assistant came and spoke to me first and then she came in for further clarification . very personable , upbeat , laughing and gave a great explanation of what she thought was going on and why she was going to have me on the meds she prescribed . the other nurses and front office staff were also very courteous and friendly . very good experience and i 'm glad i randomly chose her out of my insurance 's `` find a doctor '' website haha", "score": "4"}
{"review": "today i saw dr. darzev for a second time . i am impresed haw she does it . to be profetional and very personal at the same time . answering all my questions and telling me the plan and why i have to do this labs . the staff is ver nice and helpfull .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these ladies were fantastic . i just moved into town and found i had a minor infection , picked the first name from my new plan that caught my eye , and went for it . they got me in on the same day . i was super late trying to find the place , cause the building was really hard to navigate with tiny signs and confusing directories , hence not five stars . they still whizzed me right in . i saw the nurse practitioner , then dr. darzev came in to finish things up . both the doctor and the nurse were no-nonsense , and spoke to me like an intelligent adult . the front desk staff was friendly and efficient . they even helped me out with billing since i had just started the new job .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "waited for over an hour and a half to be seen , only to be told they could n't do the bloodwork i needed because i was n't fasting . i was never told i needed to be fasting . very unprofessional behavior and did n't really listen to what i needed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thankfully my last time to that office , i 've literally wasted countless hours of time waiting to see the doctor . this time i left after 50 minutes , does n't matter if you show up late or early-it 's at the minimum a half hour just to get out of the waiting room . after over five years of the same garbage runaround with physicians assistants and five minute doctor talks , i can finally never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been a patient of dr. darzev for 15 years and have always found her to be on point and cautious . my daughter had serious problems and she took care of everything in a matter of days . i have recommended her to many of my friends . mary at the front desk is always pleasant and accommodating and jamie is always on point when speaking to you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first experience with a tailor and i 'll definitely be coming back ! i came here because the store i bought my moh dress for a wedding could n't be altered in time . all it needed was to be hemmed ! i came to q 's tailor and she quickly measured and marked- it was so easy ! she gave me a 5 day time frame but asked if i needed it earlier . great customer service and reasonably priced- especially for wedding related services that most places charge an arm and a leg for . my dress turned out perfectly . i highly recommend coming here for quick , quality work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! it 's out of the way from both home and work , but i will not take my clothes anywhere else ! the owner is a very nice lady ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took a pair of black work pants here to get hemmed recently . first off , it took a good 5 days for them to do it . secondly , the hemming came undone within 2 weeks . i realize that it could have been a fluke , but i think i 'll try a different tailor next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i took my wedding dress in on tuesday , and it was done friday . very reasonable price , fast service and the worksmanship was great . would definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for 10 years . my relationship began when i needed a bunch of clothes tailored for my first trip to europe . i needed everything quickly and was very specific . she got everything done in time for my trip . over the years i 've brought dozens of clothes . she 's done everything from changing a dress into a top to adding bra pads to a cocktail dress . she 's hemmed and taken in . she 's shortened straps and helped me change out fabric in clothing to create a completely different look . i can communicate anything i want and she 'll have it done exactly the way i envisioned it . we 've been able to change things so much we sometimes recreate new looks . her prices are a little high but well worth the quality . every single person i 've recommended has been extremely pleased with her work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly fast and my dress is perfectly altered ! definitely recommend ! ! i took my dress in wednesday afternoon and it was ready thursday afternoon . very reasonable priced ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been taking my clothing to q 's for quite some time , perfect every time ! cost is also reasonable for the great work she does . considering i have to have just about everything hemmed or altered in some way , it 's great to have someone you trust !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overpriced ! ! ! ! $ 25 to shorten a hem on a summer dress . she charges more than i paid for dress !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to q on a recommendation from a good friend . i needed some alterations done on a bridesmaid dress ( shortening the length and taking out the bodice about 1.5 inches ) and was nervous about getting so many alterations done on the dress . i dropped it off on wednesday and picked it up on saturday and could n't have been happier ! her services were reasonably priced and i was very satisfied with her work overall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to q 's tailor for years since i was a teenager . she is always very friendly and fairly priced . great turn around time . highly recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "25 $ to taper a pair of pants , that 's more than i paid . she was not very friendly either . go elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "she did a little bit on my wedding dress and altered a bridesmaid dress for me and she 's awesome ! she is really funny and a pleasure to go see . my whole family goes to q and only q ; we love her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a new dyson dc-50 vacuum . i found it 10 days for $ 120 less at another shop in madison so i called to ask if they would do anything to help me out . i was out of the 7 day return exchange window , and spoke to a guy at the odana rd . location and he told me i had to call the owner of the store . i called the owner and left 4 messages over a 2 week span and never received a call back . i would never do business with this company again . overall , a very disappointing experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i brought in vacuum cleaner , belt was stretched out rendering my vacuum useless . on the spot repair with additional cleaning out cat hair from bristled roller . $ 3.19 cents for the repair . repairman personalable and i enjoying talking with him as he fixed my cleaner . today , back in to rent a carpet shampooer . another nice man who patiently instructed me on how to use it and carried the heavy cleaner to my truck .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's not often anymore a store will offer free advice on the phone but this place was terrific ! i called them in a panic because my steam vac was n't picking up water and we had company coming to town . the man who services these machines asked me a few questions and was able to diagnose the problem on the phone . he had a solution that worked immediately and i did n't even have to bring the machine to the shop . the best part was that he was pleasant and never treated me like an idiot , though it would 've been well-deserved because the problem was of course , user error . in the end , thanks to the smart and friendly staff , i was able to solve the problem quickly and without spending a dime . the next time i need actual service , guess where i 'm going !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in today to ask about a new vacuum because mine broke . the woman who helped me was very friendly and straight to the point . i told her what my house was like and what i thought my cleaning needs were , she asked a few more questions and showed me three vacuums at three different price points . she demonstrated one and some features on another . she gave me the warranty info and let me alone to make my decision . i bought one on the spot because it 's a local business , the vacuum i bought is made in the usa , and there was no pressure or exhausting sales pitch ! buy your vacuums here ! and get them repaired here too ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my vacuum cleaner stopped working on new year 's eve . i called late and they were open . i planned on just dropping it off . when i got there , they looked it over - took it in the back , cleaned out the problem and then carried it out to my car - all with a big smile . i always have excellent service at olsons . i own a kirby and they are always helpful with the care and maintenance . i highly recommend olsons ! ! when i am ready for my next vacuum cleaner , i will buy from them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called before stopping by their shop . joe , the store manager , was very friendly over the phone . when i stopped by , he greeted me immediately and looked over my vacuum . turns out there was n't much he could do because they could n't order parts for my particular vacuum . he seemed very knowledgeable , and showed me a few other vacuums that might serve me well . ( he steered me towards riccar vacuums , as one of the previous review posts mentions ) . i did n't feel like i was pushed pressured into buying from them , however . he advised me to contact the vacuum company to see if they could do anything . if not , he told me i could trade in my vacuum at their store . i got to test one of the riccar vacuums out just to see how well they worked while i was there . i was able to get service from the vacuum company , but if i was n't able to , i would definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little vacuum store on the east side - they 'll try to sell you a riccar vacuum , which is kinda pricey , but believe me , they 're right . best vacuum i 've ever used . forget dyson . oh , and they 'll demo the vacuums for you and explain everything . really nice guys and worth checking out if you 're in the market for a vacuum that 's not a piece of junk .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience here . the power button on our vacuum broke . called the manufacturer because it was still under warranty and they referred us here . i dropped in off on thursday and they gave us an estimate of being done by monday . i got an e-mail on friday saying it was done . drop off and pickup was simple and easy and they even cleaned our vacuum after repairing it . top notch service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not bring your loved to this place ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! they are absolutely atrocious both in care and competence . they are understaffed and extremely neglectful . if you do n't plan on staying with your loved one 24 7 they will most likely pass at this place . they just want to take your money , that 's it . the staff dr. is a very cold and uncaring woman . not helpful at all and just wants to administer pain management . kruella deville complete with flared nostrils when she speaks . zero compassion . the food is better at a soup kitchen for the homeless . the chef should become a window washer because that 's what the food tastes like . they should all be ashamed of themselves . the owners of this place can gladly jump off a bridge for how they allow the treatment of people here . shame on you ! one star is too much so is a half star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my mom was in hospice here . that daily staff have no clue what hospice entails . they need some end of life training . thank god for compassion care hospice staff that came in daily , i only wish i had hired someone to be there around the clock : (", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my dad , j. baldinger , entered canyon vista on monday , july 25th 2016 . during my visit from july 25th until july 27th , i had a chance to meet a few staff members such as jeannie the food service director , ladonda , the dietitian , dr rodriquez md , casey , the speech therapist , gwendolyn and haty , the nurse and others and i am sooooo impressed and grateful with the quality of care for my dad . i also appreciate that when i called to inquire about his condition , if a nurse was unable to speak , someone called me back to hear my concerns . ladonda really stood out and went out of her way to arrange for special high protein shakes to be provided to help my dad gain muscle and build strength for his therapy . thank you ladonda and all !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "father ( 79 ) had colon surgery to remove cancerous material . was given an ileostomy as result . released from hospital and relocated to this facility for rehab . despite reading a few reviews i elected this facility for him . a decision i regret . staff , though friendly , are somewhat slow to respond to his needs . on two separate occasions his ostomy bag had leaked . both myself and my brother found him in this state . i had help from the cna , my brother on his occasion did not get the same help . father 's pain level has been a steady 7 to 10 on the pain scale since his arrival up until last night when , after vomiting , felt much better . the amount of meds he 's been prescribed may have a lot to do with his incontinence . i hope he is doing better when i arrive tonight ( for the facilities sake ) . like others before me , i would not recommend sending your love ones here..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the facility is very clean and on the new side . staff is friendly but overwhelmed and busy . try to be there for your loved one to help the staff figure out his her needs in the beginning . physical therapy is good", "score": "3"}
{"review": "canyon vista acute care is releasing a patient who is 100 % unable to care for himself . even after i told these people that i was unable to properly care for this man they have insisted i pick him up by 10 am monday the 14th . i have no idea as what to do as i am 68 years of age with my own heart condition . any help from fox would be deeply appreciated . please help me . paul m taulbee you are very , very dishonest .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible place . if you love the person who needs this kind of care , do not bring them here . four plus hours of no insulin for a brittle type 1 . over an hour in their own waste because the nurses and cnas refuse to answer the call button . pt people rude and demeaning instead of encouraging and helpful . dietary that will not respond to simple requests like no pepper on food and no milk . all in all a horrible experience that leaves your loved one in tears and not in a better place physically or mentally .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "canyon vista left my mom out with pneumonia as she died when we got home they said her insurance run out no one told me thats no problem this place is for the money stay away im warning you", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i thought it was good . my dining companion thought it was just pretty good . she prefers other places for pho . the place is modern on the inside . the toilet was really cool . it was a black one . that impressed me . above the toilet was a sign that read `` xin dung bo giay vao toilet . cam on '' which means `` please do not throw paper towels in the toilet . thank you '' . cam on meaning `` thank you '' is funny to me because in english if you say that , it means like , hurry up or get with it . i was there on a saturday night and wish that there were more people around . the banh mi is also only a few dollars , which is a great value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think this place definitely qualifies as a hidden gem . most of my asian friends have never been here because ( 1 ) we equate vietnamese food with pho and ( 2 ) we already have a go-to place for pho - that is , superior pho - just down the street . anyway , i happened upon this place the other week . there was n't much in the way of clientele because , as mentioned , this was a new restaurant among tough competition . but either way , i was pleasantly surprised . i did n't actually try the pho , but this restaurant offers two other vietnamese options that both tasted pretty decent : vermicelli noodle and broken rice dishes . and similar to pho , you can choose different combinations of meat to go into each of these dishes . i think this place is worth checking out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friends and i love coming here friday nights when superior pho is closed . just kididng , i love coming here anyways ! they have great pork+spring roll vermicelli and banh mi ! i also love to get their jackfruit bubble tea . the servers are also very attentive , so i definitely recommend giving this place a try ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saigon grille is tasty . modern authentic vietnamese atmosphere . friendly staff . vegetarian friendly menu and cooks . this is my new favorite lunch spot . hits the pocket book a little bit , but the quality of food is definitely worth it . this food is no imitation . it tastes great . its on what i will call little saigon row in cleveland . you will know it when you visit there . i would be curious to see what this place is like at night or on the weekends . love it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very large menu compared to superior pho , just about the same i think as minh anh on the west side of cleveland . their pho was great but i still prefer superior but their banh mi was delicious ( and cheaper too ) . i still need to try their other dishes to give an accurate rating for vietnamese food but as of right now with pho and the banh mi , i 'm content to give this place a four star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "standard vegetarian section on the menu . i got the pho , and it was delicious . but only order the large if you 're a giant human being , or there are two of there to share it , because the bowl is bigger than your head ! for a vegetarian broth i thought it was super tasty . the spring roll appetizer was also generous in portion size . good bang for your buck !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i remember the days when it was hard to find a bowl of pho in cleveland , now there lined up on superior ave . the pho was good , better than most , but not great . it had plenty of meat in it , but i found the broth to be a bit on the bland side for me . the goi cuon ( spring roll ) , ours with pork was outstanding , it was amazing the charcoal flavor they achieved on the pork in this dish . the same could be said with the banh mi , ours with chicken , again the meat grilled to perfection , served on a warm baguette with plenty of crisp carrot , daikon radish , cucumber , jalapeno and cilantro with a good smear of mayo . by far the best i have had in cleveland . the place was clean and the staff friendly and efficient . the only parking is on the steet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i thought they had a respectable pho and amazing spring rolls . i have to clarify on these spring rolls though , they had like a long solid stick of pork inside of them ! i did n't care , it tasted amazing ! the pho had good flavor , although i wish it came with as much steak as i get back at my favorite spots back home . i will come back here and try the banh mi but will keep looking around for pho , although i 'm learning making your own pho is pretty awesome too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my new favorite vietnamese place . their pho is awesome and their chicken cabbage salad is pretty good too . but the best is their bahn mi . they put the marinated grilled pork chop into their sandwich instead the traditional vietnamese meats . it makes it the best bahn mi in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no ! do n't eat here . srircha did n't even taste right .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after craving pho we headed to superior pho as our usual place . but sadly , being labor day , it was closed . so ... we saw the sign for saigon grille and `` pho '' and figured , eh ... why not . i must say , i was pleasantly surprised . firstly , i enjoyed the ambiance they have created in the restaurant and the wait staff are all very friendly . their menu was much more extensive than i expected . we tired the pho and a vermicelli dish and i must give both a solid a . the food was fresh , the noodles were well cooked , the meat was plentiful and the broth of the pho was delish . plus the prices were very affordable . i would certainly go back here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't wade into the cleveland pho debate , as i 've never really gotten past the banh mi on the menu here . i go for the grilled pork , which is incredibly good , and like the other varieties , incredibly cheap . it appears under `` appetizers '' on the menu , and only costs $ 3.95 . it is hard to imagine a better bargain . i 've also enjoyed the rare beef salad when that crunchy bahn mi just is n't enough . this is a good place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one word : horrible . i ordered the spring rolls . one bite into it , i gagged . instead of placing the mint leaves in the rolls , they had the entire stem and all ; they neglected to put the roots in . why do n't ya throw in some dirt too . had i choked , i could have quit my day job and night job -- -just kidding ; i 'm unemployed", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great pho and probably one of the best banh mi sandwiches in cleveland ( get the grilled pork ) . after dinner coffee was the perfect ending to the meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best vermicelli dishes in cleveland at the moment . not so much the pho , there really is n't a proper place for that yet , atleast you get more mint herb than all other places in cleveland and they have che bay mau , i think if this sticks around it 'll improve the more people go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent vietnamese food at a reasonable price . i 've been here a few times at both lunchtime and dinnertime . for appetizers , i like the shredded pork rolls . the vermicelli is also decent too . the rice specialty ( pork chop , roast pork , and egg ) is a good sampler of many of the items on the menu . tasty , but i wish the portion size was a bit larger . the soup is okay . i 've tried the pho and also the large rice noodle soup . of the two i like the pho better . but the broth is not as flavorful as in other places i 've been to . the service is good though . i did n't realize that one of the menu items had something that i did n't want , and when i mentioned it to the waitress , the dish was redone without any hassle . i appreciated how this was handled smoothly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came into town and tried this place since it just opened . first impression the decor was nice and the restaurant was clean ( well it 's new so it better be ) . the menu has your standard pho selections and broken rice , which i do n't recall seeing at other vietnamese establishments . i tried the broken rice which came w pork chops , meat loaf , shredded pork , fried egg , side salad , and rice . the presentation looked great and everything tasted good . now why the 2 stars ? the others in my party had a bad experience w the pho . the portions were small relative to others pho restaurants . when you order a pho you expect a decent amount of food . also , one of the phos that was ordered had to be sent back . let 's just say an unsuspecting insect had flown into the soup . not good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "classic vietnamese flavors at a great price . my wife and i had the spring rolls , ground pork rolls , bun thit nuong , and shrimp fried rice . all were excellent and generously sized . the fried rice was especially good , as it was n't greasy and actually had a lightness to it that is rare for fried rice . friendly , attentive service , and the food came out remarkably fast , which was perfect since we had to head to the theatre . we plan on returning , and i 'll add a fifth star if the quality of some of the other dishes is as good as what we had tonight .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love saigon grille . seriously . for the price , you 'd be hard-pressed to find better . this is a regular lunch spot for myself and coworkers . it is fast , friendly service , easily in and out in under an hour . my go-to-dish is the b\u00fan tht nng ( rice vermicelli with pork ) , but i also like the spring rolls , clay pot dishes , pho and the broken rice dishes . i frequently go hear with a friend who is notoriously picky and is always asking for a menu item to be modified . they are polite with her and always quick to fulfill requests . good vegetarian selection as well . the restaurant itself is clean and calm . it 's usually bustling , but rarely are you kept waiting for a table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've gone back 4 times in one week . i think i 'm a bahn-mi-holic . so yummy . my bf asks everyday to go back , and i just have to say no because it 's so bad for our waistline as we eat 2 sandwiches each time . have to stave off until next week . it 's ridiculous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food . highly recommend a101 ( fried shrimp rolls ) and c59 ( jasmine rice and pork chop )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was looking for a place to have a quick lunch that was near my job ... did n't really have enough time to really explore the place but it was okay . later i will give a better review when i have a sit down lunch lol . i ordered the goi cuon ... it had lettuce but i kind of thought it would go better with cabbage ... just my two cents lol . oh and i did n't have to wait long for my food ... maybe like five minutes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "saigon grille is as good as superior pho in taste but their portions are smaller than superior pho . the restaurant itself is a lot nicer than superior pho .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the bahn mi here is better than superior pho ... but that is probably about it . the marinated and grilled pork is soooooo flavorful ! i have ordered pad thai twice here and the first time is was good and saucy and the second time ... half of it was dry noodles . it is a very cute place . i also like the little altar and incense in the doorway , i feel like i am entering a temple or a special place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my friend turned me onto saigon , what a great lunch spot ! their noodle dishes are full of fresh ingredients , served by a friendly staff . the prices are very reasonable for the quality of food and the portion sizes . the decor is simple but tasteful . i would definitely recommend for a business lunch or casual get together .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was good . the service was absolutely horrible . i would go elsewhere . we went in with one chinese guy , 2 white kids , and 1 mixed race person . the other customers were vietnamese . they got refils , service and more . there are other very good pho places without the outdated attitude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my favorite pho in the neighborhood - not overly salty , and hefty portions at a cheap price . my only gripe is that the spoons are so small ! ! i want to get a big heaping mouthful of your delicious broth - but ca n't ! decor is more upscale then the other joints in the neighborhood , and the staff is very helpful and friendly . great for business lunch , mid-day date : ) , or just a great bowl of noodles on a cold day !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "4 star because i would go back to give their food another try . but just for the one time experience , i 'd give it only a 3.5 star . we went there for dinner , and got a summer roll for appetizer . the roll was served at room temperature , which was n't all that good . they should really chill the ingredients before serving it . for entree , we got a lemongrass chicken rice dish and a spicy beef noodle soup . the chicken was actually unbelievably tender ! and the noodle soup came out with a lot of raw veggies , just like pho . soup was tasty , but the noodle was so so . got a vietnamense coffee ... it came in the smallest cup you can imagine with the most amount of ice possible . that 's definitely a sign to never order their drinks again . but we 'd go back for the food , just to try a different dish next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upon seeing the nicely decorated , well lit , and clean interior , i quickly assumed that the food would be subpar and overpriced . i 'm glad to say my first impression was wrong ! the food is delicious..perfect for the cold weather ! prices are reasonable , and the staff is gracious and accommodating . i ca n't believe i found a vietnamese restaurant with excellent service and decor to match their food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is very good . i do n't always drown myself , but when i do it will be in a bowl of pho . just a warning the large pho is enough for 2 people . i could barely finish 1 2 . they even have one that is bigger than the large ! enough for a family of 20 ! the broth was typical pho flavor , the eye of round and well done brisket were beefy ! . i jazzed mine with basil , rooster sauce , lime and bean sprouts . the noodles were cooked perfectly . my friend and i split the pork summer roll . that pork was cooked perfectly . very good . then we split the pork spring roll , it was a little underwhelmed . the service was very friendly . when i asked the waitress to pack the pho she did not know how to get it in the cup , spilled it on the table ! i had to take over ! another solid place in cleveland 's little china town !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love saigon grille . i love it when i need comfort food , when i 'm hungover , or really whenever i 'm in the area . the bahn mi sandwich ( with pork , of course ) is to die for . i have eaten two in one sitting . i have tried a few different types of pho but my favorite is the pho ga . which is chicken . hey load you up with toppings and it is pretty darn cheap for the portions and quality . i get carry out at least every other week !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was amazing . best food we 've had in a while . we had delicious rolls wrapped in rice paper with marinated pork in them . i ordered the chicken pad thai and my husband had the # 56 which was a marinated pork chop , fried egg and rice . our server , lee , was so nice , friendly and helpful . she gave us the best service we 've had in cleveland in a while . delicious food , amazing service and a spotless restaurant - we will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coming from california , it has been quite a challenge to find good vietnamese food . being a vegetarian is even harder . i had a veggie pho and it was straight up hot water with tons of salt ! it was horrible . my friend had the meat bbh and she complained it being super salty as well . we had the 3 color dessert and it was so-so . i do n't know if we both got the bad dishes or not , but for sure i 'm not going to give it another try .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there are several vietnamese restaurants within walking distance , in my opinion this is the best . i ordered the bun bo hue and it was excellent . the stock was delicious and the meat was tender and cooked to perfection . i highly recommend you try this place if you 're ever in the area . great find !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pad thai noodles is great . it has a hint of salty , sour and spicy which what good pad thai noodle should be . i been ordering hot vietnamese coffee with sweetened milk . it 's nice coffee aroma and roasty flavor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing very special about this place but i only tried their pho and it was decent . portion size was pretty generous too . it is slightly pricier than superior pho , but the restaurant looks nicer and cleaner . their waiters and waitresses were very nice and they are fully supportive of birthday surprise parties ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had an average experience here at saigon grille . food : had bun ( vermicelli noodles ) with grilled shrimp . i have to say that they grilled it with a great char and that was pretty tasty , but the rest of the dish was pretty average . very light meal with average portions and prices . service : the service was a little inattentive ... there were only 2 parties in the restaurant at the time and i thought we could have been offered some better service . decor : it 's fairly nice inside ! i 'd have to say it 's an enjoyable experience -- not as hole in the wall as some of the other cleveland places around here . i 'm not entirely convinced that i 'll be a regular here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "all i can say about this place is that the manager is rude . we parked in front of the restaurant ( in a clearly marked parking zone ) and the manager came out and started screaming at us that we were parked in front of his driveway ! we clearly showed him there was no driveway and that it was a sidewalk . he said he was going to call a tow truck on us for absolutely no reason . if you do n't want people to park in front of your restaurant , find a way to put up a no parking sign . do n't yell at your customers . i ended up moving my car and my business and ate down the street at pho # 1 . i 'm glad i did because some of these reviews clearly show this place sucks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "staff is invariably friendly and everything i 've tried has been delicious , but hoo-boy are the prices steep . on a recent stop four pieces of toffee came out at almost $ 9 . i justified it by reminding myself that i am happy to pay $ 2 for a truffle so it 's about the same prices for a piece of toffee , but i still had sticker shock . also , they 're a chain with over one hundred stores around the country - if they were a small local business the high prices would seem a bit more justifiable . you wo n't leave disappointed ( i mean , have you walked by and smelled the delicious sweetness wafting out the door ? ! ) , but you will be quite a bit lighter in the wallet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this gourmet shop is bursting with cuteness the minute you walk in ! we primarily came here for the fudge based on recommendations from friends local to the area . we sampled the salted caramel and double dark chocolate fudge then purchased both . they just melt in your mouth ! the caramel apples were also delicious and they cut them for you so it 's easy to eat and share . i highly recommend picking up treats for yourself when visiting this cute shop . you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum yum yum if you have n't been here yet please please please get their coconut chocolate caramel covered apple ... .seriously . it 's like the samoa girl scout cookies in wrapped around an apple . also all the fudge samples you want ; ) muahaha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a great variety of ice cream , generous scoops . we also bought some candies for a gift to relatives watching our dog back at home . everything was delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only had the rice krispie covered in caramel and chocolate , but it was soooo good ! amazing caramel ! wish i lived here so i could try everything . update : my first trip was so good that i went back twice over the next two days . i got the marshmallow covered in caramel and chocolate , and it was diviiiiiiine ! i also got some maple walnut fudge and the original turtle fudge to take home , and they are both delicious ! ! i wish i had gotten a pound of each because they 're nearly gone already ! ! a must-stop place for anyone with even the slightest sweet tooth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not surprised a state known for making good cheese can make good ice-cream . that 's really all i have to say . this place is local , and it 's dairy in a cheese state , and i love cookies and cream . they had amazing cookies and cream .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ended up coming here twice in one weekend : once for the ice cream and once for the fudge . the ice cream flavors are good . my friends loved the blue moon , while i stuck with my favorite , peppermint . the peppermint pieces in the ice cream were so good . the cases are filled with all sorts of goodies , i wanted to try them all but we were running short on time . i also bought some fudge . i 've only bought fudge once before , but it seemed pretty pricey ( $ 18 per pound , which comes out to 2 slices of fudge ) . they do have a buy 2 , get 1 free special going on , though , which made it sting a little less . i ended up with double dark chocolate , chocolate walnut , and cookies and cream . all were good , but almost too sweet . service was good , the guy behind the fudge counter let me try a flavor multiple times before making a selection !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first visit here was a hit . the first impression was that the two guys making the caramel apples made a production out of it . they know that the windows and counter are set up for people to view them as art . there is a wide selection of chocolate and ice cream to pick from . there is some seating , but we were taking our dessert to go . my friend and i both got one of the giant peanut butter cups . instead of peanut butter inside , it is peanut butter fudge , and a lot of it . it was a huge chunk of peanut butter fudge surrounded by a thin layer of chocolate , a decadent dessert . it was wonderful . i would absolutely come here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was told state street was the place to go for local shops and restaurants so there i went ! along my walk the first shop was this place . the pictures along the storefront were inviting . upon walking in , the wonderful smell of chocolates and caramels filled the air it was love ! i was looking for a lunch spot so i figured i would grab their popular caramel latte until i could find a good restaurant along my walk . i was not disappointed at all . the caramel latte was one of the best i 've ever had . if you 're ever in the area stop in for a caramel latte or even the ice cream is great ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! ! they have awesome employees and a fantastic owner.. ! super honest ppl that provide excellent costumer service ... oh and the product that they sell is just flat out addicting ... absolutely love the caramel apples i always get the one with a bunch of caramel and dark chocolate , the badger paws are to die for ... oh oh and the pecan rice crispy it just out of this world ... definitely worth the trip ... yummy ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good location on state street . tasty ice cream . a variety of goodies covered in chocolate . comparable prices . i ended up with the bottom of the barrel , literally so only 2 chunks of cookie dough and spare chocolate chips in chocolate chip cookie dough . so ask for a new batch if canister is almost empty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yeah yelp . this is as good as it gets . do n't agree with my fellow reviewers . i love italian food done well with old-time classic professional-level waiters . i ca n't go all the time because yes , it 's not cheap but my favourite treat in aurora . we 're lucky to have them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was pretty good at joia . although i would say i 'm a bigger fan of zefferini 's veal dish . i had a veal scalolpini dish.. my husband had a penne with sausage . i think that next time i would go for pizza and salad there next time . we had bruschetta as a starter and we both really enjoyed that", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great italian restaurant . they have wood oven pizza and great selection of wine . however the service is a bit slow , which do n't be in rush and enjoy your dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best italian food in aurora and richmond hill . huge menu and family atmosphere . food is excellent and service is always good . enjoy this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we celebrated new years eve at this restaurant last night . the staff was amazing . it was crazy busy and they were clearly working very hard to make sure everyone was having a wonderful dining experience . we appreciate all your hard work ! the menu had a lot of selections and we found it difficult to choose . everything sounded so good . i finally decided on the escargots just because i have n't had those in years . brought back some good memories . the main course i chose was the linguine with lobster and shrimp in a sambuca sauce . it was divine . the portion was generous . for dessert we all had the cannoli . very good , we all agreed . and a lovely presentation with fresh fruit , sauces and shaved dark chocolate on a long white plate . thanks again to all the staff for making this a very special new years eve dinner with friends . perfect in every way . see you in 2015 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i had dinner here on a saturday night with another couple . this was our second time here . first time was excellent , this time not so much . our waiter in particular was a bit too eager . asked us multiple times , in a matter of 15 minutes that we arrived , what drinks we would like to order . then again was too quick to remove our glasses of drinks that we were still enjoying . maybe new waiter ? eager to please ? an appetizer we ordered was sold out ( this was at 730 pm ) my main entree was lukewarm . pizzas others ordered were good . for dessert we had creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e which was more of a vanilla pudding than creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e . sorry joia we were n't overly impressed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went will 2 other couples and found the ambience great , service outstanding with a smile , food excellent and extensive wine list . after looking over the list the waiter suggested i try a couple of house wine . hit a white and a red that were excellent with the meal and good value . i definitely will be back soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . first time at this restaurant , celebrating 3 birthdays and the owner was extremely nice and gave our group of 10 free dessert . i had the kale salad with goat cheese , which was perfect . i shared the fried calamari , not my favorite but i also did n't like the dipping sauce , most restaurants are serving aioli but i prefer a simple tomato seafood sauce . i had the special , bucatini with sausage and truffles . not bad but i 'm a little biased because i make orechiette with sausage and truffles and its to die for . overall , great service , owners were wonderful and the food delicious . would definitely recommend and return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "four of us celebrated an anniversary with dinner here recently . our table was not available when we arrived and we were sent to the for a pre dinner drink . no problem . we were seated shortly after and our waiter brought menus & water . we were brought bread but no oil & balsamic . we ordered one large caesar salad for all of us . very good ! i ordered penne alla vodka . my favourite . maybe the least tasty version i have ever eaten . it was simply penne in bland tomato sauce , no pancetta , no onion , no flavour ! the other 3 diners said their pasta dishes were simply okay . nothing special . we had two bottles of their less pricy california merlot and coffee . $ 320 for 4 with tip . will not be in a hurry to return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "joia is a cozy restaurant tucked away in aurora . joia has a daily menu in addition to the regular menu which can be viewed online . we were served bread with oil vinegar after we ordered . for our appetizer , we ordered escargots with portobello , onion and garlic in a merlot sauce on crostini . it was so delicious , definitely my favourite part of the dinner . our mains were veal marsala and risotto , both were amazing . the veal marsala was quite a thin sliced portion but very filling as it was served with truffle mash and grilled veggies . the risotto was also great , mixed with green peas , red onion and mascarpone cream..i just wish for $ 23 , the risotto would be served with some kind of protein . the service at joia is one of the best i 've ever had at any restaurant , the staff are all very friendly and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food , great wine list , good service . try the stuffed chicken , you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a nice little restaurant in aurora , amazing food , great wine selection and really good service , would probably go again , it 's worth the visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chaya is a lot of fun ; definitely the best place in pittsburgh to get adventurous with sushi . i 've had better sushi for sure , but not around these parts . weirdly , one of my favorite things there is the fried chicken that accompanies every dinner . its golden-fried goodness is the perfect start to an otherwise raw meal . the place is small , so try to go early for dinner . i would n't go in a group larger than four , either , or you might wait for a very long time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "took a chance and returned to chaya for take out . this time i ordered the delux sushi combination a la carte . at $ 32 dollars this really is a steal . one could expect to pay 3x as much for similar quality in more of a `` foodie '' city . mine included 14 pieces of nigiri , cali roll , and shrimp head . the nigiri pieces were all quality . perfect portion temperature of rice , and i enjoyed the consistency . all the pieces tasted fresh tonight , ( including the uni which i believe had gone bad on my first visit ) glad i went back , and i 'll be back again . i would give it 4.5 stars if i could , but to get 5 stars it would have to surpass umi which was probably the best meal i 've had . not to mention , i 'm still a bit bitter from my first visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chaya is a great japanese restaurant that provides conscientious service in an intimate little setting . i heard about this place from japanese friends who opined that this was the place to go when they miss home . if you are looking to splurge a little and are adventurous , i highly recommend the omakase , which requires a minimum of two heads and two days notice . we received about 9 courses , with soups , stews , sauteed mushrooms vegetables and an assortment of seafood . the chef will not let you down , and you 'll get the opportunity to try items you may not otherwise get to experience . the service staff have been the same for years and provide great attentive service without being intrusive . they refill your green tea constantly , take away your plates and serve you with the next item with perfect timing . parking on murray can be tough at times , but there are usually plenty of parking opportunities on the side streets if you are willing to walk a little . byob .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3.5 stars , rounded up to 4 on service and value -- service was quite pleasant : our server magically appeared when we needed water but was completely unobtrusive otherwise . she was also volunteered that we could split our checks without us asking . the homemade wasabi was really tasty although less spicy than one would typically expect . as for the maki , the fish seemed quite fresh and the menu has a nice variety of cooked , vegetarian , and raw rolls . however , the inside-out rolls had a rather thick layer of rice relative to filling and the rice did not completely cover the nori , which detracted from the aesthetic . that might sound overly picky but part of the appeal of sushi is in its presentation . the vegetable tempura and the murray avenue rolls were especially good , but the squirrel hill roll was unremarkable . i 'd definitely come here again given the price -- $ 17 after tax and tip for 3 good-sized rolls is a great deal , but if you 're looking for perfectly executed sushi , this is n't the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to try takeout here . had shrimp teriyaki dinner which included shrimp ( obviously ) but on a skewer ( pointless ) with rice and salad . the shrimp was cooked well however the teriyaki was separate and required me pouring it on . this meal is average at best and certainly not worth $ 23 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i travel to pittsburgh every week for work from nyc , and have put chaya into my regular weekly rotation ( along with cure , dish and morcilla ) because it is a great old-school japanese restaurant . i am an extremely jaded eater , and this place is good by new york standards , and at an extremely reasonably price point . do n't expect anything trendy or showy - expect excellent nigiri . they serve fresh wasabi - for those of you that do n't know the difference between fresh wasabi and dried , or between nigiri and spicy crunchy tuna rolls , this probably is n't the place for you . for those of you who appreciate good traditional japanese food , ask the chef to make you 10 or 12 pieces of nigiri - his choice . you will certainly have a delicious night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after hearing from friends and reading so many good reviews about the place , we went last week . the sushi was very good but it is definitely on the pricy side .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while the sushi selection at chaya looked great , we decided to try a few other items instead . we sampled a handful of apps , including their egg custard , various pickles , and soft shell crab . the custard was solid , the soft shell crab was accompanied by an awesome dipping sauce , and the pickled vegetables were great ! we also went with the beef udon dinner entree . yes , it seemed a bit odd that it comes with pieces of fried chicken , but wow that 's some unique fried chicken . by the time we got to the udon , we were both approaching full , yet the first taste ensured we both made room to enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food - i had their sushi sashimi boat , uni appetizer , desserts , and few other food . everything was very fresh . i 've heard that they get their fish fresh from market everyday . they are also usually referred to as one of the freshest sushi from pittsburgh . however , their sushi sashimi boat lack of variety , their rolls are neither flavorful nor creative . their udon soba noodles have plain average taste . overall their food is pretty boring . service - their service is okay . not good but not bad . environment - it is conveniently located in squirrel hills and is pretty busy most of the time . there are often some people waiting for a table . the place is not loud and pretty quiet and clean . overall , it is the go to place for sushi sashimi ( salmon tuna mainly ) , but maybe not for rolls or any other japanese food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chaya is very good . not the best i 've ever been to , but very good , especially for pittsburgh . the ingredients are extremely fresh , and the place is run by a japanese family ; something that 's become rare in many places these days . please go here over nakama , and do n't use nakama as your `` baseline '' sushi experience . it 's affordable , and very authentic , and acceptable portion size . granted , i have n't been to japan yet ( on my to do list ) but i consider myself well-versed on sushi . fyi , if you take your wasabi and put it directly in your shoyu , please stop . or at least do n't write a sushi review ! they also let you bring in outside wine , but they do charge a small corkage fee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally , a legitimate and affordable japanese restaurant in pittsburgh . ( please realize i crave sushi on a tri-weekly basis , at least . ) while i 'm still making my way down their sushi roll list , the hobart st. roll is a favorite along with anything yellowtail . and oh god , sashimi . the fish here is fresh . street parking can be tough in squirrel hill but i recommend eating in ; the place is complete with home-style japanese ambiance -- the waitresses all wear yukata and geta ( wooden clogs ) and shuffle around in a quite demure fashion .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a really comfortable place to have a traditional japanese meal . the servers were dressed in full authentic kimono ( most places do n't take the time nor expense to also wear the obis ) , the bamboo and other decorations created a nice asian environment . there were so many polar reviews ... seemed folks were either really happy or not . so i did n't really know what to expect . the sushi rolls were priced modestly , but they are for the smaller rolls versus the `` regular '' sized roll . the flavor was good and it hit the spot . i am so glad we went and i will be going back when i return to pittsburgh ! it is so nice to have a decent japanese restaurant in squirrel hill !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered the mix roll and the alaska roll here . the sushi itself was sort of warm.. ? warmer than room temperature . so it was kind of uncomfortable to eat . but the raw fish tastes fresh and did n't smell fishy . the service was a little all over the place . two servers kept getting confused and would ask us the same questions . the interior seems like a friendly japanese environment . if you want to order something other than sushi rolls , you 'd definitely need a bigger budget than a college student .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for `` bang for the buck '' , only want sushi ( and not other japanese food ) , and do n't mind slightly less variety , tokyo in bloomfield should be your first stop . if you 're looking for the best japanese food in pittsburgh , chaya is it . this is the best japanese restaurant i 've had the chance to try . if you like sushi , you should go here and try this . even in the new location , there 's often a wait , so do n't show up starving ; that said , the wait is worth it , and the food is awesome . we 've yet to find a bad pick on the menu . 5-stars ; as good as it gets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was not good quality sushi ! the toro was so old it was turning gray , did they think i would n't notice ? i get that toro is seasonal , so if you ca n't get good quality , just take it off the menu . even the regular plain old maki rolls were so bad -- stale crusty rice and dry fish -- i could n't eat them . i ca n't believe this place is rated so highly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you ca n't tell the difference between food here and food in japan , bottom line . an authentic pittsburgh best eatery .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i went her new year 's eve night , 2010 . we loved it ! the atmosphere and service is fantastic . the staff is dressed very authentically japanese and loves to interact with their clientele . the food was amazing . i had fried oysters , which are brought out in the shell . there were 5 or 6 on my plate and they were huge and oh so good . they tasted fresh and were excellently fried . my wife got the sashimi variety platter which looked and tasted fantastic . i really have nothing negative to say about this place . our bill was approx $ 60 for 2 entrees , two appetizers , twos soups and salads . it was a very nice experience and date !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a fabulous byob and sushi spot . incredible food with fairly good prices . the service is also very good and the staff is very helpful . it can be very busy on weekends so be sure to make a reservation for large parties . also keep in mind that they are closed for lunch !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely delicious . authentic cuisine and nice staff . i know a place is good when something i usually do n't like tastes good . my friend had me try her lomi lomi salad ( i usually do n't like salmon ) and i ended up devouring the whole thing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chaya is the real deal . the restaurant is literally a work of art -- the owner is the chef and he crafted much of the interior himself . his attention to detail is second to none , and this is reflected in the food and the service . i do n't see how you can be disappointed in chaya , unless you were expecting something other than what it is . i do wish they had a liquor license , but byob is actually more affordable . speaking of , chaya is surprisingly reasonably priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2 people , one bottle of wine ( that we brought ) , 2 soups , an appetizer and 4 rolls . only $ 40 ! excellent bang for your buck and a great place to chat with friends . we went on a tuesday and got seated immediately . not sure how busy it is on the weekends but we had an excellent experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to love love this place . something is feeling a little off these days . i hope it 's just not me . the sushis are as good as it gets . in my last visit , i got a toro ( nigiri ) and was quite disappointed . it was a thin slice of not so fresh toro for the same price that i paid for a fat piece of toro at an upscale place in dc . really chaya ? other than that , it is good . highly recommend staying away from the `` fancy '' rolls . devote the space in your tummy for the simpler stuff . chaya does that really really well . my japanese friend is a fan of chaya . that feedback means a lot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried sashimi deluxe , not fresh , some pieces were too cold and little hard because some ice in it . maybe trying sashimi in pittsburg is not a good idea .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first of all , be there early at dinner time because there will be a long line . the price is slightly higher than many other `` normal '' sushi places but trust me chaya really deserves the price . sushi and sashimi are authentic and come in fresh . every piece of salmon and tuna gently licks your tongue . the sushi rice is moderate and suits the ingredients well . the wasabi is a little bit dry and powder-wise , but how could you criticize that if you are not in japan ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent sushi and sashimi . very cozy and be prepared to wait . the wait staff can be quite charming if you prove yourself . do n't be a newb by mixing your wasabi into your soy sauce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is consistently very high quality . it has helped my 8-year-old decide that sushi is his favorite food . chaya is a favorite with everyone in my family , although we usually get the carry out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious sushi rolls ! tried the shrimp tempura roll and the squirrel hill roll . everything is fresh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent . this sounds crazy , but this is one of the best japanese restaurants i have been to in the country . nyc , la , sf , hawaii , chicago . sashimi here is fresh and delicious . quality is outstanding . and , the dinner option with salad , soup , and fried chicken make it an excellent value . the black cod is also very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chaya is , by a significant margin , the best and most authentic japanese food in squirrel hill . the prices are a tad expensive , and the quality of the seafood does not reach the standards of coastal cities , but there is nowhere else in a radius of 5 km where you can experience sushi of this quality . the deluxe chirashi for example is loaded full of fresh fish that was mostly satisfactory although the ikura was a bit oddly colored and suspicious in texture . i 'm not sure if it ought to command the price of $ 35 but it satisfied a deep craving for quality seafood that i had been harboring for days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "from my point of view , the food is not authentic japanese . japanese restaurant is famous for polite and good customer service and great well-made food . in chaya , the price does not match the food quality , nor the customer service . comparing to other non-fast food sushi restaurants , chaya has no advantage but higher price . about their customer service , my friends told me one time when they just finished eating , and just chatted a little while , the staff came to ask them to leave in order to save seats for other guests . i thought perhaps this was tolerable . when i was waiting with my friend during busy hours , i saw at least 3 tables were empty in about 25 minutes , but the waitress completely ignored us . after waiting for a while more , i had to ask the staff if we could seat and they told us they need to clean the table , but i saw the tables had all been cleaned up already .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to chaya a couple of times , and each time has been impressive . great for small groups , this byob serves some great sushi along with the fried chicken that everyone else is mentioning . if you 're looking for japanese food in the pittsburgh area , do n't pass this place up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty bad sushi in terms of proper rolling , loose rolled and falling apart ( maybe that is because we arrived 30 minutes before close ? ) , semi rude staff ( again maybe because of when we walked in ? ) , and finally there 's no liquor available which was n't the end of the world , but no hot sake ? cmon dude get it together . there 's places in town that beat this place on every aspect of their service . do n't bother .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fantastic sushi ! pricey , but worth it . fresh fish - the toro is to die for . the dinners have not only your usual miso soup , salad , and rice combo that comes with bento boxes , but also chicken kaarage ( fried chicken ) . very small , so be prepared to wait . i ca n't wait to come back as a regular .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't understand the hype . the fish texture of my salmon was unpleasant . the service was average . no one at the table finished their meals , and no take-away boxes either . although i 've had worse food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not bad for pittsburgh . very nice to actually see a japanese chef serve some real traditional japanese food . they had natto and he was very surprised that i had ordered and was actually happy to serve it with some tuna for me . the fact that they do omakase there makes it authentic , its good to know that is an option for people to have chef 's `` trust me '' style dinners . better than most sushi places in pittsburgh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here after reading the reviews . the decor is authentic and impressive . i also liked the size of the restaurant- it was cozy , relaxing without being too packed , even on a busy night . highlights : the food- i 've had sushi in ny and other major metro areas . this is among the top of my list as far as variety and quality . they have a huge nigiri menu , so definitely check it out if you 're in the mood for fresh fish as i was . the green tea - not the $ .50 tea bags that other restaurants try to pass off . good , authentic matcha powder in a delicate cup . definitely recommended . areas of improvement : service could 've been better . my cup of tea was refilled once , and the restaurant was n't super packed . however , they made a minor error for one of my orders and fixed it immediately- i did n't even have to have that awkward conversation . so- definitely check this place out . plus , the bus literally stops right in front of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was a bit underwhelmed by this sushi experience , especially for the price . we ordered the salmon lover combo , tempura , and cold green tea soba noodles . that came out to $ 75 for two people . now , let me tell you what you can get for $ 74 before tax , including tip , in los angeles . you can get the `` trust me '' tasting menu at sugarfish , one of the country 's best sushi restaurants . the preset menu includes an assortment of the best cuts of sushi fish direct from the market that very morning . here , however , i felt like i had picked up some sushi at the grocery store and brought it home . you can definitely find better sushi and also cheaper sushi , which , in this case , i would recommend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a bit pricy . the food is n't so good to match with the price . i ordered fried tofu and katsudon , but the taste was just so so . i think tan izakaya might be a better choice for japanese cuisine .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a small very authentic japanese restaurant . the food is excellent and the service is very attentive . the menu has many food choices both classic `` american style fair '' as well as items that are more suited towards the japanese palate . items are marked with an `` `` or two to signify authentic dishes . the restaurant will allow you to bring your own wine or beer , ( for a small fee ) , and there are a few stores within walking distance that sell these items . if you are a sushi lover and not too ambitious i would suggest you just have the sushi which is a great value for the price . choices come a la carte or as a dinner . the dinner includes a nice salad , miso soup and some pieces of dark meat chicken that have been breaded and deep fried . if you are a lover of japanese cuisine you will enjoy the value , service and most of all the food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best japanese in pittsburgh imho , and i 've done my fair share of exploring the city 's sushi options . chaya also has a high quality non-sushi menu , and for example i would highly recommend the blackened cod . it 's a small dish ( you 'll probably need more to eat than just this ) , but is incredible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have visited this place twice already and it only gets better ! the sushi deluxe and sushi boat are well worth their price , and if you get fresh uni on a good day , it is better than most places i 've had it , including several nyc restaurants . the interesting thing about chaya is that it 's one of the only places in pgh that uses real wasabi . very authentic japanese sushi and a wide selection of sushi and rolls and well worth a visit . will done here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice food , nice price , nive atmosphere , nice service . i like their tempura , sushi , etc ... i just do n't like their desserts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chaya will always have a special place in my culinary heart as the restaurant where i first met my favorite maki -- umeboshi jelly + shiso leaf . that said , if i 'm heading out to eat in squirell hill , it is not at the top of my list . the prices make it a special outing , and over my many visits i 've had a few dishes that were just not to my liking .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "read many good things and was excited to try some seriously good sushi in pittsburgh -- this was not the place to come to though . for the superior cuts of fish they claim to give , i found the sushi mostly flavorless . and at the price i was paying , it was like a double slap in the face . there is better and cheaper in pittsburgh than here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my favorite affordable sushi place in the city . i love the people that work there ( they are very friendly ) and their new storefront ( 2032 murray ; just one block up the hill from their old location ) is bigger and in better shape , making the atmosphere very pleasant . i believe it is owned and run by a japanese family , which is a rarity in pittsburgh and results in high quality sushi . i have been coming here for years and even though i 've had a couple of not amazing meals for the most part everything has been everything i hoped . sushi is my comfort food and chaya is the place i go for it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to like this place . i did . after reading yelp reviews , i was excited at the prospect of good sushi within walking distance from my new apartment , so i went for a sushi dinner with a friend . i will grant the enthusiastic reviewers that the sushi at chaya is better and more japanese than the chinese-run sushi restaurant around the corner . it is , however , still mediocre sushi : no flavor , a bit dry , completely unmemorable . i even disliked their unagi rolls , and if you 've read any of my other sushi restaurant reviews , you 'll understand what a blow that was . on the upside , the restaurant is pleasantly decorated and the service is fast and friendly . their miso soup was also quite good . perhaps their non-sushi entre\u00e9s are better ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i come from ny so i have had some good japanese food . this will be the closest pittsburgh will ever get to it , and yet something about it just turns me off . it 's not the best i 've ever had , and yet they charge you as if it is . maybe the reason i hate this place so damn much is because they 're just unnecessarily expensive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of authentic japanese restaurant in town ! ! ! the price is a bit high but you 'll never regret it . the food is so good fresh and delicious . i 've ordered the fried oysters , it 's really yummy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "acceptable japanese food in pittsburgh . foods are good but very costly . ( too ? ) friendly waitress . love their dessert ( ice-cream mochi )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we arrived early on a friday night and the place was packed.. after a short wait we were seated . it was apparent that our server was very busy and had too many tables but she still provided decent service . the menu is simple and we ordered sushi and some dessert . the sushi was very good . not the crazy sushi that has become all the rage with rolls as big as your fist , just plain old simple sushi focused on good fish . it was a nice change of pace . the rolls were reasonably priced as was the rest of the menu . we both said we would definitely come back and we liked the atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do not go here . the customer service is awful . the waitstaff rushes you out the door within minutes of you paying . in no way is the food worth the terrible experience . there are far better restaurants in pittsburgh , which do n't take reservations , that do n't tell you to leave as soon as you pay ( e.g. , point brugge ) . if you want good sushi , go down to kiku in station square . do n't waste your time and money at chaya .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "meh . really not that great . we were there on a saturday night , and it was quite busy . the sushi was edible , but really not that great . definitely not up to the rave reviews they 're getting from most yelpers . their new location is a lot nicer than the last one , though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we love chaya in squirrel hill on murray . byob , so bring your own sake . i love the toro aburi ( seared fatty tuna ) . it was first recommended to me by the chef my first time there and now i always get it . : ) they get their seafood from japan and nyc . this is our `` go to '' place . umi is also great , just quite a bit more expensive , and not necessarily `` better '' , just more trendy fancy . avoid nakama at all costs . small- can be a long wait since there is only one person preparing the sushi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chaya does good sushi , probably the best quality in the city . you 're going to pay for that quality though -- it 's hard to walk out without spending at least $ 20 per person , and you can spend much , much more . they also have an assortment of otherwise-hard-to-find appetizers , which are solid , but i would recommend the sushi above anything else . i you get the seared tuna , you 're in for quite a treat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "needed to get a mattress for our asu student daughter asap . josh took great care of us , showed the value of the different options and made she she got her mattress the next day ! can you say wow ! ! ! superior customer service is hard to find these days - but mattress firm delivered ! if you need are shopping for mattress , frames , etc - go see josh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sales people were friendly , knowledgeable and responsive . however , the company missed two scheduled delivery windows . the first time was because my mattress arrived at their warehouse defective so they rescheduled later in the week when a non-defective model would be available . a delivery was scheduled for last night but the delivery team did n't call and did n't did n't show up with my mattress so i just cancelled my mattress box spring frame order .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tex and kent were great guys ! they helped us out a lot with the mattress buying process as we were a young couple who did n't know much . highly recommended location ... thanks a lot guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and price , attention to detail and no pressure sales . highly recommend shopping here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys were fabulous ! ! very knowledgeable about mattresses and giving us the most bang for our buck ! ! very pleasant experience and we will definitely be back ! thanks sean paul !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "margaret was pleasant and helpful to work with . i am happy with the price that we paid and got the mattress we wanted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great mattress purchase experience ! we went in to look & he was n't pushy and helped us test every mattress to find our perfect one . he also helped us find a great payment plan . very friendly that made our shopping easier . thanks james ( tex ) ! will recommend to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "could n't have asked for a better deal or service ! would definitely recommend james . he works with you to find the best mattress for your needs and within your price point . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "margaret is amazing ! ! we definitely saved money and will sleep happy ! come here to buy your mattress : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a cute little bakery in east york town centre , i do n't usually buy things from there but i 've bought traditional afghan bread and a couple of kebab rolls , they 're good and run out pretty quickly . although it 's not the main focus , they serve bubble tea , a large for 4 dollars which is really good , their price and the tea ! even though it 's not fancy , its handmade and is absolutely delicious , better than any tea i 've had ! they put a generous amount of tapioca and jelly if you ask for it , sometimes however , they run out of tapioca , so make sure to ask before you order and the lady starts making the tea !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fresh , no frill bake shop . minimal service but very friendly owners . 2 chai teas and a bag of the freshest nans i have ever had in gta for $ 3 with change . yes , please !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the donuts are great , some of the best i 've ever had . the donuts are not as good at the other location on don mills . i like the coconut buns . the rest of the food does n't really tempt me , so i stick to what i know .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have bought a chocolate mousse cake from them twice but it was n't good . it melted very quickly even kept in fridge for some time before the kids cut it . kids did n't much like it either . i also tried the veggie samosa but that was pathetic not even close to be called a samosa . the bakery is good for regular bread and pastries only .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "two stars for the prime location . unfortunately the food was a disaster . marguerite pizza was a frozen cheese pizza with a few sprinklings of dried italian seasoning . no joke . husband made a comment to the server about the poor quality of the pizza when he inquired ( and mind you my husband never complains about food even if it is horrible ) and the server responded with something along the lines of the pizza being fresh , no basil of tomatoes on top because patrons complained about it so they 've responded with not putting anything on the pizza , except for a few sprinkles of what seemed to be italian seasoning ... not even the gourmet kind , but the cheap costco kind purchased in bulk . no fresh mozerella , nada . tuna salad was canned tuna dumped on top of cafeteria greens ... sorry guys , got ta get the food up to par ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the worst restaurant in montreal ! i ordered a soup and a salad . the salad was not fresh , the grilled chicken was frozen . the waiter brought a soup that i did not order , when i asked about it he told me that the mushroom soup was gone . he said that they were with less staff than necessary for the day and he did not know the availability of the meals in the kitchen . also , the menu was not updated . do n't waste your time here ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i rarely rate 1 star but it was terrible service . the waiter was mad all the time . i guess he was not happy to work on christmas eve around 8:30pm . at the end , he wrote down his tip at the end of the check . i really had when a waiter write or tells you that his tip is 15 % or above . seriously , i decide what i want to pay . his service did not deserve that much money . the waiter did not let us finish our wine when he was bringing the check . i will never go back to the restaurant . food was ok nothing that i would like to try again . we ordered pizza , lasagna and steak et frites .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "although i thought it might possibly deserve a 2-star , my two comrades did not agree . the pizza i had was definitely bearable . not that well cooked but tasty enough . i had the qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois pizza . cooked well on the bottom , veggies and toppings on top were still room temperature . one friend got the pasta al pesto . it was green and tepid . one friend got the penne arabitta . very spicy , but no taste . just spice . might as well have drank a bottle of franks red hot . one friend ordered 2 menu items . this was too hard for the kitchen . they settled on sending is one of them , and pretending like the other was not ordered . server had sass . portions were too small and expensive . beer was cold though so that 's a plus , right ? tourist trap for sure .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so yeah , we were walking through montreal really hungry and we knew that this will be just another tourist trap - and it was . worst service i ever had in camada so far the waiter is a horrible person , as in other references already stated . at the end we were just giving him 5 % tip and he was so pissed off and telling us that the tip is normally 15 % and he has to pay taxes - dude , for 15 tip you need to smile at least or come over sometime to see if we want something . food was okay tho , small portions , quite expensive ( 16 dollars + tax ) but decent taste . garlic bread was awful , bread with a little oil . not recommended at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "okay food , semi-rude service . we stopped in for a late dinner ( ~9.45pm ) and the waiter happily welcomed us in . the food was alright , nothing special but not terrible either . then , at 10.30pm , just as we were finishing our drinks , they turned the music off and turned on the lights - it was a strange way to basically kick us out , even though we had paid and were about to leave ! 45 mins-an hour for dinner is not overly lengthy - if they did n't want to stay open , they could have simply said when we walked in the door .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cute , quiet pizzeria in old montr\u00e9al . we were walking around and lunch time arrived . stopping in at bella vita did n't disappoint . we were greeted and seating upon entry and the staff was able to communicate with us in english ( great since we are coming from south of the border ) . we ordered the chicken pesto ( # 17 i believe ) and it was phenomenal . the olive oil drizzled on was a great twist and certainly new to me . i was very pleased with the quality and flavor , mainly due to the olive oil . i would certainly go back , and recommend bella vita to others . soft drinks could be priced a little more reasonably but oh well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awful experience with my family , the pizza and adult beverages at best 1 star . very hostile servers , what a dump . do not eat here ! ! ! ! you would be sorry too .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "walked in , sat down , and realized no one in the restaurant had any food on their tables . my food senses told me something was up so we quickly ran out the door after sitting at an empty table for 10 minutes . good thing we did . could n't be happier after reading all of these reviews on yelp . beware !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had a great dinner experience on 12 25 . it was the only ( or almost the only ) restaurant opened than day . my girl friend had the 4 cheeses pasta and i had the 4 cheeses pizza . both dishes were pretty good . for desert , the chocolate mousse was airy and tasted delicious", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ugh the worst . 16 $ cad for a personal size pizza . 8 for a pint of beer . other entrees are about 25 $ . food is mediocre , staff are slow to respond . prices are extortionate , but this is all to be expected for this tourist trap . eat here only if you have to , there 's nothing to recommend it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great restaurant with good prices . try to sit in the back by the window . my family had the pizza quebecoise , spaghetti bolognese , spaghetti carbonara , and steak frites . everything was delicious except the bolognese , which was a bit dry and bland . the waiters could have been nicer but they were satisfactorily polite , albeit curt , which explains the 4-star rating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really wanted to like this place ! great location and outdoor seating . we were promptly seated so things started off great . food ... frozen calamari barely heated was a huge turn off ! ! ! not worth the money . my friend ordered a ceasar salad ... . but where was the dressing ! ? ! ! it took about 30 minutes to bring out the food with several inquiries . horrible .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food and friendly service . we were seated right away and treated to nice warm bread and butter while we waited . the food was properly flavored and tasted good ! we were seated near a beautiful view of the old port . all around nice experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this little nook was just a great location for a quick stop . last summer , it was a hot day so my friend and i decided to get a pitcher of sangria , out on patio . it was actually not bad , they through in fresh apples and strawberries which made quite enjoyable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place is in great location . the food was pretty fine , i would not say it was awesome . the service was terrible . maybe we just got a wrong guy to serve us ... no checking on drinks , no suggestions on food ... another downside is cost , soups & pizza & salad close to $ 70 . pizzas are very small , the smaller cost would justify the size . i would not say the food had unique flavors . if you are in town for a weekend , find another place to make your weekend pleasant experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well , i read the reviews and since this restaurant was in a great location , we still decided to give it a try . the food as many of the reviews indicated is ok . i do n't think i would say its bad but it definitely could be improved . thank goodness for our waiter amen . if not for his friendly interaction and helpful advice to view the fireworks tonight , i 'd probably agree with 2.5 stars rounding up to three stars but since amen helped make our evening fun and enjoyable at bella vita , i 'm upping their rating to four stars ! thanks amen ! my advice , ask for amen and at least if your food is n't that great , you will still have a nice evening !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was average italian , good but not excellent . this place , is great for the ambiance around old montreal , especially outside when it 's warm enough . we found that the service was good and because of our waiter , amen , we had an even more pleasurable evening here at la bella vita , which is why the rating gets bumped up to 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "disagree with bad reviews . very positive experience . three adults dining at 7pm on a saturday night . excellent service and great pizza . not a fancy restaurants but delicious food and good atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service . i hired them through yelp messages . ( i received 9 different quotes ) the owner was quick to respond , professional and answered all of my questions . we live in california and needed to get our house ready to rent asap . they came out within days of hiring them and did a spectacular job . my husband was there with them and raved how professional , friendly and efficient they were . my husband is super clean and they exceeded all of his expectations . great company , great price and excellent customer service ! we will absolutely use them in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we originally hired m & m 's to clean just the outside of all of our windows . the guy that they sent to do the job did such an incredible job however , that we went ahead and had him clean the inside of some of the windows . he was prompt , efficient , professional and courteous . their prices were also very reasonable . m & m 's is now the only company that i 'll call to clean my windows .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brad was very professional ! he and his team did an amazing job and exceeded expectations !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called to have windows and screens cleaned . they scheduled me in the same week . they showed up on time - even a little early . the truck was well identified and they did a great job on my terribly dirty windows . in fact , they said is was the worst they had done . ( i live on dirt road and horse faciity - so you can imagine . ) i would highly recommend them for a professional service provider .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used them yesterday for the second time and am completely satisfied . you ca n't beat the price or the service . and , they are nice people to boot . i will definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "below average food , inexperienced service . not bad for a drink but look elsewhere for an all-around evening spot", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decor and ambiance 5 5 food 2 5 service 5 5 the muhammara lacked spice , was too oily , too runny , lacked consistency . the mint cucumber salad , was also oily and the red pickled onions clashed with the strong mint leaves ... quoting my boyfriend `` i feel like i 'm eating a mojito `` . also had the argentinian sausage , i do n't think they did very much other then just cut it up and put in a bowl ... i also have to mention this was a friday night around 8pm ... i got in the restaurant expecting a busy evening ... there was one other couple and a group of four people in the back . perhaps this is because of the food ? probably has to do with grinder next door stealing their customers as well . food was disappointing ... would not recommend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to le bureau for some drinks before our dinner at next door 's foxy . the place is beautiful , but i was a bit disappointed with the cocktail menu . the usual suspects were there , nothing extremely original or fancy , and the classic cocktails were made with the standard selection of alcohols ( beefeater gin , etc. ) . nothing really special . we did n't have food ( other than some marinated olives , which were good ) , but what the folks around us had smelled pretty good . i would go back given the chance , but i do n't think this place would ever become a 5-star place for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i loved this place almost instantly ! great tapas with lots of flavor . while they do n't have all the typical spanish tapas ( i missed papatas bravas and ) they have other delicious options . i loved their olive paste , chicken and beef tapas . skip the hummus . definitely a place to visit for 5 a 7 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "je voulais essayer cette place depuis son ouverture dans griffintown pour prendre un verre plut\u00f4t que le rufus ou encore le grinder donc me voici au bureau bar tapas . je n'ai pas \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9\u00e7u , le genre de place o\u00f9 on peut amener une date copine ou encore entre amis . donc venu ici exclusivement pour prendre un verre , en rentrant on constate un joli charme ainsi qu'un beau bar bien rempli sur la gauche . ils ont une bonne carte cocktails bi\u00e8res . prix corrects . on aime le style avec lumi\u00e8res tamis\u00e9es + mur de briques d\u00e9co . le barman \u00e9tait sympa et efficace ! bon service . bien aim\u00e9 ma soir\u00e9e . je reviendrais ici pour go\u00fbter aux tapas ! wifi gratuit . carte de cr\u00e9dits accept\u00e9es .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super endroit pour un verre et un peu de bouffe ( \u00e7a va de soi consid\u00e9rant la formule tapas ) mais disons que ce n'est vraiment pas un endroit pour un repas en bonne et d\u00fbe forme , c'est pas un resto . les tapas sont bien , mais je ne suis pas tomb\u00e9 sur le cul pour autant . correct . belle s\u00e9lection de vins . ambiance dynamique et agr\u00e9able .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super lieu , super bouffe , super drink , belle ambiance mais ... le service est bien trop long . allez faites un petit effort", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was one more stop in our great trip to montreal . we had some amazing tapas while we were there . we sat outside on a beautiful saturday evening and the service was great . we had a ton of food and the drinks were also great . best of all , with such a large group , we really appreciated this and most of the other places where they accommodated with splitting the bill with the fancy wireless credit card devices . made it super-convenient . so the cheese platter was really good . the batata was great . the mini-naans with hummus was a great great idea . i naan bread was awesome . much better than your usual pita bread . i 've got to figure out how to make naan like that . i pretty had all of these veggie items , which was great . definitely hit the spot after we had a heavy brunch earlier in the day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved the food , ambiance and drinks ! the food was very delicious . the ambiance is cozy , casual and warm ! good for a nice gathering for drinks or even a birthday gathering . as well the cocktails are delicious . i tried the balsamic berry and i loved it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it here . the atmosphere was perfect and would be great for anything from a date to a large party . i came with 13 girls for a bachelorette party and the service was amazing ! we all fit in a big booth and were able to be as noisy as we wanted . max was our server and he was incredibly patient , quick to replace drinks and super helpful with the menu . everything we got was absolutely delicious too- the potatoes , shrimp , cheese with bourbon and calamari were awesome . the service really made it though ... thanks max !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked on a sunday afternoon with my girlfriend . eventhough we came last minute and it wasnt suring regular hours service was great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soir\u00e9e entre amis parfaite . une jolie terrasse avec des voilages nous a permis de profiter de l'ext\u00e9rieur . service a \u00e9t\u00e9 chaleureux et pas exp\u00e9ditif . nous avons vraiment appr\u00e9ci\u00e9 la nourriture et les cocktails .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite tapas bar in montreal ! i go at least once a month and just spent a wonderful evening with family from toronto who also commented on good food and atmosphere . the owner renaud is authentic and all round nice guy ! thank you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great discovery ! three of us ( one vegan , one vegetarian , one meat eater ) found ourselves at le bureau while we were looking for another place and am i ever glad we did ! all three of us feasted to our hearts ' content ! we ordered six different tapas and every single one was delicious . the tomatoes were fresh and the dressing crisp and delicious , the roasted potatoes were perfectly seasoned with a tasty double drizzle ( one chipotle , one lime ) . my vegan friend was disappointed as the lime coulis was made with mayonnaise , but our waiter quickly accomodated her by preparing the dish with a tangy pesto drizzle . moreover , the service was impeccable . two servers waited on us , and both were friendly , funny , efficient and really , really charming ! overall , our girls ' evening was memorable . i 'm going back soon for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2nd time here.totally , utterly disappointed . we ordered 7 tapas which were delivered within 5-10 minutes , all together . now you must be thinking why is a fast service a bad thing.. well , because the food was cold , was sitting pre made , microwaved and sent out . i kid you not , the beef skewers were warm outside and cold inside.. same with salmon croquettes , the shrimps too . fried calamari was probably killed alive in salt cuz , thats how salty it was . cherry on top , the waiter had terrible bo !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "magnifique endroit , tr\u00e8s abordable pour le happy hour , et en plus la serveuse a parmi les plus beaux yeux qu'on ait jamais vu ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here on a friday without reservations . great terasse , the bench has pillows . there were pots which looked like peppers sprouting . the service was rather slow and it took a while before drinks were served . the patatas bravas were good , served with an aoli sauce . i was not blown away with the charcuterie platter . there was a small piece of bread , few slices of prosciutto , tiny pieces of churrio , a smidge of mustard and few cornishons . if i would return , i would do drinks and skip the food . the atmosphere was nice and the decor is pretty inside . it 's great place to people watch as everyone was hip and stylish .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "loved this place . we went on a friday night around 7:30 for dinner . we were seated right away . the tapas portions are pretty great . all dishes have are really full of flavor that tickles your taste buds . the service was great , food & drinks came in no time . it started getting packed around 11 pm . the music was great & the ambiance was super comfortable . we ordered the flambe shrimps with garlic herb butter appetizer , as well as the patatas bravas with aoli sauce , flambe cheese , hummus with homemade naan , beets with pistachio & cilantro salad , mushrooms with pancetta , burrata with cherry tomatoes in reduced balsamic & basil , scallop & shrimp rissotto , beef with chimichurri sauce . all really delicious & enough for 3 people . would definitely revisit this place again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have returned to intermezzo a few times and the serbian dishes are very good . the beef burek is very good . think of it is a flaky calzone with perfectly seasoned ground beef . i have also tried the stuffed cabbage ( sarma ) which was very good . additionally , the sandwiches are very good since they make their own bread . i highly recommend this place and it is reasonably priced too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is truly a gem to charlotte ! i 'm so glad i finally got a chance to give them a try . we started with two appetizers the ricotta and goat cheese crostini and bruschetta . they were both excellent . i especially loved the homemade sauce that comes with the crostini . so yummy and great for dipping ! i 'd recommend both of them if it 's your first time ! for my meal i ordered the piroska . geesh , it was amazing ! i absolutely agree with nikki - this is definitely a hidden star on the menu ! i mean it 's similar to a calzone and packed with flavor . based on a recommendation from our server i added spinach and it was a perfect combination of awesome . i also got to sample a bit of the eggplant moussaka and it 's just as yummy ! i mean there are a ton of great options here ! i seriously do not think you can go wrong . there 's so much more that i want to try so i 'm already looking forward to coming back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with our 3rd coupon this year ! yay ! this time google offers . had the ricotta and goat cheese crostini again as an appetizer , still yummy ! this time i ordered the house-made ravioli ... amazing ! dense raviolis . strong sun-dried tomato flavor , very cheesey , rich but fresh marinara . i highly recommend this dish , you wo n't be disappointed . ordered dessert this time around . the crepes ... i die . bananas and strawberries inside , nutella-like drizzle outside ( but with white chocolate too ? ) . order the crepes ! still wish the prices were a little lower .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ahh intermezzo your 1 2 price martini 's on sat . night made me so happy ... .i must have tried at least six different kinds and all be back for the cantaloupe . this restaurant is such a great find the staff is very friendly the place is small but has a great outdoor seating area when the warmer weather arrives you 'll find me here . let 's talk about food as suggested by fellow yelpers i went for the beef burek delicious the homemade phyllo dough was unbelievable . make sure to order some apps the corn dip and goat cheese crostini 's were a big hit . i ca n't wait to get back and try some pizza !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place never disappoints ! i live in south florida but every time i come to charlotte to visit the bf , i love coming here ! the food is beyond fresh and delicious . the service has always been fantastic . the setting is cozy and rustic but not over the top . every seat feels intimate and comfortable and the noise level is perfect . my favorite is the milanese pizza ... .omg yum ! if you ca n't decide , they will do a half half large pizza for you . we did the milanese intermezzo supreme split ... no regrets ! ! ! woooh ! we got the red pepper bruschetta this past visit and believe me , i have thought about that alone several times this week during day dreams . our waitress was beyond helpful , accommodating and super attentive ! i really love the braided bread too being a carboholic . i can not wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice now , and i love this place . the atmosphere is my favorite thing about it . it is a place in which i would enjoy becoming a regular . the outdoor seating on the front patio is very inviting . the drink list is vast , and the pizza is fab . all employees i have encountered have been great ! i wish i lived closer so i could hang out there more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite pizza spot in charlotte but it is pricey", "score": "4"}
{"review": "glad i found another place that can cater to my late night hunger needs ! i 've been meaning to try intermezzo . every time i pass by , the restaurant is packed - at all times ( always a good sign ) . plus , i love discovering new places to eat and indulge . as we walked into intermezzo , a dimly light setting coupled with wooden booths greets us - very elegant for a `` pizzeria . '' why the quotations , you may ask ? when i surveyed the menu , to my surprise i found a list of serbian specialties . my eyes lit up and i am pleasantly surprised . everything sounded delicious , but we locked down on a smoked gouda burger and a traditional serbian dish - cheese and spinach burek . both were delicious and i am excited to try the other serbian dishes next time . mission eggplant musaka is next !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! my husband and i are huge pizza lovers and have found what we consider the best at intermezzo . plus they deliver to our home . highly recommend a 16 '' with 1 2 milanese and 1 2 spinach supreme . the leftovers are perfect for pizza eggs the next morning . when we dine at the restaurant , the staff is always so welcoming and nice . ca n't beat delicious food and great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good pizza and very unique . you need to try this place at least once . the only downsides are that it 's a little small on the inside , and while they have a large outdoor seating section , it 's at a busy intersection so it can get very loud at times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like intermezzo a lot . the 1st time i came here a few years ago i ordered the wrong thing and kind of wrote it off , but gave it another shot last summer and am so glad i did ! the pizzas are really good here . nice and thin , with a good chewy crust . i love the corn dip appetizer . its whole corn kernels and some cheese and other deliciousness . the bolognese is extremely yummy . nice and hearty with the homemade pasta , perfect comfort food . i could go on , but you get the point , everything is really good . i have always had good service here , so no complaints there . prices are reasonable , the patio is nice , and its not too far from home . what 's not to love ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a go-to place for my husband and me , when we just want a casual but intimate dinner . perfect `` comfort spot '' ! we usually just get pizza - the crust is just perfect , nicely thin but with a lovely `` crusty '' crust . we love the `` pepe ed olive '' pizza that comes with ground beef . in fact , the ground beef ( which first sounded a little odd to me ) is so good , we often opt to substitute it for other meats . ask for parmesan ; it 's not just a green tub of dusty cheese , but a bowl of nicely grated actual cheese ( how crazy ) ! they have a relatively small but respectable selection of beers and wines . great when you want an easy dinner , not too many choices ! it 's a nice , cozy setting with brick walls , just the right lighting , and really friendly servers . we often get caught up in conversations with our servers , and although they do n't mind stopping to chat , you 're never left waiting on them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered pizza there last weekend - and sadly they lost a star . while it was better than your local dominoes or that yucky papa john 's people in nc seem to enjoy ... it was n't as good as hawthornes or even fuel in my opinion . the sauce was kind of bland-could have used garlic or something and truthfully the cheese pizza lacked cheesiness . instead of being gooey and melty - it kind of seemed too baked on . i 'd go here for the serbian fare but no pizza for me next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pizza here is top notch , owner is pretty funny , and the chicken francese is off the charts . for some reason i thought ordering grilled eggplant was a good idea , obviously it wasnt , but at least i wasnt too full . definitely reccomended and i might even feel comfy enough to eat solo at the bar here in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here often but things have slipped , foodwise . our four mushroom pizza had only a handful of limp slivers -- not the juicy assortment we 'd had before . and the roasted veggie pizza offered only a handful of chopped onions and other diced greens rather than the smokey slices we 'd enjoyed previously . anyone can have an off night so we 'll try again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pink lady martini ( tarty good ) & dark hollow drought ( similar to guinness & good ) the pizza 's here are amazing ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent pizza , warm neighborhood feeling , friendly staff , casual atmosphere , good variety of beer and tea . only had a pizza , but other patrons had attractive plates , so it looks like there is good variety of dishes . a bit crowded inside , but its a small place and you 'd expect a good restaurant to be crowded . it was too cold to be outside so ca n't comment on that experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "date night at intermezzo ! our hostess did not ask us if we preferred indoor or outdoor seating . she proceeded to seat us at a table off to the side , which had hard card table style chairs . the table itself was on a slope , and i felt like i was at the top of the hill and my husband was at the bottom . we asked to be moved and were accommodated by the hostess , who appeared to be harried . our new table sported chairs that were more comfortable . we ordered the quattro fromagio pizza . it appeared to be dry and over cooked , with some of the crust darkened , however , it was edible . but , hey , it was date night ! we still had a good time !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wo n't be back here ever again . after numerous bad meals , we decided to only go there for drinks -mainly half price martinis on saturday ... we f 'd up and came in today ( sunday ) craving a martini . we waited twenty minutes for two drinks . granted , only one person was working ( so we thought ) but he did n't even attempt to communicate on the delay until we said something ... the worst thing was , a douche started problems with another customer which would n't have bothered me ( i like a good show ) had the two manager owners not magically popped up to argue with the guy ! if it was busy enough for our server to be in the weeds , they should 've been on the floor helping the staff . just thought that was crap and we decided we would n't be back . that is all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "last week my girlfriend and i ordered takeout from intermezzo . my gf has allergies so i checked the order when i picked it up to see if it was correct . in the dim light it was hard to tell so i pointed out to the bartender who got it for me that the order looked incorrect . he was very belligerent , snapped that the order was correct , and walked away . unfortunately when we got back home we discovered it was n't correct ... the sides were right but the meals were someone else 's dinner . we spent $ 30+ for a meal my gf could n't eat . to the owner 's credit when i called and pointed out the mistake she replied quickly and corrected the issue . overall the food is great and other than the experience with the bartender the staff was very polite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ask for will . awesome service and great food . corn dip is the bomb . pizza is fantastic . love this place . quiet afternoon lunch and never had to ask for a thing . will be back for sure ! ! ! excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . so incredibly lame . i ordered delivery off of chownow and it never came . the restaurant never answered the calls and i had to call chownow for a refund , who also could n't get a hold of them . keep searching for another place as you may starve before you realize your food is never coming .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food and knowledgeable friendly staff . the loss of a star is due to when it got busy , the staff were stretched too thin and service really slowed down . not only was my water glass empty but i had eaten all of the ice before it was refilled . from the looks of it , the same thing happened to a number of tables around us . however , the food was tasty and i love that they have unique beers on tap . oh , and the dessert crepe was amazing . i 've tried some of paris ' best crepes and this 'merican crepe crushed all of them . i 'd go back just for dessert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in for lunch and had this amazing `` little '' gem called a piroska ( balkan style stuffed pizza ) that tasted like a stromboli and a calzone had a delicious baby . great service and great atmosphere . will definitely be back ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was fresh and tasty but service was very slow ... and served with an attitude . it was a sunday afternoon lunch . we sat outside and it was n't busy ... which made the poor service all the more confounding .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been a few times over the past years and im always impressed with the service and food . we were celebrating a birthday and started out at a booth but people kept joining us and we had to add chairs . the server was accommodating and friendly , never made us feel we were asking too much . i 've tried several things on the menu but now i always order the ground beef burek . it 's so delicious ! ! a serbian dish with ground beef and onions , wrapped in phyllo dough . it came with cucumbers in a tzatiki sauce and a small salad . heavenly . if you want an appetizer the bruchetta is always a hit , and i also recommend the crepes for dessert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since i live near this restaurant i really wanted it to be great . it was n't . in fact , i 'll probably never go again . both of our orders were cold when they were brought out and even if they had been hot , i do n't think they would have been that special . the decor our waitress were nice , but the food was sub par . it 's a shame since this location changes ownership so frequently , but this place is destined not to last .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my girlfriends and i decided to eat here randomly last night . we ordered two appetizers to share . the goat cheese crostini and the garlic knot bread . both were tasty but neither i would order again . at least i can say i tried them . my girlfriends got a pizza and the homemade ravioli to share and i tried the ravioli and it was amazing ! ! ! i wish i would have ordered that ! i ordered the stuff peppers and they were ok . i expected a little more since the waiter talked them up so much but to me it was an ok dish . it basically was a pepper stuffed with beef and a small amount of rice with tomato sauce . also , when i received my dish it was cold in the middle : ( hopefully it will be better as leftovers at lunch today .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "whenever we want pizza , this is the place we call ( for delivery ) . we 've eaten here several times and thought it 's worth mentioning . they also have pretty good hummus and other options for those who do n't want italian . i have no complaints and this is where we go for italian . however , it does n't blow my socks off . i 've eaten at italian restaurants ( when living in charleston , sc ) that are out of this world . this place is good , and that 's about it . nothing outstanding here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a hard to navigate corner heading into plaza midwood , but once you get there , there 's delicious pizza and serbian food waiting for you . their plates are huge and you 'll definitely have leftovers to take home . this trip , we came on a saturday night . my husband got a large pizza and i got the breca something ( it was breaded pork cutlet ) . my husbands pizza was full of veggies and meat on every slice and he could n't have been happier . my meal was extremely dry , and i asked for olive oil to help . our ( wonderful ) server said that the serbs eat this meal with the creamed spinach on top of the pork . i wish it would have been served that way , or i was told how to eat it when it came to the table because i could n't get past the dryness , but the spinach did help ! this is definitely a spot to check out and expand your pallet on ( or stay in the safe zone with their traditional fare ) !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was awesome as was the pizza but the crepe was everything . the best i 've ever had . i 've passed this place a million times but never stopped . i 'm glad we decided to pop in tonight . the owner was friendly and trey was knowledgeable and offered tips on the menu and took his time explaining the items to us as first timers . everything is fresh and made in house daily .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place always has great service ! specializing in serbian food , intermezzo is different and delicious . i suggest starting with the hummus , getting a pizza for your main course and drinking a lot of their yummy tap beers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our visit here was unplanned but i am so glad we found it ! we stopped around lunchtime . we had the choice to sit outside ( very nice looking patio area ) or inside . we opted for inside since the pollen is awful right now . julie waited on us . the menu did n't have any kids items but she told me that they are happy to make kids pasta with sauce or butter or cheese ( or all of the above . ) she got my daughters order in immediately so she would n't starve . i had a pizza and my wife had blackened chicken pasta . we all loved what we got . i 'm talking delicious . and julie was awesome and kept our drinks refilled . overall i would rate it as one of our favorites .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first look at the menu and i was impressed . interesting and unique dishes . we ordered the stuffed peppers and a grouper special . presentation was nice however the food was lacking in flavor . it was good but not great . i will go back ... the food is good and it 's unique so there are definitely more dishes to try . oh.. the service was great ! our server was on top of our every need !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is pretty good here . we usually just get pizza and a salad . ive heard the serbian food is really good . the service is up and down . the beer selection is very good and the atmosphere is cool .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my new place to take somebody from out of town , dates , or just chow down with friends . the place is very comfortable and clean . their beer selection is great ( try the effemer apple beer ) . appetizers are slightly pricey but tasty and well worth it . the menu will have you bartering with friends ( you get ____ , i 'll give you some of my ____ ) and planning on future visits . i had the karadjordjeva and it was delicious . i planned on trying their desserts ( which sound amazing ) but i was too full . go here . you wo n't regret it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "creative great food , funky plaza midwood vibe . our regular friday night date place . do n't get our table : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the server ( i think possibly one of the owners ) was so nice and accommodating . i am a huge fan of the margherita pizza when made with a tomato base but do n't really care for the olive oil base but my friend loves the oil base . this place offered to make the pizza half and half . no restaurant has ever offered to split a pizza with mixed bases . this was amazing customer service . we also ordered karadjordjeva . the skillet potatoes were awesome . i just wish there were more in the serving !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "glad we had a gift card and did n't pay for this meal ourselves . i had a turkey burger , asked for no onions and it was covered in both purple onions and white ones were cooked in the meat , which also made it taste like meatloaf instead of a turkey burger . not a fan of the bread it comes with personally , but if you like their pizza crust , the bread on this sandwich is the same . we also ordered fettuccini and blackened chicken , which was very bland . it just did n't have much of a taste at all . the last thing we ordered was the pepperoni sausage pizza ( ca n't remember name ) . it was exactly what you ordered , so if thats the pizza you want , you 'll be good to go with that one .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "solid solid four stars . i do n't think i ordered the right thing so my dish was relatively , but i 'd still recommend it because i think there 's significant upside . cool setting , unique setup . i 'm surprised more people do n't talk about this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum yum . everything we had was excellent ! stuffed cabbage was soo good . we had a stuffed thing with mushrooms , ham , goat cheese , that was yummy . also some stuffed thing with goat cheese and spinach . yum . to end our meal we had tiramisu . one if my favorite desserts . it was one of the best i 've had . atmosphere was fun and and service was good . although slightly pricey we will be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice . the first time i tried through groupon . there are a ton of great options on the menu . both times i have been i have split an appetizer and then gotten one of the serbian meals . i have asked on recommendations from the waiter both times and have been very pleased . note that the indoor seating is limited , but the outdoor is heated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent ! we visited early monday evening , no wait . service was first rate , intelligent , timely and considerate . the food : outstanding ! we had the house -made ravioli and vegetarian pizza . we 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first , if you consider walmart to have high quality goods , this is n't the shop for you . the monocle shop , the latest retail outpost brand extension from canada 's tyler brule , is a tiny , highly edited store containing a lot of stuff you probably do n't need at prices you probably ca n't afford . that said , if you love to shop and you 're looking for brands that normally ca n't be found in canada , then you should stop by . sick of moleskine ? by some monocle stationery . sick of socks made in cambodia ? by some socks made in japan . sick of listening to internet radio for free ? buy a $ 530 internet radio that has a special button to take you directly to monocle 24 . i like the monocle brand . i like the shop . it 's not for everyone and it certainly is open to being made fun of .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was in the neighbourhood , popped in and was impressed with the quality of product this place has to offer . met avery , super nice guy . great business , make your way down there for the perfect gift for yourself or a loved one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really wanted to give this place a good review as they did help me out but my experience was just not worth the price . i came here on saturday to get a shellac manicure . it was my first time getting shellac so i was excited but nervous because i personally like to paint my nails myself and change the color often so shellac would just last too long for me . anyways , jenna did my nails and she was very nice and fun to chat with during my appointment . she did a good job overall , except my gel peeled literally one day later . luckily , they were able to redo the 2 nails that were peeling yesterday free of charge . today 2 more of my nails are already peeling . i thought shellac was supposed to last a few weeks , not a few days ? pretty disappointed with the outcome , but the staff is very friendly and the hair care service looks great . unfortunately , i wo n't be coming back here to get my nails done .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fantastic salon ! ! ! ! i had a hair disaster at another salon the day before . john was able to squeeze me in for an appointment immediately and kelley was amazing ! she was able to take a botched highlight lowlight orange like , greenish , grayish burn job and make it better ! beyond that , the salon is just adorable . it is full service and you can have everything done in one spot . they have so many colors for shellac manicures . it is a warm and friendly environment . everyone is so sweet and genuinely cares about you . i have already booked my next appointment . kelley was a lifesaver and an amazing stylist ! give her a try , you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here while i was home on break and i am so glad i did . kelley was wonderful . i was nervous about getting highlights over my dyed black hair but it turned out great ! she was easy to talk to and very professional . i will definitely come back when i 'm in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "piazza is awesome . there are countless salons hairdressers in the area but this is the only place i 'll go . they are the nicest bunch of people and they do n't try to pressure you into buying things you do n't need . the salon is clean and they do n't bombard you with a million candles or other fake scented smelly nonsense . they take their time with you so you feel like their # 1 priority . brittany does my cut and color and she is marvelous . in the past i would leave the salon and have to go home to immediately wash and style my hair myself , but i can leave piazza 's and go right out to dinner . my fiancee has also struggled with his hair for years , but even his first time in they gave him the best hair cut i 'd ever seen him get . i highly recommend piazza 's to anyone looking for a quality salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are assholes ... of course . according to the glendale police officer who i just spoke to , they are only allowed to charge up to $ 135 in 24 hours and up to $ 50 if it is `` after hours . '' we were charged $ 200 . these businesses are literally the bane of our existence and produce more hate and loathing than isis and isil .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these guys are crooks . they have claimed to be police officers many times to gain access to your vehicle . do not trust !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they are lucky i ca n't give zero stars ... i have no problem paying a fine , i was in the wrong . but when you tow me on a saturday night at 11pm and do n't open til monday ( making me miss my flight home ) is outrageous . what kind of shitty business practice is that ? and to top it off , they charged me a storage fee for the 1 hr it was there sat night and the days they are n't open as if it 's my problem that it wa st here that long ... two companies are hard to work for ... but ones without compassion are scum of the earth ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yay ! love this place . ive been coming here for years . its always very clean & pleasant employees . great monthly deals if you sign a year contract .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this location . i have been 10+ times and i believe that the employees are generally upbeat and hard working . i have always gotten an even spray tan without complaints & the versa has a heater in it to keep your warm despite the cold spray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "since tan factory combined with body heat the service has been so bad , i will never go back there . i only gave them 2 stars because the girls that work there r nice , their corporate office on the other hand i do n't even know where to begin . they screwed over not just me , my younger brother and sister as well . charged out account when they were n't supposed to , lied on the type of service we paid for , changed procedures n were so unsympathetic it 's insane . do not use their services , there are so many privately owned tanning salons that deserve out business ! they may be cheaper but u will pay more in the long run .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tan factory on flamingo is pretty straight-forward . i must preface this review by saying that i only go tanning when i 'm able to get the groupon discount . it is usually about $ 25 for 30 days of the standard bed . that 's good enough for me ! anyway , once you 've signed up , your normal routine will consist of walking in , telling them your last name , and then pressing on the finger scanner . they tell you which room to go to and they ask you how many minutes you 'd like . it 's as simple as that ! occasionally , you 'll get a high school student who is slow behind the computer but it 's a tanning salon , not the doctor 's office . it 's no biggie . they are n't really pushy about trying to sell lotions or expensive packages , so that 's nice too . i purchase my own tanning lotion at walmart , which is a lot cheaper . i highly recommend tan factory to beat the winter blues !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love body heat . i have been going there for about 5 years now . great service . if you have a problem , just call corporate and they will do their best to help you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in for my very first spray tan last week and leanna did a great job walking me through a step by step instructions . i went back in the following day about missed spots and they took me back right then and fixed with the airbrush . i went back again today for the free tan weekend and they took good care of me . they 've given me suggests for best practices to get the best tan . now i did not purchase a membership so i can speak to that aspect of the business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sadly this one is closed . i found so much at this one . went to the meadows mall last weekend and noticed that it 's some generic body care store . this one was bigger than the blvd . mall miracle mile shops locations , and had really good selection . get the member card , subscribe to the e-mail list , and shop the sales . i really love the body butter products ( mango , coconut , shea butter , vitamin e , cocoa butter , raspberry , just to name a few ) , the gifts ( no-brainer gift idea ) , and the foot kits ( great as gifts , but i use it too ) . am the only one that thinks this is funny that one can still write reviews for something 's that 's closed ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they just re-opened at meadows mall . store is across from victoria 's secret . i rarely shop here , but customer service at this location was excellent . two thumbs up for the girls working here . they were very knowledgeable and helped 2 male customers pick things for their wives . they even provided a little jar so you can take a sample home . as part of the grand opening special , they are offering a free one year membership card to the body shop with purchase ( $ 10 value at meadows mall location only ) , and if you spend $ 30 or more you get a gift set with satsuma scented products and a lotion . the great thing was that i was able to use my groupon on any items in the store , including sale items . score !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome service . i am new to the ins tore buying of the body shop . the sales associate help me get the online product price , she also help set me up an account . i really like the service and products offered here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joe d. please contact me about service on 22 feb . i ca n't contact you other than via an update . mitchkotula ( at sign ) yahoo ( dot ) com", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a miserable valentine 's day dinner here . slow service , and undercooked prime rib is not acceptable when paying these kind of prices . they do have fantastic brownies , which is the only reason i gave them two stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "took a gentleman i was interviewing and his wife out to dinner here . it 's casual with decent food . started with the corn bread appetizer . not the best corn bread i have ever had . i wo n't get that again . i had the salmon grilled on a cedar plank . was tasty , even though i do n't typically enjoy salmon . the wild rice salad was not the best .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "get the smoked salmon and the cornbread ! ! ! those are two of my absolute favorite things on the menu . i do n't think i 've ever been here and not ordered the smoked salmon ! it 's served with toast points and an herb aioli that they make in house . the cornbread is made and served in a cast iron skillet with honey ok the side . the salads are all great . and huge ! my favorite thing about the salads is the croutons . they make them from the corn bread ! ! this is a good date night spot . or a nice place to bring friends and family . we 've celebrated a few occasions here . the servers are always knowledgeable and friendly . i 've never had a bad experience here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately recents visits have been not so good , this place seems like it 's lost it 's quality of food . the crab cakes have changed for the worse , they are no longer jumbo lump mounds that you would get in a place that knows how to prepare them . the last time i got crab cakes here , they were very small and had a horrible taste , almost as if they are mixing in fish for filler . i could n't stand their flavor so i left them off the salad . sorry 131 , but i wo n't be back , there are way too many good restaurants around to settle for less than average .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's hard to go wrong with 131 . the food is consistently very good . i find myself craving their corn bread every month or two . one of my favorites in charlotte . they miss the 5th star because the do seem a bit pricey , and on our last visit , our waiter forgot about ignored us ... twice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the management of this restaurant should be ashamed . i had previously attended this restaurant with some other adults while visiting family in the area and enjoyed the food . last night i called ahead asking if there would be availability for a party of 6 and was told there was `` no wait '' and to `` come on in '' . we immediately went there ( 5 minutes later ) and as soon as the hostess saw we had children we were told there would be a 45 minute wait , with empty tables everywhere . the same thing happened to my sister multiple times in the last few years . i live in ct and have never been discouraged from bringing my well behaved children anywhere , including the top restaurants in manhattan any night of the week , much less a sunday as it was last night . shame on 131 for not welcoming everyone . they will never get my business and be warned if you have children -- do not go there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is always great and consistent here . great for an intimate dinner or night with friends . we love the cornbread , ribeye , and trout . wonderful !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "inexperienced hostesses . not a great way to start off ! food was very good ! artichokes are always amazing stephanie ( waitress ) very good wine very good", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i thoroughly enjoyed my experience at 131 main . the customer service was unbelievable ... i ca n't understand why others have dinged them on that measure . we dined during queen 's feast and felt like royalty . the menu was explained well , we received a complimentary cornbread ( omg that was good ! ) as we were first time diners , and the wait staff was patient and flexible . i have to say it is one of the best dining experiences i have ever had . and oh yeah , the food was great . i had the ribs with loaded mashed potatoes and my partner had a steak and fries . we each had soup as an appetizer and finished with their amazing strawberry shortcake . i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i took his parents that were visiting from out of state here for dinner and overall had a good experience . the deviled eggs and cornbread are a must try appetizer . we brought two bottles of our own wine and loved the fact that 131 main does n't charge a corkage fee ! i ordered the ribeye however they were out of the pineapple soy sauce glaze so i 'm bummed i did n't get to try it with that marinade however it was still very good without it . i will call our service decent solely because of the long periods of waiting for our server to come back to the table other then that , will try again soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful service- waitress was attentive and the manager even stopped by a few times to make sure everything was perfect . the cornbread is completely out of this world . the chips appetizer is good , but impossible to compete with the cornbread which is worth the entire trip . the banana cream pie is heaven- after a meal you can easily split it with a person or two.. strawberry shortcake is just as good and not as rich . ahi tuna salad is delicious ! large portion . most solidly tasty plain burger you will find . nothing special about the burger , just simple and great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best fish dishes of my life . i had the special which was blackened mahi mahi with lump crab meat on top . the fish was plated on some amazing cheese grits and it had a corn salsa sauce on top ... .simply amazing . service was good and the cocktails were on point as well . all in all , a nice date night with the wife . we 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was ok . i do n't mind `` paying '' for a nice meal at all but i thought it was just a little over priced . the food was alright and the service was great . i wo n't go out of my way to come back but i 'm not saying i wo n't come back ... we did enjoy ourselves , nice atmosphere ... . just not impressed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "131 has been one of my favorite restaurant in charlotte for years . when my mother-in-law came to visit i was excited to bring her here . my husband and i came for the meat loaf and the roasted chicken which we got every time we came . so tonight when we came we found out both were taken off the menu . we were so disappointed and when it was brought up to the manager his comment was `` well it 's been off the menu for 6 months '' . i do n't think we will ever go back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've never had a bad meal at this place very impressive restaurant in blakeney . i would recommend this for small groups big groups couples and singles . parking is very good here there 's a lot of spaces", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went back on sunday & had a fantastic experience ! the food & service was phenomenal ! 131 main is back ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service and good food . we went here to eat not knowing what to expect . we were disappointed when the appetizer we ordered did n't come out in a timely fashion , but the waiter realized this and comped us and then rushed out app order out to us . he was very nice about it and realized the mistake before we ever said a word to him . mistakes happen and i think that the fix more than made up for the issue . the meals we ordered were excellent . the seafood was fresh and the crab cakes had huge lumps of crab meat in them . the loaded mashed potatoes are amazing and will bring me back again . my daughter had a hotdog off of the kids menu ( you have to ask the server what is on the kids menu since it is not published ) . the hot dog was huge and on a onion bun . she loved her entire meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food , bartender daniel is amazing but hostess staff is not friendly or helpful at all , we were told 20-25 minutes wait time with a 2 year old , checked back at 30 minutes was told any second , several couples were seated who had walked in after us without reservation and we were still waiting , ordered to go from bar and left while waiting for food was called to table at 45 minutes while several other couples also were seated who had also walked way after us with no call ahead or reservation", "score": "3"}
{"review": "today my husband and i and our mother celebrated my birthday and valentine 's day . we 've come here several times , our last visit was easter . but today 's meal and service was exceptional . my mom and i had the sumptuous crab cakes and pan-fried cornbread ( a must-have ) . my husband had the shrimp and grits . the crab cakes are all crab no bread filler and the shrimp and grits delicious with slight kick to them . this is my go to spot for any occasion and we love to bring friends here from out of town too . please keep up the truly remarkable service . i ca n't wait to visit again and soon as my sister will be visiting from frigid new york in march .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places in ballantyne ... i 'd highly recommend the corn bread and shrimp and grits . great staff and nice bar and dining room .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "less then stellar steak . typically the food is above par , but tonight 's ribeye was something i expect from chili 's . not sure if they have a sub-standard cut of steak for their $ 69 `` dinner for 2 '' or i just got a really greasy , fatty , overly charred food lion steak .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "lovely ambience , excellent food , and great service . my husband and i typically dine at 131 main for lunch and we share a roast beef ( french dip ) sandwich and a wedge salad . we have been there for lunch and dinner and have tried many of their sandwiches , salads , and the burger and all are very good , but we actually crave the french dip and wedge salad and find ourselves going there specifically for that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "131 main never disappoints . excellent service , and every meal was delicious . this is even more impressive since it was during queen 's feast . let 's face it , the chaos of queen 's feast usually results in poorer service and rushed meal prep . if the experience is good during this week , then normal weeks will be phenomenal . cedar plank salmon was some of the best i 've had anywhere . crab cake salad was awesome as well . qf selection desserts were excellent - and ginormous ! overall great dinner at a great value .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we come here often . the food is always delicious , but the service is even better . from the hostess to the wait staff to management . it is a1 . i normally get the salmon which never disappoints", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great time here . went for lunch and i got a chicken dish that was on special for that day it was great . my girlfriend got the `` awesome roast beef '' sandwich . we split our meals and both were great . however , i came here specifically to write a review for the skillet cornbread on the appetizer menu . get it ! it was incredibly good . definitely not what i am used to as a southerner from the surrounding area . it was a cake cornbread hybrid it seemed . really sweet and it was served with honey ... super good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "where to start . . . great food , fun atmosphere , beautiful outside dining , great service , affordable specials . the cornbread . . . oh my goodness ! ! this is a must ! worth waiting in line for !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite charlotte restaurants . food is always good , service is always decent . just wish they would add more options change the menu every once in a while !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "left a bad taste . the meal started out good with the appetizers but quickly deteriorated . the shrimp and grits was flat and disappointing . the prime rib was n't prime , it was tasteless like cardboard . i took it home to my dogs . the desserts were pitiful . the only good thing was the appetizers . the corn bread was yummy , the double dip was great , and the salmon was decent . i would never go here again unless it was for the appetizers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food here was great ! the ambiance also was phenomenal . a restaurant like this would easily command super high prices in a new york or a la . the prices here were quite reasonable i found . i had the prime rib and it was perfect . my dinner companion had the cra cake and it was not to their liking . my advice to anyone would be to never have crab cakes outside of maryland . seriously , never . one note is beware of any thing not on the menu , the cost can be a bit more than the range on the menu . for example , the hostess told us the specials and one was a good $ 20 higher than what was on the menu ! having said that , being from ny , i know for a fact our bill would have been twice as high even with what we had . take the ride and stop in , you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went with wife for date night . staff was very nice , super accommodating and happy to help . we had the double dip app - which is just suped-up pimento cheese and guacamole with chips - but perfect . i got the meatloaf with summer squash and a side of black eyed-peas , my wife got the crab cake salad . the food could n't have been better . this is n't a 5 star type restaurant but we got great treatment and ate excellent food . period .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i made reservations for my wife and me on her birthday . my overall opinion - it was okay . i had the ribeye . it was okay . my wife had the salmon . it was okay . the cornbread app - it was okay . the dessert - it was okay . service was really good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family was seated outside by the hostess . we waited 15 minutes . no server . went inside and told the hostess no one had been to the table . waited 5 more minutes , still no server . we got up and left . i mean , really ? ? ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here for a business lunch and was impressed by every aspect of the meal . they were quick to seat us and take our orders . the food was incredible . i had the double dip appetizer which consisted of 3 dips ( pimento , guacamole , and salsa ) . i had their chicken tortilla soup and a caesar salad . the salad had the most amazing corn bread croutons . i could eat those like they were candy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved ... best seat in house was at the bar . they recommended food and interacted and the atmosphere was electric", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never been disappointed here ! it 's great for a work celebration and a date night as well . the shrimp and grits are well prepared and so is the salmon . salads at lunch are pretty spot on too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "average ... dry salmon , regular sides..nothing great . but got ta live with what 's around in lkn .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "chicken tortilla soup is my absolute favorite . i go every tuesday to get my bowl . they may know me on a first name basis now . they should have it more frequently . hey 131- i hope your reading this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was amazing ! atmosphere was incredible , and the service was 5 star for sure ! thank you 131 main . we will certainly be returning soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the best place in charlotte for nyc type ribs . imho it 's almost a exact copy of houstons without the taste .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's not the ritz , but for the cost it 's spacious and comfortable . lighthouse is really investing in the property with full unit renovations , 24hr maintenance , 24hr gym , brand new washers and dryers in the 24hr laundry facility , and the resurfaced pool . one really cool bonus is when you lease you get to pick the color for accent walls in the apartments . i 'm told by the management , the landscape is in the works of being entirely redone . it 's not on campus but still conveniently close . seems like everyone has an axe to grind these days , but i say , `` hey the journey may be rough , but the destination will be worth it '' . it 's only getting better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a resident here and i absolutely love it . it 's an amazing staff ( trisha , brittany , alex and carlos great area near the apartment and my rent is very affordable . i recommend this apartment complex to anyone because of the comfortability . it 's near grocery stores and actually right around the corner from my job . and right around the corner from unlv . any student looking for somewhere to stay that 's affordable i recommend this place ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small , yet cozy relaxing place . i thought it was a bit small , so if you have a group of 8 friends gettin together for dinner , i dont think this is the best place for you . food was pretty good . a lil ' on the pricey side- $ 32 for tuna dish-a price in which the server failed to mentioned- or maybe t'was my fault not to ask , or was i even supposed to be asking for the price ? err ... . my friend had some meat dish for about $ 34.. anyways , the service was nice- didnt have to wait 2 hrs for the foods to arrive , so that was good . although , my tuna came out somewhat too salty , but the dinner rolls made up for it . their thin-cut fries were amazing- reminded me of the way my grandma used to make fries for us- home fried french fries mmmmmmm will i go back ? um -- -maybe . and i will be sure to order the foods w the prices are shown .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "3.5 stars ! i went here with my gf because she had a craving for risotto and i hear this restaurant made some good ones . we started with the caprese salad and squid salad . they were both excellent but the squid portion was a bit small . still tasted fantastic . then she had a beef and mushroom risotto which was pretty damn good . dessert was also fantastic , the creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e inside was custardy and the top crispy as it should be . if you want good food they have it but my only issue was the lack of people , especially on a friday night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a gem ! ! my husband and i love pallucci . if you 're lucky enough to get chris ( and most are ) service is a 5+ ! he knows his stuff , is happy to recommend , and sets a great pace for your meal . ambiance is cozy and comfortable - never too loud . food is excellent ! so much to recommend . the sweet potato fries with balsamic glaze are a must . the funghi salad is sooooo good , and my husband swears by the caprese with bocconcini . last time we went i had the tuna spacial and it was delicious ! ! everything is fresh and prepared to your liking . this is a great neighborhood spot ... ... give it a try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came for dinner , $ 70 coupon clutched in hand . one server -- the owner -- coping with a growing crowd and doing very well . house wine is cheap and good , appetizers ( warm funghi salad ) excellent , but my steak frites was way overdone and piled atop what looked like frozen fries . my wife 's pasta ( $ 17 ) was , she said , very good . our shared dessert -- a lime tart -- was excellent . so overall , pretty good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "why i took so long to try chutney rolls , i will never know ... but i was blown away by the yumminess ! it was n't just the juicy lamb and cute little bite size samosas that deserved a fabulous review , but the customer service was top notch ! i had never been in before , so i was doing the whole `` stare at the menu and drool '' thing ... when who i assumed was the owner ? manager ? anyhow ... he came out and gave me the walk through , suggestions , and chatted up about the adventure i was bringing my roll on : ) ( i was headed to a weekend of snowy backpacking , and this was the en-route to the trailhead food ! ) . fun guy ! and passionate about his flavors ! i will definitely be back ! there are so many i need to now try . lol food = awesome . do try it . you wo n't be sad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here again with my bf for takeout on a weekday . i got the chicken wrap and my bf got the beef wrap ( a special on wednesday ) . i really liked the wraps , they were better than the rice bowls in my opinion . there was a lot of meat in them too . i loved the flavor of the chicken , and the veggies were really fresh-tasting . the portions were big enough for me , but if you have a big appetite i would recommend getting the maharaji ( king ) size . we also got a bunch of the mini samosas . we tried each flavor , and i liked them all , but the chicken was probably the best one . i will probably come back again , just because the food is interesting and different and the price is reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chutney rolls is a nice quick place to grab indian food for a decent price point . it is hard to find indian food for $ 6 in cleveland and chutney rolls makes that happen . i stopped in before a visit to the cma and enjoyed the food from the comfort of my car . the portions were great for the price and i even had leftovers for a round 2 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omgosh . on first taste , this place is not bad . it 's cheap , its indian-esque . however , after me and my friends went there on a lunch date , two of the three of us got severe food poisoning . we were sick for an entire week . we think its from their lassi 's ( maybe the milk had gone bad ) . the food was n't bad , it was just the aftermath that will keep me from coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "definitely fast . definitely delicious . decently spicy , good flavor , friendly staff . i loved the atmosphere with the modem seating , art , and game collection . we played connect 4. : ) we had the palak paneer rice bowl and the murgi tikka rice bowl . yum ! great prices too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would give it a zero if i could . food was stale at best . seems like they use frozen stuff and just warm up and put in a frozen bread for you . had to take a full day of pepto to get my stomach back in shape after eating here . do n't take a chance . there are better places that would serve you fresher food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mango lassies are amazing . the waitress winnie suggested i try a sample and i was instantly hooked . the ambiance of this place is casual with cool board games and i had the beef keema in a rice bowl . the taste of it was bomb in my mouth . i would defiantly suggest this place for a quick meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prime location on murray hill rd . in little italy , with outside seating . great grab-and-go indian food . the rice bowls are a full meal at a great price point ( roughly $ 6 ) . i 've been several times and have always had a positive experience . i highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for lunch earlier this week . i 've been wanting to come check them out since trying them at a yelp event over a year ago , but i just never get to this area of town anymore . i was so glad i did ! i had their lunch special ( $ 7.99 for an entree , samosa , and drink ) , which was a good value . i had a roll with chicken and sweet potatoes , and it was delicious ! even better than i was expecting . i would definitely recommend , and would love to eat here again . soooo thankful for their parking lot ! i was not looking forward to trying to figure out where to park in this neighborhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is delicious ! try the sweet lassi and masala chai and the samosas and everything else ! ! the atmosphere is open and inviting . street parking and a small parking lot in the back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was like a hole in the wall . nice food and quick service . i ordered the potatoes samosa , palak paneer wrap and aloo matar queso along with masala tea and mango lassi . all the items very really good . parking can be a bit of problem but other than that , a delightful place ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good flavor ! my husband , who is usually turned off by indian food , told me i could bring him back : ) . it could have been a little spicier , but still yummy . for the price there could have been more food . pass on the mini samosas . the one with sweet potato and black chickpeas was wonderful ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful , fast , and sooo comfortable . helpful wait counter staff . not too spicy , but certainly flavorful . whimsically decorated for halloween . inexpensive to boot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went back last weekend- and now they were out of lamb ! why oh why ? this time i tried the chicken and the sweet mango lassi . both were excellent . i also really love the mini samosas there too . i upped the stars to 4 this time , as now i have tried all the basic ingredients . haha . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new indian fusion bistro in little italy . very nice blend of seasonings in the dishes we tried ( wraps , rice bowls and salad bowls ) . i had a blend of sweet potato and chickpeas over rice . usually indian food does n't sit we 'll with me but this dish was excellent , and no bad after-effects . also had the mango smoothie which was made with real mango and tasted amazing . well done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is not authentic indian food . i ordered a side of paratha which i am pretty sure was frozen paratha from indian grocery store . even the mini samosas tasted like the frozen ones you can easily get in a grocery store . i am upset not only because the food tasted bad but also because i was served frozen food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "matt was an awesome server . great at explaining the menu to first timers . food was great - really flavorful and the price was right . went with family group and we shared a chicken wrap , lamb chicken rice bowl and lamp sweet potatoe salad . all were delicious . that being said , the plastic bowls were difficult to eat out of and took away from the dining experience hence the reason for 4 stars . .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff & owner are friendly and helpful . if you are n't familiar with indian food , here is a great place to start ! the menu is uncomplicated & un-intimidating , while still giving you a great taste for the flavor of indian food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "think indian food served chipotle style and you understand chutney rolls . you have your choice of having your entree served in a bowl or wrap . there are a wide variety of vegetarian and non vegetarian items . they also serve samosas as sides . i have only had takeout , so i can not comment on the dining room . overall , the food has been well seasoned and fairly prices . the samosas do seem a bit overpriced but are good . overall , would recommend if you crave fast food indian style .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quantity is too less . no value for money spent . compare chipotles rice bowl for 6.50 bucks to this crap . samosas seems like frozen stuff heated in a microwave . please up your game chutney rolls . chicken had a tough texture ( like overcooked ) . it was n't juicy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food tucked away in a little storefront in little italy . i had a salad bowl which consisted of cabbage , carrots , red peppers and a black bean sweet potato mixture . delicious . good service and they are open late on weekends and there 's delivery service . you can also check them out at the shaker square farmer 's market . definitely recommend it for good indian fusion-like food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great lunch spot ! very friendly staff , great prices , awesome flavors . overall , one of the best lunch spots on the east side . best indian food in cleveland !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food and wonderful service by matt ! love the food and the atmosphere . i had a lamb bowl with that yummy flat bread and i tried all the samosas- the potato & pea and the chicken samosas were my favorite . i 'm definitely coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent little gem in little italy ! funn environment , and delicious , authentic indian food ! smoothies are great , and the weekly rotation specials keeps thing different . worthwhile to go . ask for gabriella cause she 's got it going on and knows what 's up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was pleasantly surprised with this place ! it 's always empty when i walk or drive by.. but that 's because it 's mostly carry out . do i like indian food ? i had no idea until i tried it that i do ! i had the rice chicken bowl.. it has an indian name but i forget it.. it was really good ! the decor of the place made me laugh.. it 's very random . but the service was fast and friendly and i was home with my indian rice bowl in no time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried the chicken tikka wrap at the botanical garden ripe fest . all i can say is delicious ! i 'll definitely be visiting the restaurant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is really only applicable to chaat night . the pani puri was great . my dinner consisted just of two orders of pani puri . its hard to find pani puri at restaurants so i could n't resist two helpings . it was a little less than 4 $ per bowl . it was a fun event . the friends that i went with also enjoyed their rolls , bhel , and samosa chat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "enjoyed a great weekend lunch here . tried a rice bowl and lamb wrap . the savory lassi was very good . we 'll be back ! note : parking in the rear for non-campus visitors ! give it a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend talked up chutney rolls for days since we had a trip planned out that way later in the week , needless to say i was so excited when the day came to go there for lunch . as we walked up we noticed the windows looked dark , and there was a closed sign in the window . we were sooooo bummed ! ! the sign said they were closed for staff training and because they were making some changes . we pressed our noses the window , suddenly drew appeared and as we told him about our journey there and our disappointment he invited us in and told us he would whip something up for us . he was soooo accommodating , set us up our own little table , made us some delicious wraps , made us more bread since we became obsessed with how delicious it was , and put on some jams . we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves , the experience , and the food . so glad drew was nice enough to go out of his way to make our day !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "happy birthday , chutney rolls ! indian food -fast , flavorful , and delicious ! the lipta lamb is my favorite , but i love everything i have tried . many vegetarian options as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kind , polite , and attentive , the staff made me feel welcome . the food was excellent , and the price was very fair also . i look forward to going back there soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the environment and the service is top tier ! it 's deff not authentic indian food . but it 's still good . i 've had 2 different things from there and each one had a salty taste to it . not really something i enjoyed . but other than that pretty good . the seating inside and outside is wonderful and has a very modern feel . will return . i only wish the food was more authentic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is definitely not your mom 's anything . both of our meals tasted horrible ! ! ! idk how on earth this place got gd ratings . the only reason i even gave it one star is coz the inside is cute . all i can say is please please avoid this place at all cost ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i found the menu to be very limited . the portions are small as well . i got the chicken roll which was good . however the mini samosas were burnt . not sure what happened there . this place would definitely be worth more stars if they added to the menu and sauces .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "every single time i have come in , the person at the counter has had a smile on their face . they always take my order thoughtfully and make sure it is right . i tell literally everyone i know to check out this place because the food is so tasty and fresh . it is nice to have such an affordable option in the neighborhood . the service is so friendly that it does n't bother me that it takes a tad longer than i think it will . the owner is always near managing the quality . i can not recommend this place enough .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every wrap is filled with delicious , savory flavor , and the bread itself is thin and flaky , which makes the whole thing just melt in your mouth . i have n't tried the rice bowls because i ca n't get past how good the wraps are .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to try out chutney rolls after always walking by on my walks to little italy . i was excited by the idea of an indian restaurant being so closeby but was sadly disappointed by what i experienced . i ordered the shakkar kand ( sweet potato and black eyed peas ) over rice . the taste of such a normally delicious indian dish were masked by a level of spice that made eating it almost impossible . in an effort to assuage my taste buds i looked at the water dispenser but there were no cups . honestly , i 'm almost sad that this can be qualified as indian food to the public - the taste and flavors so well-loved in indian food are completely missing . the prices are good but the food is definitely missable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food has gotten significantly better since i was here when it first opened . the staff is helpful and nice . the lunch special - an entree , samosa , and a drink - was really inexpensive and very filling . i had a wrap , and it was large and filling and delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've never been a huge fan of indian food but i was pleasantly surprised how many solid options there were ! they cater to meat eaters and vegetarians alike at very reasonable prices . also.. any time lamb is a meat option , i 'm sold .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time trying indian fusion and it was great ! had a sweet potato salad and lamb wrap and both were delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have tried this restaurant on a few occasions and the last time but better than the first . each time i have had the chutney wrap , the last time was appropriate for walking around the farmers market and enjoyable . it was spicy and good . i think however i am not a fan of indian fusion . i sometimes think that things should remain the same . it is hard enough trying to find an authentic indian restaurant ( i miss my friend who would invite me to her home for home cooked indian cuisine ) , but putting the 'fusion ' spin.. okay i guess . ..for those who are unfamiliar .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome lipta lamb rice bowl , masala chai and yogurt chutney . loved the ambience and the music . the only complain i have would be the use of kawan paratha for the roll .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum , chutney rolls . cute storefront w. seating in little italy , near case western . you get your choice of wrap , bowl ( with rice ) or salad . i recommend the wrap . they use paratha , which is like a flaky , super tasty tortilla with your choice of filling ( chicken , lamp or veg ) and topped with fresh cabbage slaw . pros : delicious food that fills you up without that gross `` i ate too much processed crap '' feeling . friendly , quick service . good options for vegetarians and carnivores . cons : none .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to chutney rolls for the first time today , wanting something different and i 'm so glad that i did ! i explained to one of the employees their that i had never been their before , and i was their because of someone else 's suggestion . the staff was so friendly their and told me what they liked on the menu and what was popular . i decided on the spinach samosas , a lamb rice bowl and mint lassai . i was thrilled to know that the food was cooked to order , and everything was so fresh . i could taste a lot of flavors in everything that i had . the portion size is very decent for the price that you pay . if you are looking for something different , and you want to give indian food a try , i say this is a very good place to try . i know i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the aloo matar in a wrap and it was fantastic ! only $ 6 and a perfect size for a lunch . it was so flavorful and the perfect amount of spice . i do n't like hot spicy things which makes it hard to find indian food that i love but this had spices that were not hot ! very flavorful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "with a craving for indian , and a yelp deal , i decided to give chutney rolls a try . i can say i 'm glad i had the deal . the samosas were dry and slightly overcooked , and the curries way too salty . i did enjoy my bowl with the cabbage salad . it was a nice cooling crunch to offset the saltiness . i had both the lamb and the beef , and i honestly could not tell the difference between the two . everything was swimming in that curry ! i hope they take this review as constructive criticism . they are a small , family owned restaurant . i would like to see them flourish in a very upcoming area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped in on a whim last week for a lassi drink . winnie was very helpful since i was having a hard time deciding on which flavor to get . i ended up with mango . wow ! the mango lassi was so much better this time . a lot less tarty and the mango flavor was evident . the mango to yogurt ratio was just right !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , a few weeks back my wife and i attended an event here , and we were impressed by this little place near university circle . the food is a fusion of indian cuisine with a sort of `` portability '' vibe , as most things are indeed in rolls , wraps , and take out bowls . but this is not fast food , it 's good food . fresh , tasty , vibrant with a hint of hot and spicey , chutney rolls serves up some healthy eats that will keep you coming back : ) i wish they had a bit more parking , and were bigger cause ' i 'd love to bring a bunch of friends over , but other than that , the place is really good , the management thoughtful , and overall , i 'm going to roll back to chutney rolls the first chance i get : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when it comes to doing vegas right , many people believe in the power of the pre-party . for those that are not aware , to pre-party means to purchase cheap booze from a grocery , convenience , drug or liquor store and proceed to get buzzed in your hotel room or the parking lot of the venue you are going to ... when it comes to the hard rock , the best place to get your pre-party started is st tropez convenience mart . part market , part liquor store , all cheaper then what you will find in the hotel , which is right across the street . the last time i was at st tropez they were out of what i was looking for , but i was able to find other libations easily . the shop is a little on the small side but they do cram a lot of product in . employees have always been friendly . i 'm a fan !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yay ! this is the place to stock up the hotel room with all the necessities for the vegas party .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we got off the plane and told our cabby to take us to a liquor store . clearly he 's getting a kickback from the store but who cares . you 're still coming out ahead . good selection ( including high-end stuff ) and other necessary party supplies . better call amex before you try to use your credit card here . . .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great selection of items and really good prices . i thought the lady behind the counter was super nice and really helpful , smiles for all and upbeat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location , reasonable prices on the liquor side and the cashier was one hell of a funny dude . on the convenience store side the few shelves had bare necessities and the staff seemed very sweet , if a bit disorganized . all in all a good spot to grab booze and chips before hitting the hotel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "here from toronto for a conference and used my lyoness app to find a store.. super impressed with the selection and great staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are 2 entrances . one to the mart and one to the liquor store . mart has beer and some wine . i quickly put my beer and cups down and exited to the liquor store side . they had everything i need for vegas pre-party . nice selection of booze , mixers , and wine . you 're in vegas so get some plastic cups and fill them prior to walking down the strip unless you like paying $ 17 for a red bull and vodka . probably the best $ 80 i spent all weekend in vegas . even left some booze in the hotel for staff when we checked out and did n't care at all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are over the age of 60 and only here for 3 months out of the year , this place is perfect for you . literally , these condos are filled with vacation rental units in which people move in and out every other month . do not be fooled by the cheap rent rates ... you get what you pay for . the management staff is good but with the hoa being involved , they have no real power to manage the property . if you have children or pets , look elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great location , and absolutely lovely area . when i first moved to the complex about 4 years ago this was a great place to live . a new company took over and things went down hill from there . maintenance never really fixes anything they just do ghetto patch work . rent is reasonable but you get what you pay for . if at all possible try not to move anywhere near unit 1143 , she is the complex watch dog . all this lady does is watch everything that everyone does and run to the front office . there 's an older lady that works in the office that was very rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice friendly staff , maintenance is friendly and always available . will recommend . the leasing office agents is friendly . the property stays clean . ive been a resident going on 3 years . things have been perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used to love this place ... . it has gone completely downhill , except for the prices . it was $ 18 for 2 mini chimi 1 shredded chicken taco 3 rolled tacos side of rice & beans it took 25 mins to get our food . the chimi 's & chicken taco were soggy . as in raw dough soggy . it was disgusting . ... even worse , my husband dissected his chimi to try and salvage some of the meal , but found a short nasty hair in it . absolutely disgusting and we will never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here to try the carne asada plate with rice , beans , and corn tortillas . i should have known to ask for no garnish , but i did n't know there would be guac too ... had to avoid that corner of the plate . the carne asada was good , nicely seasoned . i found that the corn tortillas kind of detracted from the flavor of the meat . the rice had corn in it , which i am not a fan of . the beans were pretty good . also tried some of the fries my b f ordered . they tasted alright , but maybe cooked in old oil . the iced tea was a nice surprise , like it 's infused with strawberry or a similar fruity flavor . it was good ! very filling meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disgusting food ! tastes like frozen food that was reheated.. only thing good were the chips . will not return !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love their tacos . it usually takes a little while to get your food but that 's how you know it 's made to order .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3.5 stars ... . maybe 4 forget about any of the other fast food mexican food joints . the `` ricos '' , `` bertos '' ... taco bell ... etc . this place produces really good fast food mexican food . the beans are great ! the rice is n't bad and the burritos are huge ! we 've eaten there twice and the first time around everything was a hit . no issues with the food or the service . the second time around ... the food was still pretty good . the grilled chicken nachos were pretty greasy . the chicken ... although flavorful was fatty and this set the tone for the rest of the meal . was n't horrible.. just could have been better . do drop in and give this place a try . it is n't expensive ... and you better bring an appetite ... .as mentioned ... the portions are huge . we will go back . hatch", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow i cant believe that guy did not like your fish tacos . i think they are the best . keep up the good work i love senor taco tacos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome breakfast burritos ! when your hungry for breakfast and do n't feel like cooking up some eggs bacon and taters these guys deliver !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beans , carne asada , great service , & hot food ... not to mention it 's cheap ! i do n't care where you go ... the carne asada is less fatty & the beans are the best ! ! ! ! ! mmmmm mmmmm", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! the owner is from san diego , so it 's close to my cali heart and the food is exactly as good as i remember it being .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no good ! ! ! if you want good mexican food go to don pancho it on central in avondale not far from this location ..worth the gas ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the carnitas combo platter is also good as well . we have been eating off of the to go order for the past 3 days the huge qty of meat has made a total of around 8 tacos . yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband has been talking about this place for awhile now . i ordered their mini-chimi w 3 rolled beef tacos combo special which came with the drink . my husband ordered their 2 enchilada combo with beef and chicken which also came with a drink . we shared an order of chips to try their salsa bar . overall , everything was great : food , serving , service and price . it did n't blow my mind to where i would be craving anything on the menu like my own personal favorite mexican take-out place in downtown phoenix so i gave a 4-star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is not very good . the horchata was disappointing . the rolled tacos and quesadillas are probably the only ok things on the menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! ! my favorite hangover spot . my guy is an easterner and is still learning the world of mexican food and he loves this place . burritos are freaking huge so definitely worth the price . the salsa is so tasty . i actually avoid getting the burrito enchilada style so i can dowse it in salsa instead . i do n't recommend the breakfast burritos because there 's too much egg and potato and not enough meat . but the shredded beef burrito and carne asada burrito are my favorites . the shredded beef is so moist and flavorful i ca n't get over it . also , i 'd skip the extra charge for beans and rice . rice is just ok but the beans taste off . it always tastes like there 's cinnamon or something in them . and i think 2 extra bucks is a little steep for something as unbelievable cheap like rice and beans .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm going to weigh in here after eating on the other side of town at a more expensive restaurant . we love this place and eat here when we want mexican.we should have come here tonight ! it is informal , fast food but the fish tacos are really good and the food comes ready for you to spice yourself over at the salsa bar ( great idea ! ) . flavors are always good , the food quality is high for this kind of a place and it is very competitively priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not impressed with this place . i ordered a 2 taco combo one carne asada and one pollo asado . the taco shells were thick and hard . the meat was bland . i had to put lots of sauce on it to give it some spice . also , i ordered tortilla chips and a drink . my total was $ 11.48 . i could 've gone to a nice sit down restaurant and received something that tasted much better for what i paid . next time i will drive the extra 3 miles to go to chipotle when i 'm craving tacos .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you have to eat in a pinch go for it ... nothing special but i would eat there again if in need for fuel . but not even close to some taco 's from mexico or so-cal : ) nom nom nom nom", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the lunch specials ! the beef tacos are my fav . super yummy and prices are great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here several times . love the menudo on the weekends ! the girls upfront always have a smile . surf and turf is a great one too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love me some good mexican food and i have to say senior taco is one of my favorites , but this location sucks ! the food is way to greasy , the service is poor and the atmosphere is not welcoming at all ! if you want good senior taco food , service , and an inviting atmosphere head west to the location off estrella south of the 10 ! ! ! way better for sure !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is hot unless you order cheese enchiladas ... the cheese was not melted . the flavor is great , the enchilada sauce is very good , not out of a can . very fresh . beans are good and so is the rice ( staples in my opinion ) . the restaurant is clean , smells good and has music playing . the staff could use some smiles , thanks . being friendly with your patrons is crucial ladies . location is close to my work so i 'll write more as i try new things . yep , only thing missing is the happy workers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . i get a shrimp cocktail . for the quality the price is perfect . i like that they take their time and cook my food . i do not mind any waiting time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome food , affordable , and great service all in the same place . wow you got to try this place..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to live in san diego so i hold mexican food standards pretty high . senior taco was just alright . i ordered the california surfin ' burrito . i 'm used to having just pico de gallo in my carne asada burritos and having the meat be the primary source of flavor . this burrito had a chipotle sauce in it which i did n't care for too much . it over powered the flavor of the meat . the serving size was great . it was a nice sized burrito with a fair amount of shrimp .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the people here need costumer service training ! also , the food is n't that great - not authentic mexican food at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like the food . if you are in a hurry and want mexican food give them a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the enchiladas were mediocre . no effort was put into the food . the carne asada burritos were awful . the salsa was rancid tasting . horrible experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was surprised at how yummy this place was ! delicious food at a good price . carne asada fries were great and not greasy . this is so close to home too ! i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're looking to eat mexican food this would be the place the closest thing i can say around the area of litchfield park that has decent mexican food not the best but not the worst i would still continue to go", "score": "3"}
{"review": "on tuesdays you can get street tacos for 99 cents . i was curious to know if this was actually a good deal or not , so i purchased two carnitas street tacos and two regular-sized carnitas soft tacos . the two regular-sized carnitas soft tacos came out to $ 5.99 . i weighed each taco individually . both street tacos came out to 62 g ( impressive ) . one regular taco weighed 196 g while the other weighed 211 g , resulting in an average of 203.5 g. so , uh , just get the regular tacos if you want to pay less per gram . anyway , i 've come here an average of twice a month for two years because i love the food . if i were to pick one thing that bothers me it would be that they use queso cheese sauce as opposed to actual shredded cheese on the nachos . once my ex found a bur in his fish taco but i did n't like him much anyway .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great food for a great price ! everything i 've ordered has been delicious but i love their battered fish tacos . the seasoned rice is always light and fluffy , making a nice complement to the meal . everything is flavorful and the salsa bar has something for all tastes . it 's such an affordable , fast , and convenient place . crazy to get such quality food for the same price as a typical fast food meal . only marking them one star off for the decor of the eating area ; not bad but could be a little more inviting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super fan ! i have yet to have a bad experience here . rolled tacos are great , basic bean and cheese burrito is huge . the employees are always super nice and it might not be the fastest service but the quality is there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "standard fast food mexican joint . burritos are huge ! i ordered the chorizo breakfast with beans and it was tasty . the chorizo was definitely not store bought . beans were really good . my girl shared her chilaqueles with me and they tasted good . they were fresh , too . good options at the salsa bar . the green and dark red salsa are really good . will come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love it . it is much better food than many of the sit down places in denver . i would give it higher ratings , but i am assuming az is a hotbed of good mexican cuisine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these folks are really nice , the dr is patient and intelligent.the staff is extremely helpful , attentive , personable , kind , thorough , and very likeable . i recommend them . the only reason they did not get 5 stars is their selection of glasses was not enough for me . that have a lot of very recognizable brands but the very high end , cartier , mont blanc , chopard were missing . they do have oakley , channel , tom ford , ect . i highly recommend them they treat their customers great ! ! ! ! for eye exams and glasses give them a shot you will like them ... ..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are searching for an eye doctor who cares ... if you are searching for a doctors office who dont rush you through like cattle ... then optic gallery is where you need to go . dr. steve nguyen takes his time to make sure you understand everything you need to know . he shows compassion and caring about your eye health . his staff is wonderful ... i highly recommend dr. nguyen to anyone who really cares about their sight ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to optic gallery after having a terrible experience at lenscrafters . i immediately felt welcome and the friendly staff helped me find the perfect frame . will definitely come back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "put off my eye doctor visits until 2 years ago . went to the place that takes care of people like sheep ( lots if patients on horizon ridge ) . felt like a sheep . i went to optic gallery in the district at green valley and it felt like a small town or village center . very friendly staff . dr nguyen . ( steve nguyen took care of my eyes but did n't take all my money like the wynn ) . ha . anyhow , he took plenty of time to show me my problem by using the eye model and very patiently answered all my questions . he even escorted me out and introduced me to the employee that would show me my sunglasses and reading glasses options . felt zero rush . i loved my appointment and ordered custom reading glasses and felt good about it . great job . i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually see dr. nguyn , but have also seen dr. lee and dr. cheung . all are good doctors that care and listen to my concerns . dr. nguyn does n't really remember me even though i 've gone for years , which is less than ideal , but i enjoy him as a doctor . the staff is friendly , and the wait is very short .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the optic gallery is a great optometry office ! dr. ka-yan ( who goes by sandy ) cheung was really personable and sweet . she had a genuine conversation getting to know me before starting my exam . i had outstanding customer service with kristy while selecting frames . she was patient and thorough as i took my time picking the right ones for me . the office has a large selection of frames to pick from with moderate to designer pricing . it is clean and well designed , being in the district .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from walking in the door to exiting the staff are top notch ! they were happy to see me and greeted me as i walked in the door ! i waited only a few minutes before getting started with my appointment . dr. lee is amazing ! we actually had a full conversation during my appointment . she is very personable and easy to get along with . she answered all of my questions . i left feeling confident about my exam and my options . i will definitely return to optic gallery in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my regular spot for a yearly eye exam . the wait is usually reasonable and the optometrist has been helpful in answering my questions and offering advice . i do n't buy my glasses here though , online prices just ca n't be beat . location at the district is great for me and i plan to continue to come here yearly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been going to this optic gallery for several years ( there is another branch on st rose seven hills ) for special retina scan . technician tiffany is superb in both skill and customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently had an eye appointment here and had a very good experience . the office is conveniently located in the gvr district , is clean and well maintained . the staff were friendly and provided prompt services . they were knowledgeable about my insurance benefits and selection of eyeglasses . dr cheung was thorough with her exam , personable , and answered any questions that i had for her . their selection of eyeglass frames is decent , however , they did not have a pair that absolutely suited my particular taste ( i am kind of particular when it comes to glasses and takes me awhile to decide on a pair ) . i am a repeat customer there and will return again for any concerns . i definitely recommend this place for your vision and eyewear needs ! i would have given 5-stars but i did n't walk away with a pair of glasses that day : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great selection of stylish frames and ultra friendly staff . perfection is standard when eye are is concerned .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly and helpful staff ! many choices for frames , lenses and optician patience while choosing a frame . i will definitely visit again for my eye care !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been too quite a few different eye places and this particular one location is excellent ! i have recommended to all my family members dr. stephanie lee , she is the best ! i 've been going to eye doctors all my life ( i have really bad vision ) and she is the 1st one in all my years to recognize an eye condition i 've had all my life when nobody else has , and i brought my gramma here and she also pointed out that my gramma showed the beginning signs of cataracs which her normal eye doctor has never mentioned . also a++ for the staff they are so helpful , i went in today on there lunch break when they 're normally closed and they fixed my glasses and gave me all kinds of information about the questions i was asking instead of turning me away and telling me to come back in an hour . this is a great place and stephanie lee is an outstanding doctor ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service . address all my concerns . i felt comfortable and did n't have to wait like some places . they got me in and out within 30 minutes including my glass selection . super friendly staff . i will be only going here from now on . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for an optometrist that is knowledgeable , professional and friendly look no further ... dr. nguyen is all of the above plus more . my family has frequented the office at the district and always loved the convenience of the location , but the new office in seven hills is beautiful . it 's clean , the staff is knowledgeable and friendly and the overall experience is fantastic . not to mention the best selection in eyewear . if they do n't have it they will find it = ) )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this office . customer service is on point from calling in for a reservation to meeting with the doctor to leaving the office . i brought my 4 year old daughter in for her first eye exam , and she was very nervous but dr sandi was able to take her time to get to know my daughter first and asked her some fun questions . my daughter was still nervous but was at ease . dr sandi was also very thorough with the ex for myself as well . she never seemed rushed and i felt comfortable knowing exactly how my eyes were when leaving . the front staff was very friendly and accommodating as well . i was a little late but was able to call to let them know my delay , and very friendly about it . very satisfied !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. cheung is awesome . she is down to earth and easy to talk to . she is the reason i keep going back . she 's thorough with her examinations . it was easy getting an appointment quickly and the office staff was friendly and helpful . check them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited the optic gallery for an eye exam , which i have n't had for more than 15 years , on 8 17 . the staff and dr. steve nguyen were very friendly , knowledgeable and did n't pressure sell . i ended up needing glasses while working on my computer and dr. steve nguyen walked me through the benefits of getting glasses without trying to hard sell . i left without buying the glasses , but came back the next day to purchase my first pair . it was a slow day so the staff took over an hour helping me pick a frame since this was my first glasses . they were very patient and encouraged me to try on as many glasses i liked . i would definitely recommend optic gallery to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "optic gallery is the best one they have very good customer service and i have good price in all kind off glasses", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. steve nguyen spent a good time with me and making sure i had the correct contact lenses . i have been going to this office for several years an never had bad service . i would highly recommend this establishment if you are looking for good service , and if you want to have someone to really care for your eyes , this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i am now old and need reading glasses . i hate to say i love my glasses , but true . dr. cheung is awesome . i wish i could remember the opticians ' names . equally awesome , especially the one that steered me towards the frames . very nice , very helpful . the only place i will go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like optic gallery . the provide services for my whole family . have had eye problems in the past . they always get me in quickly and provide the help that i need . great location , great staff , great doctors . triple threat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly and very knowledgable staff . a nice selection of frames ! would recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sandy cheung and the staff did a great job . i received a very thorough examination , all my questions and concerns were addressed , and everyone was very nice and friendly . i only wish they had a larger selection of frames that fit me . i 'm 36 years old and still wear children 's frames because i 'm so petite . i would definitely recommend dr. cheung to anyone . she 's attentive and easy to communicate with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. stephanie lee has got to be my favorite eye doctor . she is friendly , knowledgeable , open and very helpful . i was very lucky to have found her so soon after i moved to lv years ago - it always takes me a while because i research the heck out of my choices ! - because she 's a doctor that listens to my concerns and is just so pleasant to be around . you know how difficult it is to find a doc who knows what they 're doing , has a wonderful bedside manner and has a staff with good customer service skills ? i do n't know what else to say ! i recommend her practice to everyone i know !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had n't had an eye exam in awhile and i wanted to find an office closer to my house . i was very pleased with everyone at optic gallery . they were all very friendly , professional , and patient . i am very indecisive when it comes to deciding on glasses and the staff were all really helpful and took the time with me to try on a variety of different styles . i am so happy with my new glasses ! will be returning for my annual check-up . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "convenient for me in the district . great eye exams and good glasses selection ... quick contacts orders ! i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a very positive experience here . the exam was quick and easy , dr. lee is phenomenal . the whole entire staff it personable and friendly , i love it ! my glasses were done in less than a week and they are perfect ! one thing i really appreciated was that they were not trying to nickel and dime me and i ca n't say enough about how friendly they are . i will be recommending this place to everyone i know in need of glasses contacts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brand new to the office . best part was the ability to get 5pm appt time . check-in was easy . only 3 quick pages to fill out . with a 5pm appt . i was finished and walked out by 5:45 . the eye exams were explained well and the staff is super friendly . once the exam was complete the staff explained what my insurance covered . they do accept 2 insurances . i know some places do n't .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the most pleasant experience in any doctor 's office ever . over the last 4 years i have seen by dr. lee and dr. nguyen . they are always on time , friendly , very exacting in their explanations . i work in medical sales , i treat my customers with great respect and spend hours of my time with them . therefore , i greatly appreciate doctors who still treat me as a patient not a commodity and take their time to make sure i 'm 100 % satisfied with my appointment . it is such a welcome experience in this otherwise very unfriendly , impersonal world . the selection of eyeglass frames available is well-chosen and meets the needs of all price points . i receive compliments daily on my eyeglasses as well , so not only can i see , but i look great doing so !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a lot of reluctance to accept the fact my vision stinks , i took my girlfriend 's recommendation to get an eye exam at optic gallery at the district . i was pleased from start to finish . the staff was all very friendly , able to kindly answer all questions , and dr. nguyen was very candid about my goals and expectations in improving my ability to see . i would recommend this place to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was there last wednesday , great customer service , accommodated with my questions , assisted my choice of brand and how it would benefit my usage , exam was straight forward and simple , great selection variety of glasses . adams was very helpful polite informative . love it . would definitely recommended and come back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this office ! the dr. is super with kids and adults . he is great at explaining all aspects of eye care , the designer frame selection is top notch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff and doctors.very efficient . we are very satisfied with all aspects of the office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for an optometrist in the henderson area , this place is great . the staff is friendly , efficient and very communicative . they also accept most insurances . office is clean and comfortable and wait times were minimal . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i feel very comfortable at either of the offices i 've been to . the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable . i like all the frames to choose from .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to this office for a couple years now and have always received excellent service and am always treated with respect . emy will work with you to find the best frames for you . nikki is awesome as well . i was seeing dr. steven nguyen until my insurance changed but will more than likely order my glasses here still . the selection of frames is awesome . i always feel like a kid in a candy store when i 'm here . : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for contact lenses fitting and a pair of glasses , and both went well . this place was kind of expensive though , and i do n't think they have a very good selection of glasses . the location is convenient , but i 'm not sure if i will be back next year for a new pair .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my entire family has been seen by dr. nguyen for the past 12 years . we love him and his staff . he takes his time snd explains everything . would highly recommend him ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the doctors and staff at optic gallery in seven hills and the district are amazing . they are friendly , accommodating , helpful , and professional . dr. nguyen is fantastic . he knows his stuff , listens to your concerns and questions , and does n't rush you out of the room . nikki at seven hills is amazing at helping you find frames that go well with your face shape and style . thanks everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. chueng was amazing with myself and my two daughters . she keeps you involved through the whole process . office staff is also very helpful and knowledgeable . highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hallo ! ich bin bez\u00fcglich der bewertung hin und her gerissen . von fr bis mo waren wir in stuttgart und auf grund der n\u00e4he des cafe , zum hotel , waren wir zweimal zum fr\u00fchst\u00fcck dort und einmal um eis zu essen . was wir dort erlebten war recht unterschiedlich . grunds\u00e4tzlich gibt es hier , in diesem gem\u00fctlich wirkenden , cafe-restaurant alles . fr\u00fchst\u00fcck , mittag , abendessen , kuchen und eis . aber auch grunds\u00e4tzlich , scheitern die 4 sterne an dem personal . unfreundlich und unaufmerksam , w\u00e4ren mal die oberbegriffe dazu . als wir am samstag zum fr\u00fchst\u00fccken dort waren , war das brot mit sicherheit nicht frisch geschnitten . schade , ansonsten war das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck ganz gut . einen besuch hatten wir dort mit freunden zur kaffeezeit gemacht . ich hatte dabei ein eiskaffee gew\u00e4hlt und muss sagen ... lecker . im gro\u00dfen und ganzen , aus meiner sicht : preis-leistung passt . qualit\u00e4t fr\u00fchst\u00fcck drei bis vier sterne . und personal , bis auf eine sehr nette kollegin , sollte bitte vern\u00fcnftig geschult werden ! aber das ganze spiegelt nat\u00fcrlich nur meine bescheidene , pers\u00f6nliche meinung wieder .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wir waren drei tage in stuttgart unterwegs und sind im parkinn am marienplatz abgestiegen . da wir nicht das standardfr\u00fchst\u00fcck im hotel nutzen wollten , ist uns sofort das cafe ins auge gefallen . gesagt , getan ostersonntag zum fr\u00fchst\u00fccken ins cafe . sehr gute auswahl . verschiedene fr\u00fchst\u00fccksvarianten wie klein , gross , k\u00e4se und wurst . zus\u00e4tzlich bircher m\u00fcsli , himbeerquark , griechischer joghurt mit pistazien und honig , joghurt mit m\u00fcsli . erg\u00e4nzt um originelle r\u00fchreierideen wie r\u00fchrei mir avocado und meeresfr\u00fcchten , spargel und frischk\u00e4se oder mit gr\u00fcnem pesto . einfach lecker . die kuchenauswahl sah auch toll aus und wird frisch von der ko ditorei angeliefert . also schnell hin , echt toll ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wirklich ein netter laden . freundliche bedienung und gutes essen . vor allem das konzept w\u00e4hle drei kleine speisen aus sechs f\u00fcr 12,50 eur ist super und der koch kann etwas . wer die chance auf das selbst gemachte k\u00fcrbis-apfel chutney hat , m\u00f6ge sich das nicht entgehen lassen . klasse .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "das kaiserbau ist und bleibt ein guter spot zum cafe-trinken !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "es ist immer wieder toll . klar die bedienung ist etwas vergesslich und vielleicht auch langsam , aber ich glaube , man kann sich das alles am marienplatz nicht aussuchen . das angebot ist lecker ( zum fr\u00fchst\u00fcck ) und auch mittags sieht es recht gef\u00fcllt aus . man kann wunderbar drau\u00dfen sitzen und glotzen - entschuldigung - das leben beobachten . die weine , die weine . die mischung der menschen - alles in ordnung . wenn das galao und das herbertz aber auch immer so voll sind ! ! ! ach liebe s\u00fcdler : wo hat man diese sonne und den platz f\u00fcr einen kaffee im freien n\u00e4he marienplatz ? ! ( ich bin offen f\u00fcr tipps )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich find ja die bedienungen manchmal etwas sehr langsam und vergesslich", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hier gibts lecker kaffee und kuchen und zwar direkt am marienplatz . was wir auch besonders m\u00f6gen ist das abendessen f\u00fcr 12,50 euro darf man sich von 7 ( ? ) gerichten auf der wechselnden abendkarte 3 aussuchen und bekommt dann 3 kleine portionen . da ich gerne viele gerichte ausprobiere f\u00fcr mich optimal . erw\u00e4hnenswert ist auch die angeschlossene , nur im sommer betriebene , grandiose eisdiele hier wird gerne mit neuen sorten experimentiert . heraus kommt dabei das beste eis stuttgarts . und das \u00fcbrigens aus reiner biomilch . einen stern abzug gibt 's nur deshalb , weil das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck nicht mit der restlichen auswahl mithalten kann . sonst super !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ein sehr netter flecken in stuttgart - besonders an sonnigen tagen . im cafe kaiserbau gibt es leckeres essen und insbesondere eine ( k\u00fchl- ) theke mit sehr leckeren schweinereien zum kaffee . der ein wehrmutstropfen ist , dass sie an den sehr sch\u00f6nen sommerabenden wegen der anwohner viel zu fr\u00fch zu machen m\u00fcssen . von der terasse aus hat man einen sch\u00f6nen blick auf den marienplatz und der haltestelle der zacke . da die u-bahn- und bushaltestelle marienplatz ebenfalls gleich daneben ist , kommt man auch aus den anderen stadteilen sehr einfach zum cafe kaiserbau . update 11.2.07 : mein eigentlich sehr guter eindruck des cafes hat sich heute schlagartig verschlechtert . da bei schlechtem wetter man weder draussen sitzen kann , noch die fenster offen sind , ist das lokal eine r\u00e4ucherh\u00f6hle . selbst eine raucherin meinte , dass ihr das viel zu heftig sei .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sehr sch\u00f6ne location zum drau\u00dfensitzen im sommer , drinnen ist es nicht ganz so sch\u00f6n . gutes essen , das mit einem interessanten konzept serviert wird : es gibt kleine teller mit preiswerten mini-portionen , von denen man mehrere bestellen kann . die zum caf\u00e9 geh\u00f6rende eisdiele ist alleine schon den besuch wert : sie geh\u00f6rt zu den besten im gro\u00dfraum stuttgart - auch wegen der speziellen geschmacksrichtungen wie quark-feige , rhabarber oder salz-karamell .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sehr gem\u00fctliches caf\u00e9 direkt am marienplatz an der talstation der zacke . sehr aufmerksame und nette bedienungen . und immer drei oder vier aktuelle tageszeitungen und diverse wochenmagazine . leider darf man inzwischen drinnen nicht mehr rauchen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eines meiner lieblingscaf\u00e9s ! man kann innen im modernen caf\u00e9 sitzen oder au\u00dfen auf dem marienplatz . das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck ist sehr lecker , der kuchen ebenfalls . nur die bedienungen werden leider nicht nach freundlichkeit und aufmerksamkeit ausgesucht .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ein cafe mit kleiner speisekarte . im sommer ein sehr sch\u00f6ner au\u00dfenbereich auf dem marienplatz . einfach klasse das `` 6 aus 3 '' angebot . t\u00e4glich wechselnd 6 gerichte , davon 3 in kleinen portionen f\u00fcr 12,50 eur . ein leichtes leckeres abendessen f\u00fcr den sommer , immer schmackhaft , sch\u00f6n pr\u00e4sentiert und abwechslungsreich . sehr gute auswahl offener weine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "waren recht sp\u00e4t abend zu 4. da . mussten die bedienung zum bestellen auf uns aufmerksam machen . danach lief aber alles sehr glatt . uns wurde 3 mal brot nachgebracht , zwischendurch der status und die zufriedenheit abgefragt . das macht f\u00fcr mich guten service aus . das essen war frisch , sehr lecker und abends genau richtig .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehr gutes caf\u00e9 . erstklassiger kaffee , guter kuchen , tolle extras wie kleine k\u00fcchlein etc . das fr\u00fchst\u00fccksangebot k\u00f6nnte m.e . etwas \u00fcppiger sein , aber was man bekommt , ist ausnahmslos sehr gut , vor allem die bagels . atmosph\u00e4re entspannt-gem\u00fctlich . freundlicher service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good spot , particularly so during the warmer days with the outside seating on marienplatz in stuttgart s\u00fcd . food is decent , but i go more often for a drink . the next door gelato spot ( the gelatria ) is superb .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eigentlich ein nettes cafe . die speisen und getr\u00e4nke sind ganz okay . aber die unglaublich langsame , unorganisierte und unaufmerksame bedienung ist einfach nur nervig . das ist leider praktisch immer so , egal wann man hinkommt und wer gerade da ist . man wartet erst ewig , bis man wahrgenommen wird und mal eine speisekarte kriegt ; auch dann , wenn es nicht sonderlich voll ist . dann dauert es wieder ewig bis zur bestellung und so weiter . schade um den an sich ganz netten laden ; aber nach insgesamt vier versuchen , werde ich nicht mehr hingehen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nettes cafe am marienplatz im stuttgarter s\u00fcdendie kaffeespezialit\u00e4ten und fr\u00fchst\u00fccksangebote sind durchaus empfehlenswert , der service l\u00e4sst allerdings etwas zu w\u00fcnschen \u00fcbrig ( unorganisiert und langsam )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wir gehen \u00f6fters zum fr\u00fchst\u00fccken ins cafe kaiserbau . bircherm\u00fcsli und co. sind sehr zu empfehlen . schmeckt lecker , gutes preis-leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis , sehr nette bedienung . atmosph\u00e4re bei sonnenschein ist der hammer ; - ) ) freu mich auf den n\u00e4chsten sonnentag im cafe kaiserbau ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aufmerksamer flinker service . das m\u00fcsli mit joghurt war sehr gut , der cafe auch . preise sind ok. etwas mehr aufmerksamkeit t\u00e4te dem cafe ganz gut es wirkt alles etwas schw\u00e4bisch spartanisch . wer mit blick richtung wand sitzt , sieht eine wand kein bild , kein spiegel , leere wand . toilette war sehr schmutzig und siffig .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here one night after an event . very crowded , very crowded . good food . very loud .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "meilleur espresso de stuttgart ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "da ich in der n\u00e4he wohne war ich in den letzten monaten ab und zu mal dort und komme jetzt endlich mal dazu eine bewertung zu schreiben : lokal : das lokal liegt nett , direkt am marienplatz und ist gerade in den sommermonaten sehr gut besucht . drau\u00dfen einen platz zu ergattern ist bei sch\u00f6nem wetter richtig schwierig . die einrichtung ist nicht so ganz mein geschmack , aber ok. speisen getr\u00e4nke : die speisen sind ok bis ganz gut , je nach angebot . nichts besonderes , aber muss ja auch nicht immer sein . service : leider ist das personal teilweise \u00fcberfordert , in der regel sehr langsam . die freundlichkeit l\u00e4sst auch \u00f6fter mal zu w\u00fcnschen \u00fcbrig . nachfragen zu angeboten werden mit einem schulterzucken beantwortet und es kommt auch schonmal vor , dass man bei der bestellung zu h\u00f6ren bekommt : das steht noch in der karte ? nein , das gibt es schon lange nicht mehr . beim n\u00e4chsten besuch steht es dann immer noch in der karte . alles in allem sind die zwei sterne vor allem der lage geschuldet sonst w\u00e4re es wohl nur einer geworden .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice caf\u00e9 on a great location . you never get tired of looking at the `` zahnradbahn '' ( cog railroad ) , a mechanical miracle . = ) pro 's : + great cappuccino and cornetto . + nice cakes and pies . + nice in the summer with a great location at marienplatz with sun almost the whole day . con 's : - a little expensive considering it 's so far from the city center . - try to come early midday because it gets hard to find seats in the summer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gut um im sommer was zu trinken und zeitgleich das treiben auf dem marienplatz mitzuverfolgen die aushilfsbedienungen k\u00f6nnten besser ausgesucht motiviert geschult werden . ich weiss nicht woran es liegt ich weiss nur das ich mich hier nicht in guten h\u00e4nden f\u00fchle . viele yuppies hipster am start . nebenan ist im sommer eine sehr leckere eisdiele . nirgends schmeckt das eis so gut wie hier . ich hoffe die neue eisdiele ( mitten auf dem marienplatz ) verf\u00fchrt nicht zu oft kunden des kaiserbaus fremdzugehen ; ) das eis an sich hat 5 punkte verdient ! ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super cafe . es ist hier schon alles gesagt , so dass ich jeden nur ermuntern kann , mal hinzugehen . bitte auch mal nach 18:00 uhr und die leckere und sehr phantasievolle k\u00fcche probieren .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gut zum sitzen und zum abh\u00e4ngen . feines engel-bier und schmackhaftes essen , guter kaffee und kuchen , prima frozen jogurt aus der eisdiele nebenan . manchmal wird ein getr\u00e4nk vergessen , aber die freundlichkeit der jungen damen l\u00e4\u00dft keinen unmut aufkommen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehr sch\u00f6ner platz f\u00fcr gem\u00fctliches montag-dienstag-mittwoch-donnerstag-und-freitag-mittagessen , einen rotwein-freitag-abend , ein vom-shoppen-erholungs-schokot\u00f6rtchen-mit-cappuccino-samstag oder f\u00fcr einen ruhigen-fr\u00fchst\u00fcck-sonntag mit zeitung . ich gehe sehr gerne dort hin , da die qualit\u00e4t einfach stimmt . der kaffee ist super , an der theke gibt es s\u00fc\u00dfe s\u00fcnden aber auch herzhaftes wie belegte panini . mittags kann man zwischen drei authentisch italienischen gerichten w\u00e4hlen ( meist vorspeise , pasta und fleisch- fischgericht , jeweils mit salat ) . das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck z\u00e4hlt f\u00fcr mich zu den besten in stuttgart ! ( parmaschinken , manchmal gekochter schinken manchmal luftgetrocknete salami , pastete , schnittk\u00e4se , zwei italienische weichk\u00e4sesorten , birnen , trauben , ei , orangensaft , cappuccino und sagenhaft leckeres brot ) der service ist sehr freundlich ! ( das war schon anders , hat sich jedoch stark zum positiven ge\u00e4ndert ) lediglich im sommer , wenn drau\u00dfen alle tische besetzt sind , sind die bedienungen unterbesetzt und etwas \u00fcberfordert . alles in allem sehr empfehlenswert !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nettes caf\u00e9 direkt am marienplatz . auswahl der kuchen ist gut . service ist freundlich und je nachdem von wem man bedient wird , schnell oder langsam . hatte frozen joghurt mit himbeeren war lecker und portion war ausreichend f\u00fcr 4,50\u20ac .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gem\u00fctliches ambiente ohne hektisches treiben : so l\u00e4sst sich das vincafe am besten beschreiben . zentral gelegen ( direkt am marienplatz ) , aber doch fernab der hektik , die in so manchen kneipen und cafes vorherrscht . das publikum hat man das teeniealter schon einige zeit hinter sich gelassen und erfreut sich an den sonnigen tischen zum nachmittagskaffee mit allerlei leckerem backwerk , oder des abends beim feinen glas rotwein und kulinarischen h\u00e4ppchen . doch : ich mag 's . und deshalb bin ich auch des \u00f6fteren dort anzutreffen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "originally we thought the sushi burritos were sold at the original su & shi location . they actually have a separate location just for burritos and poke bowls across the food court . i opted for half a sushi burrito ( $ 7.99 ) and he got the salmon poke bowl with salad ( $ 11 ) . we also decided to share an avocado shake ( $ 3.99 ) since it was their daily special . i realized after they charged me for tapioca when i never asked for it . we really enjoyed our orders ! half a sushi burrito was a filling size for me . he did n't feel full after his poke bowl because salad is n't as filling as rice or a protein . i would recommend for you to try them out when you 're at the mall . i actually prefer this sushi burrito place compared to corners .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i 'm craving for fast sushi , i come here . the sushi is always fresh and can be made-to- order . they have a great variety when your on the go . located in the food central of square one . the prices are standard for the price of mall food . paying between $ 8 to 13 for an ok amount of sushi for one person . the only thing that is bothersome is that now they are giving you packaged ginger , instead of the usual fresh ginger . and , is charging $ 0.50 more if you want fresh ginger . i had to buy the fresh ginger . it 's never the same when it 's packaged . plus , you never know the shelf life . successful strategy su & shi , but not great for my pockets .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have had sushi burritos before and enjoyed them , saw that su & shi opened a burrito pokebowl outlet in the square one food court and i had to try it . i got the sumo crunch sushi burrito and i was impressed . it has both shrimp tempura and crab meat in it making it a two in one burrito . the ingredients blend well together and each bite is one to be savored i have also had the sushi burrito at the sushitto food truck & mihito and the one made by su & shi is just as good . . i feel the other two have more quantity within their burritos . i am returning to try the remaining burritos and pokebowls and so should you : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my gf suggested we try this as she had heard that the concept is really good . tried the 11 : sumo crunch . i was skeptical before my first bite ... but as soon as it happened ... time stopped ... and i was teleported to an ayce joint stuffing my face with sushi rolls . the combination of ingredients and the giant shrimp tempura 's in the centre made this the best sushi thing i have ever had . even better than sushi pizza ! the way they cut it in half and you can separate the box in 2 was really neat . everything was amazing ! go try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not cheap and not that good . would n't recommend the expensive sushi or rolls . did n't expect too much anyways .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered a veggie bento box with salad instead of white rice . comes with avocado sushi , 4 pieces of veggie tempura , a stir fry with veggies and tofu and the salad . the stir fry a bit sweet ( note to self : request them to make it a bit spicy ) , the rolls fairly good , the tempuras fresh and crispy but too greasy for our taste . the salad hardly any lettuce and a grape tomato , the dressing again sweet for our taste the rice perfectly seasoned and could have used a bit more garlic and a bit more kick . a bit tofu would have added to the rice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like it when it 's on sale . the nigiri sushi and salmon rolls is ok . the rice sometimes it 's a bit dry if you buy it almost at their closing time . their service is ok . overall is an ok place when you want to eat sushi at the mall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best location and they are always nice to me and the food is fresh and clean and good chooses of sushi and you need to try this place ! ! high recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "su & shi is a beautiful and modern addition to the square one food court . decided to stop in with the bf for a quick lunch . the house amai noodles were looking especially good ( chicken and shrimp , tofu , spring onion , egg , onions and optional peanuts ) . today they were on special , with your choice of miso soup , salad or 4 pieces of a california roll . the portion size was huge , well enough for two of us to share . i liked how the sushi was freshly made for us , and that the chef gave us the option of spice level . ( side note : medium was not spicy enough for new , got ta kick up the heat next time ! ) the chicken and shrimp were cooked well . my favourites were the soft tofu cubes and lightly fried egg ... delicious ! only complaint was the too-sweet sauce . it was certainly odd , reminiscent of french salad dressing . i have no idea what went into that sauce , but it was strange and disappointing in an otherwise decent fast food lunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really good bang for your buck here . most of their food is reasonably priced , and their sides are cheaper than other places . the only thing is the avocado rolls i bought were $ 5.99 , and i usually get them for $ 3- $ 4 . my boyfriend and i got the chicken teriyaki , gyoza , vegetable tempura , chicken karaage , and avocado rolls . everything was extremely delicious except for the chicken teriyaki , it was decent , but i 've had better . it 's great for lunch or dinner while shopping in the mall , or they also offer delivery through ubereats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i actually ate from here because i was desperately hungry and wanted to try something new.i had pretty low expectation since it is the food court version of spring rolls . i was somewhat pleasantly surprised . i had the house ramen , which came with a decent assortment of meat , a piece of shrimp tempura and a small portion of noodles in your choice or normal or spicy broth . the tempura was nice and crunchy and the meat was fairly fresh . the broth had msg , but was n't super salty . the only downside is that the ramen tasted a bit like instant noodles and was n't made in-house . overall though , i do like the house ramen here better than kenzo and is similarly priced with more meat and less salty , just that the noodles are a bit sub-par .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i passed and saw a sign stating 30 % off all sushi , i went to pay and i was charged full price . the cashier gave a sour and unimpressed look when i paid because i was asking about the discount . after i paid i went to look at the sign again and asked one of the workers , they said that someone turned the sign and it was a mistake . i just did not enjoy the lady taking my payment at the cash . sushi was ok. $ 8.99 for 12 peices of small avo salmon roll .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "possibly the best sushi ive had in the area . this restaurant is always busy however the service is always quick without sacrificing quality . the sushi rice is always fresh , moist and flavourful . the fish is never ever foul ! always fresh and bursting with flavour ! i love the wide variety of sashimi and sushi as well . bright colours always make the eating experience so much better . love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this a a pretty good place in a busy food court . fast service . nice service . i had the bento box with beef . good over all taste .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i have bought produce here twice and so far have been very satisfied . the majority of the stock is in great condition ( better than grocery store quality ) and it is cheaper than you would get at a chain . i spent $ 15.25 this week and purchased : a honeydew melon , a big thing of blueberries , 6 pears , 4 plums , 2 acorn squash , and a bunch of bananas . that being said , make sure you check each intended purchase - some of it is just this side of going bad and you do need to be aware of what you are buying . i have also not purchased any meat from them ( there is a good butcher close by ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great in the summer for fresh vegetables , the deli is ok . they always have good price for produce . you might see an undesirable item here or there , just do not buy it . i had to moderate my review , because they sold me some old steaks in their meat cooler . they really we 're not fit to eat , and they should not have been for sale . all in all it is the best place locally for fruits and vegetables . also , this supports ohio and american farmers , very little is imported .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very cheap produce at s & r. my friend bought a bunch of smokies . avoid those meat sticks because they were not good . a reviewer complained about the produce not being local . i will be damned if i ever see a banana or lemon tree growing around these parts . do n't just support your local economy , support the global economy and poor banana farmers in costa rica . they need money too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will qualify this by saying that s & r is a great market to have nearby if you understand their limitations . we pretty much only shop here for apples and bananas , and maybe some other produce if we plan to use it the same day . the inside of the store is pretty dirty , and they do n't take credit cards . i would n't buy anything from their deli . i 'd say their quality of produce is about on par with what i expect from the wsm ( with a few exceptions ) . you can get great deals , but you need to use it quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went there today and was so disappointed . the fruit was not fresh and had fruit flies all over it . the vegetables were wilted . i was scared to by anything from there in fear of getting sick . i do n't recommend this place at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the people are nice , but the produce all looked old and ready to spoil . we were afraid to buy anything .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is horrible . everything was moldy within a day . prices were high and i ended up throwing away half what i bought after a day . quality of what i did get to eat was mediocre at best . do not shop here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't recommend anyone to go there , the facilities are nice and new but their sales persons are horrible , high pressure upsells , also when i got my insurance bill , they charged my insurance something that i have never done at my visit . it 's extremely not ethical ! i will never go back ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "high hygienist turnover with inconsistent questionable billing ... nice facilities . you can tell it 's just a job for the staff !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best dentist visit i 've ever had ! the entire staff were very knowledgable and kind . they worked with my slightly tough financial situation . they checked parts of my oral health that no other dentist has ever checked before . they care so much about my oral health and not about the money . i beyond recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this office is amazing , i have been dr zana 's dental assistant for 9 years . our hygienist kim has been here for 10 years and our newest hygienist toni coming up on a year . we are a close tight fit team that works so hard to please our patient 's and give them the best experience and life time care . we all enjoy knowing our patients on a personal level . we ca n't forget about our little munchkins we have come into the office that always puts a smile on all of our faces . please do n't be a stranger and come be apart of our dental family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best dentist i have had in my 33 years . i have had numerous dentists across 3 states . clean office . attentive and friendly staff . renee is hands down the best hygienist . dr. zaina is personal and also takes time with her patients . each person is treated as an individual not just an income for the office . have recommended several people to smiles by design who have also began to recommend others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr.zana is my favorite ! ! ! makes going to the dentist much more bearable . maybe even fun ! lol ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so fortunate to find smiles by design . the entire staff is so compassionate and knowledgeable . moving to scottsdale from the midwest , i had no clue of finding a dentist . luckily they are a part of my dental plan . thank you dr. zana and all of your staff for an exceptional dental experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great office ! nice staff . friendly from the moment i walked in . the dentist and staff are very thorough , kind , and educational . would definitely recommend family and friends to come here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always happy with my visits to smiles . kind and virtuous staff , clean office and good care .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr. zana is so skilled , gentle , compassionate and friendly ! the staff is always friendly . kim the dental hygienist is fantastic ! courtney is amazing ! true professionals ! i highly recommend smiles by design", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible , insulting experience . only wanted a therapeutic review . got a nauseating middle aged woman who kept saying give me tip , give me tip . this hideous creature was rude and insutling the whole time and the quality of the massage was a joke . i am a good massage therapist myself so i can say that . she even grabbed my clothes and gave them to me saying take money out of there and give me a tip . i just got up and walked out even though we were only half through the time . i feel like i have been robbed and will never go there again . i am only writing this review to warn other people . stay away !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "convenient location , warmly service , really relaxing massage , no doubt will go again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommended ! it is a great place for massage . i went there last month since it got new ownership in may of 2013 . i found it is a fantastic place for relaxing and enjoying life ! it is a very nice and clean place . the price is good , and service is perfect . and it opens for 24 hours , it is great ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a cupcake fanatic . in every city i travel to , i make it a point to try every cupcake shop from magnolia bakery and cupcake cafe in nyc to sprinkles in vancouver . i was excited when the cupcake shoppe opened years ago . i wanted to try all the flavours . a dozen cupcakes and $ 25 later , i was left disappointed . the cake itself was light but lacked depth of flavour . the `` buttercream '' tasted more like vegetable shortening rather than butter . next time i crave cupcakes , i 'm making it myself .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "having recently been to red velvet cupcakes in washington dc and magnolia bakery in nyc , i was curious how the cupcake shoppe in toronto would measure up . i stopped in and picked up 4 flavours : curious george , sticky n sweet , one with chocolate chips , and frost me ( vanilla frosting on marble cake ) . the cake itself is moist , fresh , and slightly dense with a homemade gourmet flavour , making it so far the best cake of any of the 3 cupcake shops i have recently visited . the frostings are well-proportioned to the cakes and come in a variety of textures and levels of richness . being a real sweet tooth , i preferred the vanilla frosting as it is richer and denser frosting . i believe they have approximately 9 cupcake flavours available each day , which provides a good variety to choose from . i would recommend these cupcakes and would visit again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had to find a nut free cupcake bakery and i happened to stumble upon the cupcake shoppe . everything made here is nut free and taste delicious ! ! never had to physically enter into the bakery . i had to order 5 dozens of cupcake for my staff and had no time to pick them up . i placed my order via phone with credit card and got them delivered exactly at the time i needed the next day . they have lots of flavours to choose from and if you do delivery they can come in these nice plastic boxes to keep them from moving around . though delivery does cost abut 20 $ extra . had a great experience from ordering to the execution of the cupcakes . the delivery guy was super friendly and delivered them at the time i needed them . cupcakes were moist and the buttercream icing was to die for ! definitely will be returning here because overall experience was very positive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i lived at yonge & eglinton for 3 years and it was n't until my 2nd year in that i discovered the cupcake shoppe . i 'm surprised i did n't notice it sooner . the space is small ... 500 sq ft give or take . the display window is magical with whimsically decorated cupcakes fashioned to look like little animals , ladybugs or other animate objects . you can not see the displays without taking a peek inside . two words : real buttercream . this is probably why i love this place so much . you will find these little pieces of heaven perfectly topped with different flavors of not-too-sweet buttercream . my favorites are : creamsicle , crummie and after ate . i live in manhattan now ... fabled land of the best cupcakes . i would skip them all for a young & eligible cupcake ! tip : sometimes they close before their actual closing time if they run out of cupcakes and you will be greeted by a sign telling you to come back another day ... which happens more often than not .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disappointing : that seems to be the consensus about the cupcake shoppe . something about their cutely decorated confections appealed to me as i walked by their window , and i felt i had to give it a try . but , it 's always best not to judge a book by it 's cover , as it is a cupcake by it 's ... .icing . ( ? ) the service is n't anything worth mentioning either . even still , i 'm always willing to give an impartial cupcake a chance . however , the only thing i walked out with from the cupcake shoppe was a bad taste in my mouth .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everyone loves cupcakes ! so make them right . the cupcake shop does a beautiful job merchandising the cupcakes , buy falls short on taste ! the fact of the matter is , you will never get a better cupcake than making your own , or at a local bake sale . if your looking to dazzle your guests with precise designs , and beautiful colors , then buy a dozen ... .but replace them with your own when your ready to serve them ! economically speaking , they are very pricey !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "kudos to the cupcake shoppe for great marketing . they seem to have a little bit of a cult following but i 've always found that their cupcakes were lacking a little something . when you need to fulfill the cupcake craving they do the job , when you need something to impress they definitely look pretty , but i 've always found their cupcakes to be on the dry side . at almost $ 3.00 a cupcake there 's definitely better out there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "meh . was given a bit of attitude when i changed my mind from purchasing 12 cupcakes to 6 . i found that the cupcakes were okay . i think making cupcakes from a mix would 've been more satisfying and less dry . the only good part about the cupcake was the icing but it was squished around the box after walking about a block . i 'm quite glad that i bought 6 cupcakes instead of 12 , not worth it for $ 3 a piece .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love the vanilla cupcakes with buttercream frosting from the cupcake shoppe . they have a long list of flavours to choose from but only a few are available each day . sometimes simplicity is best . my boyfriend knows that picking up a half-dozen cupcakes from here will quickly make me very happy . they have a daily rotation of flavours so you never know what will be for sale until you stop by . their little space on yonge st. is mostly bakery space with a little counter and till at the front , and some gift cards in case you are in a pinch . their cupcakes are moist and not too sweet , and their frosting is smooth , rich , not too sweet . there is just the perfect amount of icing on each cupcake . they are priced at $ 2.50 each , but if you come late in the afternoon you can buy their `` day old '' ones for less .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meh ... ... @ $ 2.50 a pop plus tax ... i 'm just as happy getting a 6 pack at my local grocery store .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "whenever i come to toronto to visit - and i 'm in this neighbourhood i always come here to get my cupcake fix . i have never been disappointed at their fluffy flavourful cupcakes . for the icing- they use real buttercream and no strange additives . how do i know ? ? because i like to ask these things ! plus it 's reflected in the taste ! if your in the hood stop buy and get some cupcakes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not as great as people have raved but also not as bad as some of the real cupcake connoisseurs made it out . however , this review is based on two cupcakes : a vanilla and a caramel . the basic vanilla : very light , moist , fluffy and tasty . everything i like in a cupcake ( i 'll wave it artistic merit since it was a very basic cupcake ) . not at all as dry as some warned me , until ... caramel : yawn . the cake was a tad dyer than the regular vanilla ( though i think it might have been the same vanilla type cake ) and instead of a frosting they used a caramel glaze . not necessarily horrible but i would 've gone with a fluffy frosting to offset the bland cake . plus it was topped with a yellow ju-jube ( the hell ? ! ) . i would 've opted for a candied pecan but that 's just me ; )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yumm ! these treats are delicious and always fresh . personally i 'm a big fan of the buttercream cupcakes and vanilla bottoms but they are all good . these also make a great little personalized surprise for someone special as they can custom make the cupcakes . the display window and the smell in the morning are enough to lure me in ! a fun little fact - this place claims to be the original cupcake shop in toronto that started the frenzy , it 's been around for 6 years !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had their cupcakes a couple weeks ago . completely underrated . delicious and fresh . not dramatically sweet . like the most perfect cupcakes ever ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only had the chocolate cake with raspberry icing , and it was good ! the cake was moist , icing was not too sweet - definitely hit the spot for my sweet craving ! i still miss crumbs in nyc the most - but before i get to go back there i 'll have to come here ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i work in the area and it seems to be the only cupcake place i can go to for a sweet tooth craving . i think the cupcakes are beautifully decorated but i dont know if they are suppose to have flavours ? they seemed bland and dry the last time i had them but i just like the way they look . it would help if they were more moist .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "open sunday ! it was busy but we were in and out . staff we 're extremely pleasant especially considering how busy it was . they had a nice variety of cupcakes and were n't out of anything ! what a bonus ! if you go somewhere expecting to purchase their specialty , you would hope they stock enough of it . well done ! parking was a bit of a nuisance . nothing they can do about it . just a heads up . i 'm not going to comment on the flavours of the cupcake . that would be unfair . it 's a matter of personal preference . the product itself is great and fresh : ) see you when i 'm 10lbs heavier ! hahaha love me some cupcakes ! ! lolololololoo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a huge cupcake fan or for anything sweet ! the cupcake shoppe is a tiny store near yonge eglinton that offers a good variety of flavours to pick from . everything is freshly baked daily , but get your cupcakes early on in the day as the ones near 5pm are a bit staler tasting . the staff is generally friendly , though they do n't make helpful recommendations on which flavours to get . i always get red velvet and vanilla - the bottom is fluffy and the most important part is the icing & it 's just right and perfectly proportional to the cupcake itself . even if i knew how to bake , i '' m sure i would n't be able to perfect a cupcake like them . well worth the price , for two ( or more ) bites of deliciousness ! tip : only street parking available ( nightmare in this area ) so take the ttc if possible !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently ordered customized cupcakes for 2 birthday celebrations . the staff were very welcoming when i walked through the door to order my cupcakes . i wanted them to be very customized but did n't know what to do so she googled images and suggested ideas . i had 100 % complete trust in her and i 'm glad i did ! i picked them up 5 days after and i was very impressed . the cupcakes were assorted , packaging was pretty , the icing and customized images ... wow . the cupcakes tasted great . i was very glad when the staff told me to keep them at room temperature if the party wanted to consume them that night . good call . would i go back for more ? totally .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cupcakes good , not fantastic ; good presentation , service average . very cute little shop , and great location", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is my favorite cupcake place in toronto . i was introduced to this shop almost 5 years ago and i 've been hooked ever since . my favorite flavor is the yonge and eligible , simple vanilla cake with vanilla butter cream icing . if you want true butter cream that is fluffy and light butter cream , then this is where you should be . the cake itself is moist and has good density so it does n't crumble . it 's not heavy i 've had prairie girl many times and it does n't compare . i 've found pg cupcakes to be too dense and their version of butter cream similar to sour cream . one drawback is that i remember ordering a cake from cupcake shoppe for my university graduation and even though the cake was delicious , the image of a graduation cap was simple a rectangle and a lame tassel haha .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our office is located right near this shop and we have called on numerous occasions to place an order but no one ever picks up the phone : s", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pros : -yummy cupcakes . cute names ( yonge & eligible , james brown , etc ) . pretty packaging . i like the overall look of the cupcakes and the labelling which i think makes them taste even better lol . -one of my favorite places for buttercream cupcakes and i do n't go elsewhere . freshly made daily . cons : -i found the service was a bit shaky lol sort of awkward but the smell and look of the cupcakes makes up for it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "extremely helpful staff and delicious cupcakes . go for the red velvet or cookie dough ! ordered a cake with a minnie mouse theme and it turned out beautifully and everyone loved it . ca n't wait for an excuse to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "offering a total of 17 nut-free flavours , with nine available in-store each and every day , the cupcake shoppe wins the award for having the most creative cupcake names . some of my favourites include yonge 'n ' eligible ( vanilla or chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream ) , sleepless in toronto ( vanilla or chocolate cake with coffee buttercream ) , curious george ( vanilla or chocolate cake with banana buttercream ) , and eh ? ( vanilla cake with maple buttercream ) . unfortunately cute names and beautiful presentation is n't everything , but these cupcakes are still a solid choice when you need that mini-cake fix .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm in the yonge & eglinton area often and have tried quite a few flavours of cupcakes at the cupcake shoppe . i would post the names of all the flavours i 've tried , but it honestly does n't matter - they 've all been awful . while the cupcakes themselves look pretty and have clever names , none of that makes up for the total lack of flavour they all have . they 've all been blah to me ( especially the ones with more of a whipped consistency to the frosting ) , to the point where the flavour combos do n't matter because they 're so muted , you ca n't tell them apart . i suggest you try out another bakery in the city , or search up a delicious recipe online and give baking a go yourself . better yet , save some of your hard-earned dineros and opt for duncan hines diy - i find those more flavourful , so i think that speaks volumes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good but not great . the most appealing part of the place is the effort they put into their display window . i 'm in the yonge & eglinton area often and have purchased from her on a couple of occasions . each time , my opinion was the same ... average . that said , if you 're looking for a good stomach filler , i 'd suggest you follow them on twitter . through their account , the often provide words of the day that could get you free day-olds or some free extras on top of your order .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place , i have been to many cupcake shops around toronto and this has to be one of the best places to go to if you are dying to have a cupcake . def worth the hr bus ride from scarbrough to get one . imo . i also love the set up of all the cupcakes . everything is so bright and welcoming . it is easy to miss though so keep your eyes open when walking down the street . pretty n pink , is rasberry buttercream icing . the icing is not over powering like i find some and it dose n't leave any sort of strong after taste of the coloring used . the cake is really moist , which you might think is a givin to be a good cupcake but some places make their cakes more densir i almost want to say for some reason ... .maybe to peserve shelf life i do n't know , either way amazing . price was 3 something which is good . other ones to try are strawberrys n cream , and cookie dough .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are some great cupcake places in toronto , but based on my one visit , the cupcake shoppe is just ok . the cupcakes have cutesy names , which is funny , but also a bit annoying because you have to ask what 's in them . i had a sleepless in toronto , which is a chocolate cupcake with coffee buttercream . the cake was a little dry , and the coffee flavour was barely noticeable . they have a nice storefront , the place looks good , their website is well designed , etc . it 's too bad the cupcakes are n't great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best nut-free bakery around . the actual cupcake is delicious and the icing is nice and light . this is the original bakery to go to ... all others followed suit . it is on the pricier side but well worth it if you 're looking to treat yourself or loved ones !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the buttercream icing is great but that seems easy to get it right . the cake batter however is pure magic ... moist , fragrant and hands down the best i 've ever had . even better than those famous ones in new york . custom order ones are great too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after trying two flavors -- chocolate and vanilla -- i was sold ! the cupcakes were moist and the icing was delicious ! it 's the really sweet kind , which i love ! the staff was very sweet and the price point is good . it 's a long trip to the cupcake shoppe for me , but if i lived closer , i 'd definitely be a regular .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this store is really cute and make you want to go inside from their window display . however , the cupcakes are so-so . really dense and too sweet - all kinds of them . i 'd like at least a few variety of light ones and some dense ones but here everything is super packed . the flavours are not that creative either and just mediocre . the store needs to open later though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cute layout an shop , very child friendly : ) although their cupcakes are very expensive ! i bought a dozen red velvet cupcakes since they 're my favorite ! unfortunetly the price doesnt suit the taste of the pastry ! they 're just normal cupcakes ! although if you have the money be my guest ; but they arent bad cupcakes they 're just normal , maybe just me but i have high expectations with my sweets .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was very happy when my bf bought cupcakes for me . after we each took a bite our excitement disappeared . the frosting tasted like grease and had no flavour at all . loblaws makes better cupcakes than this place", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this shop is really cute and has a nice selection of cupcakes to chose from ! i had one filled with chocolate , its was okay although i was expecting better . the butter cream did n't have enough icing sugar in it for me and tasted very much like butter , being a baker myself i am always picky about good flavours ! saying that i would return to try other flavours as there was a good selection . they asked for my name and number and entered my into a draw to win free cupcakes which i thought was a nice touch !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not a happy place . counter staff clearly would be doing anything else but be there . the taste of the cupcakes , well , to me it tasted almost synthetic . it just did n't impress me that much . for what they charge , they should be doing a better job , both in the kitchen and with their customers . not impressed at all . disappointed . store front looks impressive and that 's where it ended for me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "beautiful set up in the store window , friendly staff , and delicious cupcakes . we usually get assorted cupcakes for our special occasions at work . great variety .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "physical of the store : - cute looker from the outside - when inside fairly small limited space cupcakes themselves : - pretty mediocre - nothing that special about them - do n't get me wrong they do taste pretty alright - although i wish they made other combination of flavours - another good thing about them is that they are all nut free ! - not that into some of the treats they leave on top of the cupcake as a `` topper '' like c'mon make something a little bit more decorative ! spice it up ! overall : - they do n't charge tax after a certain amount - great for people who have allergies - they ca n't miss out ! - seems ideal for birthday party desserts - cute store you and a friend could walk into after grabbing a coffee or before a movie - convenient location as it 's near yonge & eglinton subway station", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i could eat a dozen yonge + eligible ( plus the staff are super friendly and accommodating ... they add coconut flakes for me ... yum ) . only downside - parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "disclaimer - i am a health nut and have eaten like 3 cupcakes in the past 5 years therefore it is almost blasphemous for me to even be reviewing a pastry joint . taste - delicious but i found it a little too sweet . i do n't like to feel like i am gulping down a pound of sugar in one bite . service - the service was average . a-ok price - definitely overpriced for what you 're really getting . i live in the area so will likely stop by once every year or two to get my fix unless i find another place with decent cupcakes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here on 2 separate occasions with my boyfriend and tried a total of 6 different flavours together , the only one worthy of going back for is the `` apple of my eye '' . the others we tried ( red velvet , cocoa chanel , raspberry and the others i forget ) were nothing special at all . i prefer other places . the main problem i have is with the cupcake base . it is generally dry and does n't taste very fresh . the worst one i had was cocoa chanel , where the cupcake itself tasted like day-old box cake , and the frosting was just a regular whipped chocolate that did n't have a lot of flavour ( the main reason i wanted to try it is because it was described as chocolate buttercream frosting - so a bit of false advertising here ) . the shop itself was dead both times i went but both staff that served us were very nice . cupcakes are $ 3 each .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a few years ago , i thought this place was pretty good . however , the last couple of times i have been there , the cupcakes were n't that great . i have decided to stop going .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered these cupcakes for the first time for a rather important event . the guests actually told me they were horrible . how embarrassing : ( my opinion is that they are very muffin like in density and lack flavour in frosting . i have wish i did n't waist my money on them : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing special but priced as being the best in the city . no amazing ingredients no mind blowing flavours . $ 20 for 5 cup dates not a great deal when they all taste bland . save your money and time . there are much more impressive bakeries in the city that have more of a passion for baking . meh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a little treat for myself since i 'm in the area . i really did n't know which cupcakes they are famous for so just picked the 2 that are my usual favourite . red velvet and salted caramel cupcake . the cupcake was really soft . the icing was where all the flavour was . i like the combination of salted caramel with the chocolate cupcake better than the red velvet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i bought a 6-pack to share with a friends . we were dissappointed with the flavour of the buttercream on the ones that had it because there was none . the only one that was good was the `` opposites attract '' cupcake . however , they were moist i just wished that i could taste the flavour i paid for .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "disappointed for the in-store cupcake this time for sure ! it 's dry ! i ca n't believe this since this is my always go-to cupcake place in all time , but not this time with the red velvet cupcake for sure !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these cupcakes are so yum . my favorite one is frost me . yum yum yum ! cute location , cute store , yummy cupcakes . some of the best cupcakes in toronto !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad . i think we 'd have to try this place again . my friends like it , but we did n't like it so much . the cake was good , but the icing did n't have a lot of flavour . the raspberry even had nerds on it . that was a nice touch . prices were pretty average .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i consider myself extremely lucky to have worked here a few years ago , because frankly it is one of the best cupcake shops . they use real buttercream , they have original flavours and they have really high standards of what they put out for the customers . it is amazing the amount of cakes and cupcakes that are produced at such a tiny bakery . congrats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stay as far away vast you can ! ! ! ! ! ! most horrifying experience ever . front desk staff was rude , gave me a car that had 104,000 miles . absolutely no remorse and when i cancelled , turns out try had doubled charged me a deposit and then had the audacity to charge me $ 14.99 cancellation ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "also known as dream auto rentals . discounted older and dinged rentals . medium pleasant staff but helpful if they know the answers . very out of the way location . airport bus to transit center then transfer to a `` free '' taxi which is much much closer to the airport than the transit center . no deductible gap insurance available here according to the clerk and the do n't push their insurance actually questioning why buy theirs when i have private insurance . ( that 's a new one ) . few cars available . upgraded to the `` box '' mobile . no phone charging plug outlet in this car . do n't forget your cigarette lighter plug . overall car seemed pretty well maintained and had actually been repainted but was chipping all over . perfect . they 'll think i 'm a local . welcome to las vegas . leave your money on the way out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this people are crooks ! do not rent car with this company . please read review from others ! ! ! we will write a letter to travelocity to remove them as their vendor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had to get all the locks changed at my house due to a break in and called rusk lock & key . the guy i worked with josh was very sweet and made recommendations on what locks to get and changed them all in a short amount of time . protecting your home is so important . if you get locked out of your house or car or just need a locksmith call this guy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this guy is shady . do n't trust him . i had him come to a rental l have and asked him to change all the locks to the same key . twice he had to `` run back to the shop '' because he forgot something . then he asks me if l live there and what hours l work and if l live alone . so after about 4 hours of changing 3 locks he hands me a bill for $ 375.00 what a joke . beware this guy is a shyster ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "josh was my tech today and he was amazing . he was fast and great at his job . i would recommend him to anyone . price was so amazing as well . he told me a fee and that 's what it was when he was done . he did not up the price like some of these other locksmiths do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would highly recommend angela lalli to make you beautiful for any special occasion ! i hired angela to do hair for my november wedding in san diego . not only did she do exactly what i wanted , she also made my entire bridal party ( 5 girls ) and my mother look amazing . i was extremely happy with the outcome of my hair and was truly impressed how she made each girl look unique , yet beautiful while keeping in mind their personality and style . also she was quick ! ! ! i could not have been happier and will definitely hire her again in the future . thanks angela !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never gotten a haircut at this location but they have the best brazilian waxer in town ! ! ! courtenay weitzel is the best ! i have been seeing courtenay for years and she is amazing . yes i know that brazilians are not the most comfortable thing to get but she is very professional about her job and makes sure the experience is fun . i luv going to courtenay because she makes me feel comfortable and relaxed . she makes the time pass with laughter and wonderful advice . if you ever want to try a brazilian i highly recommend courtenay ! ! ! she is an amazing woman and i am so happy to know her . you rock ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to jean for manicures and pedicures for almost 6 years now ! she is fabulous ! over the years , i have gone from natural nails to acrylic to gel to natural and back to gels- she does it all and does it great ! jean is always flexible with her scheduling and is always willing to do what it takes to get me in even with short notice or if i have a `` nail emergency '' : ) i get so many compliments on my nails and my mani and pedis last for 3-4 weeks- which i love ! the atmosphere is fun and lively back in the nail area which makes it feel like a a mini gal pal get together !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i recently moved to scottsdale , az from saginaw , mi . before i moved here i had never gotten a pedicure or a manicure ! and man was i missing out for 24 years ! i recently received my first manicure and pedicure and it was amazing ! not only did my toes and nails look amazing - the environment was outstanding . michelle is not only the best nail tech - but she is hilarious ! i do n't think i laughed so hard in a long time . her and rhonda - another amazing nail tech - are so friendly and have such a great following . i could n't believe how busy the salon was ! people coming in and out of there every second ! i now get my nails done weekly ! i get so many compliments on them and i feel great ! i will always be a michigander at heart but now with great nails ! : ) thanks to tangles ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have gone to wayne my whole life , so clearly i absolutely love him ! he is always accommodating when i need to change my appointment , and has after work and morning appointments , as well as saturday appointments the salon is very well kept , always clean , always friendly people to greet you at the front . the boutique in the front is nice to look at when there is some extra time before my appointment , but it is a little pricey for my price range ... but a nice selection and variety . love all the purses that are up there . they also sell a lot of nice hair products in the front . they have that moroccan oil which is really popular right now for hair care . love the place , and would recommend it to anyone who asked !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to tangles many times and alicia does an awesome job with a shampoo blow dry for me . she 's a doll !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been coming to tangles for a few years . the staff is very friendly here . not your typical scottsdale salon by any means . my stylist , angela lalli is amazing ! i have never walked out of the salon unhappy with my color or cut . i 'm always getting a ton of compliments whenever i get my hair done . i highly recommend this salon , and if you can book an appointment with angela lalli - do it ! ! ! you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been visiting scottsdale tangles salon for about 15 years off and on . it 's in a convenient location ( scottsdale and shea ) and it is a relatively nice , trendy salon . mindy is my favorite for a good hair cut . they also offer skin care services , nails , laser , etc . worth a try if you need a new salon . prices are reasonable for the area . i pay around $ 50 for a hair cut .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "courtenay is the best ever . my skin was out of control after having my son and she whipped it into shape in time for my wedding . i love what she did with my eyebrows as well . when it came time to find a makeup artist for my big day , i talked with her and she offered to do a trial . she ended up driving all the way to tucson and doing a fabulous job for me and several bridesmaids . and on very short notice , might i add . if you like being treated like a queen , feeling valued as a customer , and laughing your ass off , then courtenay is for you . on a side note , my hair was all kinds of wrong and she introduced me to angela who also works at tangles . best , most affordable cut i 've gotten in years . trying to grow out my bad bang haircut . she blended everything nicely and we 're working on the style that i eventually want . so yeah , i 'm pretty thrilled .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a new salon to love.. my daughter wanted her coiffe .. coiffed.. and they managed to make room for her & my niece in 30 minutes notice . very sweet .. & cute cuts for all.. in & out in less than an hour .. they carry a small amount of apparel.. cute things.. and they carry my beloved morroccan oil.. i 'm glad i have a awesome salon close by !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "diana previously worked at luxury nails which is right around the corner from my house . everyone at luxury is very nice , but you will not find anyone , anywhere who is better than diana at gel manicures . needless to say , when she decided to open her own shop , i followed her . diana is well worth the drive . she takes her work very seriously and always makes sure her clients are happy . i have never left disappointed and tell all my friends about her . i am hopelessly indecisive , and she takes the time to help me pick out colors and throw out suggestions . she also does great pedicures but those are a dime a dozen . getting a good gel mani in this town is like searching for a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow . your search ends at rainbow nails . she is the absolute best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ask for ken he is an amazing nail sculpture and can do just about anything ! i only have him do my nails so i can only speak for his work . i wanted a set of pink and whites and i explained i wanted the pink very dark , he did gel and used a very dark hot pink which was perfect ! the work and effort he puts into my nail creation is incredible , he takes his time and is a perfectionist which i love ! i am so spoiled by his work i refuse to go anywhere else so if he gives up the nail profession in the future i will be screwed ! i will post a photo next time for sure as i have been so busy during my birthday month that i totally forgot . do n't forget to ask for ken ! go ahead girl and get your nails did ! lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just wanted to add that it was only 6 days of having my nails & 2 broke off ! unbelievable", "score": "1"}
{"review": "vaca from sf bay area , stopped by rainbow nail for a quick fix ... ann did a great job and in 30 minutes i got these beautiful nails ... definitely be back soon ... look for diana or ann ... both ladies are awesome ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first and last time i will come here . the guy that did my acrylics cut me twice . i was told that the gels were $ 15 additional so i chose the chrome and ended up paying $ 25 additional . they are cheaper but this place is the true definition of you get what you pay for . they are very impersonal , rushed , and my chrome gels are already chipping after a week", "score": "1"}
{"review": "diana is the best . plain and simple . these women know what they are doing : ) she has many years experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am from out of town and i have stumbled upon this place twice and i am thrilled i did ! this is a very unassuming nail salon . the quality of service and workmanship ranks them at the top in my book . i got a regular manicure and was extremely impressed that the nail polish and the nails looked great for four days . i 'm lucky if the polish stays on for 1 to 2 days from many other salons i have visited . i wish i lived in las vegas i would visit all the time . i will now coordinate my nail needs with my trips to las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know about anybody else but what i can tell you is diana herself is amazing and will have me coming back and back and back again i get my nails extra long coffin shape she does them amazing very detailed also her color selection is out of this world i 'm from michigan and i go back quite frequently back-and-forth been here about a year now and i 've yet to see these colors and any other shop then her 's and i do quite the traveling back an fourth nails here nails back home . thank ana ana , see you soon ! - melissa in the apts next door p.s also only two less stars because most days she 's booked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "diana has been doing my nails and feet for years now and she is the best by far . she does a fantastic job and is so very nice . i would recommend her to anyone", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was looking for a place nearby while getting my car fixed . found rainbow nails on yelp so i called . they got me in with 10 minutes notice . ken did a fill for me and painted an awesome pink and black flower . in and out in under an hour . was very impressed with this shop . bad news is that now i will have a bit of a drive from home to get my nails done . i 'll give them a little more notice that i 'm coming next time , but i 'll definitely be asking for ken ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so happy to find that diana from luxury nails now has her own shop . she is meticulous and always does a phenomenal job on my gels . my nails look fabulous for weeks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here around 4pm was told an appointment was set for 5:45 since they were busy . left , came back 5 minutes before the appointment was ready to be on time , then a customer came in around 6 on ( still waiting on an `` appointment `` ) demanding to be seen since she did not have another time and would be out of town tomorrow and was immediately seated and taken care of but sitting there for over 30 mins while the same guy saying he did not do pedicures starting her off and doing her pedicure only to be told i have to wait for the other station to be done when he was in the middle of a set . so you had me wait to come back , wait again when i could 've taken my business else where and ignored every direct stare towards their way like `` wtf you know this is terrible customer service right ... '' will never understand but also will never come back or recommend anyone to this place . not even an e for effort !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst expirience ever ! ! bad costumer service . bad and sloppy work . manager could care less . i had her take my nails off i refused to pay for crooked nails", "score": "1"}
{"review": "loved tina she was the best and the sweetest she 's really gentle ! ! ! i deffenetly recomenf her to any one who needs there nails done and the prices are great not to pricey ! ! and amazing nails out of it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here on a monday morning there was two other people i got seated and taken care of ann . they 're very friendly here and they did a great job on my nails . it was 45 for a full gel set and i was content next time i will just specify that i like my coffin nails very sharp . no complaints from me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its official i have found my new nail salon ! ! ! ! i was looking on yelp and i found this place and i thought it would be nice to try a new nail solon because my old one got worst by the moment . so i walked in and the owner said that it would be about a 30 minute wait and we were like ok. we waited only for about 10 minutes and that was amazing . i picked a color ( they have a decent nail polish collection ) and it was time ! this was the best pedicure i ever had ! ! ! diana was soo amazing ! ! i will defiantly come back here ! ! well worth the money !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "diana is amazing ! ! ! very professional and does amazing work . it 's expensive for my taste but i paid $ 90 for a paraffin treatment spa gel pedicure and gel manicure . it was worth it though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop is a joke and so is the owner . please ladies if you value your nails and money do not come here . they do terrible work and try and tell you its great . the sad part this was done on christmas eve and something simple as a fill . trash salon and terrible customer service ! ! ! the shop owner knew the job was done terrible . keep in mind ladies when you get gel work done they tell you to wash your hands and not cleanse the nail with alcohol to set the gel coat ! like every other nail salon ! simple nail shop basics . owner could care less ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for $ 25 i got a pedicure with callus remover and salt scrub . the women were super nice , they used clean tools , no pressured up sell and i left a satisfied customer . thumbs up ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst place , rude employees , i come over to repair just one finger , and they just say wait nothing else , how long or i do n't know i am very disappointed", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i believe her name was ann . she was great . got a basic pedi and full set done . she was so nice and fast . definitively will be going back her . thank you ann . i love my pedi and full set ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came from ga and had time to kill.stopped and got my nails done i loved this shop and the nail tech ! she was so talkative and my nails are on fleek ! ! ! there are so many glitter gel colors and i was in heaven !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had emergency service performed at this repair shop , never figured they would be so much higher than a dealership . but being a weekend and needing my car back i let them preform the work . on monday i called the dealership to see what they would have charged for the same service . it was $ 150 less than i was charged and the dealership was going to do more work . very disappointed with the `` local '' service repair shop , no matter how `` friendly '' they might appear .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had my car ( mini ) there for pre-inspection prior to buying it , and although they have done a 300+ checklist on all possible ( security ) issues , 6 weeks later i ended up with potential fixes worth more than 2,500 usd . i do accept that certain of these items could have come up in the 6 weeks period , but not to the full extend . stuff is friendly though , and for regular cars , probably a good choice . would just not recommend them for mini , and pre-inspection .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just went up here to see the cost of a diagnostic for my o2 they wanted $ 70 . i called two other places who wanted $ 49 . if they were going to overcharge me $ 20 for a diagnostic i wonder what they overcharge for the actual repair ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've went here several times over the past 2 years for my volvo 240 . they 've broken off the trim and a side pocket on my door on 2 different occasions with out offering to fix they 're mistakes . then put the broken off parts in the trunk . waited 3.5 hours for my inspection because they accidentally gave me an oil changed instead . they 've tried putting light bulbs in to fix a light , did n't work , was still charged for them . terribly over priced as well . honestly think they take advantage of me being a young women who does n't know cars well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the review by s. m. sounds like a cheapskate . my experience could n't have been better . eric goes all out with customer service and the quality and fit are amazing . will proudly wear my hat into o'farrell 's hat shop when i 'm in santa fe in two weeks . s. m. ; frye 's has some hats for you . $ 10", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great hat shop ! ! ! amazing quality ! ! it 's nice to visit and meet a store owner who is passionate about what they do . hats are a great price for the quality they do . even though i could n't afford one myself they treated me like i could . i 'll be definitely saving for this investment", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my hat from watson 's ! such amazing customer service . i stopped in when i was visiting my parents in december and could n't resist buying a hat . what 's even more impressive is that my parents stopped into the shop last week and eric remembered them , remembered me , and even reminded them what hat i bought and what hats i had tried on ! amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greedy , greedy , greedy stopped in to have a slight crease steamed out of my borsolino and also to look for another panama . after spending a few minutes steaming my hat , watson showed me his stock . i told him i 'd think about it , and asked how much i owed for the steaming . i was absolutely shocked : $ 25.00 ! ! ! ! the only thing this marketing and customer loyalty genius accomplished was to guaranty that i will never buy from him and will tell anyone who will listen to avoid this shop .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's just a hat . if that 's what the voice in your head is saying , you have n't spoken with eric watson . he and his mother , dawn , are the proprietor educators @ this custom hattery . being passionate about your work is the lifeblood of any small business , and it permeates every corner of this small family shop . from teaching the basics of hat etiquette ( i always thought the dent was there to facilitate my finger position on that classic panama ) to sharing their wealth of knowledge on materials , methods and styles , this mother son duo is committed to enriching your lid experience . do yourself a favor - if you 're considering a new cover - regardless of style , you owe it to yourself ( and all those who 'll be seeing you in it ) to pay a visit to watson 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found watson 's through yelp and was so glad i did . i had a nice cowboy hat that i needed the brim trimmed down on . i brought it in and eric mentioned that the crown was crooked and mis-shaped . i had it reblocked , the brim trimmed , and the shape put back in it and it was ready as promised . great guys who really love talking about their hats ! will be back ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very professional service . great fit on my new hat . owner is very accommodating and passionate about his work . definitely recommend them", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you thank you thank you ! ! i want to thank the people that made this place happen ... .you have made all my dreams come true . imagine a delicious yogurt shop with super fun flavors like peanut butter , chocolate mint , cake batter and so many more . i used to have to travel to yogurtland or jujuberry but not anymore , now we have one right in the hood ! ! guess what ? instead of eating a normal lunch i can pig out with a healthy peanut butter yogurt smothered in chocolate chips . could be the perfect lunch ! ! see you there !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i pass by here just about 600 times a year . i just do n't do dessert often . deb l was hosting the early part of a fundraiser for sunburst school so i finally stopped in . the place looks bright and shiny new still after over 2 years . the young woman at the register was pleasant . with all the flavors of yogurt and toppings , i chose to keep it simple with cheesecake yogurt topped with strawberries and chocolate sauce . it was ok but for only a little more for about the same size serving i could have had a premium ice cream or gelato . when you only indulge in sweet stuff occasionally it needs to be special . : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we 've gone here quite a few time but these past two times most recently , the machines have been a disgusting mess . not cleaned or taken care of no , not even an attempt ! ! ! perhaps it is the late night employees that are not keeping the place up . yes , now i know yogurt is messy , but i have never been so disgusted walking into a yogurt shop . not to mention no employee in sight , and no small cups left ! ! upsetting as this place seemed to be just fine the prior times that i had come , but with the new lack of cleanliness and attention , i will be taking my business else where ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we usually stop by this location after dinner . it is always crowded and sometimes hard to find a space to sit . however , that night there was a foul smell possibly that of sewage problem . i was surprised there were so many people still sitting around . we got our yogurt and left quickly . that smell was so unbearable . at least , no one was sick from eating yogurt .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "honestly all these yogurt places are the same to me . as long as the yogurt tastes good and they go mochi i 'm happy . this place was good and has a lot of fresh toppings . what more do you need from a trendy yogurt shop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to get the high carb ice cream alternative . .plenty of sweets to top off with . a must go on that day you crave something sweet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg-i have found a place i like better than cold stone ! went there for the first time and the cashier noticed we looked lost . he explained everything and told us we could sample all the yogurt , and i did ! i did n't have to wait for someone to give me my sample i got it myself . i sampled all that sounded good . the dulce de leche was awessome . some of the other yogurts i had was coconut , cookies and cream , and cheescake . all soo yummy . so i got a mix of yogurt and then i got to the toppings and aww man more decisions . they had a lot candy , chocolate bars , cereal , fruit toppings to choose from . anyhow love that you can make your own and get as much or little you want . oh yeah did i mention it 's healthy . love you yogurtini ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! super convenient location , friendly staff , great variety of flavors , and awesome promotions and loyalty program ! stopped by today and had the pleasure of meeting bruce who told us about the $ 5 all you can fill small cup tomorrow , so guess who 's gon na be back tomorrow ? highly recommemded ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually do not eat this type of treat but when i do it is so good . i like the coconut and cheesecake options . the people working here are super nice . i like that they are involved in fundraising and the local school community . stay cool !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while on lunch a week or so ago i saw the signage for this new location , and on a 100 degree sunday afternoon i figured it was time to check it out . i had been to the bell rd location before so i knew what to expect for the most part . it was nice to see this location is a bit larger , as the bell rd location seems cramped ( if not as well laid out ) . there are 16 flavors to choose from , and a spread of toppings ranging from fruit to cereal to candy bars to you name it . at 39 cents per ounce you wo n't be breaking the bank unless you fill their largest tub to the brim . they also have a loyalty card that ( unless my math sucks ) equals out to a free $ 5 cup for every $ 50 spent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was fantastic . great yogurt & topping selections . affordable prices . helpful staff . modern and clean decor . this was my first self serve yogurt experience and i will be back . one thing i especially liked is that by each yogurt flavor they have the amount of calories and fat listed by it . i will be back when i 'm on that side of town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great yogurt shop tucked into the strip mall by barro 's . have some pizza and visit yogurtini for dessert . try all the flavors if you like , then fill your cup and head over to the toppings . oh my the toppings . fresh fruit and bobas , nuts , candy , syrups and cookies are all available . you pay by weight and it can add up quickly , so be conservative . you really do n't need that much anyway . the store was clean , and bright . staff was friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always delicious ! staff is always very friendly ! i 've never had a complaint ! make sure you register a phone number for future discounts ... you get points for every visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sprite interior reminded me of hemingway 's , `` a clean well-lighted place '' . a great place to enjoy something sweet . flavor choices are so many that you realize that you can ' t try them all in one cup and will have to return again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite frozen yogurt place . always lots of great flavors , great toppings . it 's always clean , and the staff is always friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soooo many yogurt options and combinations to choose from ! ! we are new to the make your own amazing concoction froyo craze but are loving it ! they have whole oreo cookies ( yes , name brand oreos - full size ) , full size twinkies ( individually wrapped ) , and raspberry sauce ( my fav berry flavor ) to add into your frozen yogurt cups . really , they will have something you and your family love to snack on with 16 yogurt flavors and 80 toppings to chose from ! pick a bowl and load it up - you 'll be paying based on weight but really with the choices you have to make a custom treat , it 's well worth it . the place is super cute and painted with the trendy aqua color . really clean and super friendly staff . when you 're checking out be sure to give your phone number for the rewards points program to score discounts on future purchases .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place and their selections ! they always have red velvet unlike the places that switch out their flavors ( ahem , ahem mojo , yogurtology , etc ) ! ! ! ! ! their newest featured flavors are the bananalicious and hawaiin something and their both delish ! the only reason they didnt get 5 stars from me is because ... ... they dont freaking have juice poppers ! ! ! ! how do you not have juice poppers ! ? everyone loves juice poppers ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best non-fat treat you deserve ! it 's self-serve so you decide how much frozen yogurt you want from the many flavor choices , then choose from about 70 different toppings , they weigh it and you pay ! fabulous taste , so many toppings , love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love yogurtini . it 's a bit expensive , but i enjoy it . i also do n't fill my bowl all the way up because the bowls are huge . the cocunut is my favorite , but i 'm sure all the flavors are good . it 's really hard to hate this place with all the flavor choices and toppings . you can even eat pretty healthy if you have a small serving and top it with fruit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! yogurtini is delicious ! i like the suggested mixes on the board . i do not like the line of contemplating customers who feel the need to sample every single flavor but that comes with the territory when you frequent yogurt shops . i love the mint flavor with some dark chocolate chips and andes mint bits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best branch i have ever been to . super clean and tons of options . plus friendly staff and a nice seating area ! ! i 'm a picky person and this is definitely recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is clean and well kept . there are 21 flavors to choose from and a good variety of toppings . i had the coconut and mango with fruit toppings . so good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let me sayyyy . i love this place , it 's so close to my house , and the flavors are soooo good : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this frozen yogurt is pretty great and their topping selection is awesome . plus their customer service was very good . i will definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wish they had more flavors ! machines took a long time to dispense yogurt , everyone in line kept complaining about that . other than that clean store and friendly workers", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a cool place , most the flavors of yogurt are gross but theres a cute girl who works there , she always makes my day . her name starts with a big t .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for some good frozen yogurt , yogurtini is definitely the place to go ! they have so many flavors to choose from and the topping bar is outrageous !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great flavors ... awesome selection ... . tasty yogurt ... . i wish this place would replace the crappy place near my house !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this yogurtini 's ! it 's serves its purpose . i get in , atmosphere is pleasant , surroundings are cute , seafoam green and white colors are charming . they seem to have plenty of flavors to choose from and so far i dont have a any negative things to say about this place . probably a bit more crazy and filled with kids during the summer time or any vacation time for that matter , but thats true for any place . last time i went in around christmas time 2011 they had maple & bacon donut flavor-i know , sounds gross . i did n't have any but the hubby did and he liked it . i will stick to the `` house tart `` and `` coconut `` , oh and my fave flavor `` apple tartini '' yuuuum.. place is always pretty clean too , thank goodness for that !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love that they have sugar free frozen yogurt . always super clean even the toppings bar which can get a little scary at some places .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner ( i think ) was there when we went and was extremely nice . he made a point to be friendly to my one year old son and then again to my 4 year old niece . the place was clean and the toppings were fresh ! great place i 'll definitely be back to this location . even if it is 20 mins away from me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what i love most about yogurtini is that it is very similar to my # 1 yogurt spot back home in ca , from the flavors , toppings and even the decor . i love the fact that there is plenty of fresh fruit and cereals instead of just candy and desserts as toppings . the flavors are unique and are very good as well . some of the flavors are also incredibly creamy ! i like it . i wish it was cheaper or comparable to other self-serve yogurt places ( ~50 cents per oz here vs. ~30 cents per oz other places ) but will definitely satisfy my sweet tooth . i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has some pretty darn good yogurt . it is another place where they do n't let you get your own samples , but other than that not bad . they have a great selection of toppings too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoy coming here . they have a great selection & no added sugar . i do n't do the toppings but they have a great selection of toppings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! ! ! they always have a great selection of frozen yogurt along with toppings , the staff is always extremely helpful and polite , and they keep the place really clean ! there hours also allow for any late night cravings to be satisfied ! i am going to be moving soon and am extremely bummed that there is not a yogurtini by our new place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely awesome place to come either with a group of friends or yourself to pig out on delicious , healthy frozen yogurt and not feel guilty about it ! its a really simple cute building really kept clean , and tons of frozen yogurt to choose from aswell the yummy add-ons ! sooo many combinations to make and decide on its ridiculous !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not usually a fan of short changing my ice cream experience with yogurt , but the experience , selection of flavors , updated flavors , topping selections , friendly service , and clean dining experience are fantastic . not to mention my picky 7 year old loves to know she will enjoy her treat by sampling it first . the toppings are a story to behold when she gets going too . we have made this a regular haunt and bring friends and family there all the time . keep up the good work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think this may be my new favorite place for dessert ! they have a huge selection of yogurt flavors . the ones i recall were blueberry , red velvet cake , chocolate , peanut butter , some other fruit flavors , and then standard tart and vanilla flavors . then the toppings . there are so many ! and i was delighted to see lots of fresh fruit options since i 'm trying to keep it somewhat healthy . lots of candy and other standard toppings ... and twinkies . yes , twinkies . they also have lots of sauce toppings - chocolate , peanut butter , marshmallow , green apple syrup , and some others . the area was clean and staff was friendly . definitely going back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big fan of this for frozen yogurt . tons of tasty toppings , great flavors , and a decent amount of seating . in comparison to other 's that baby you by doing the sample cups for you , this one actually trusts the customers to handle it themselves . i just wish it had high chairs or something so those of us with little ones can sit and enjoy our frozen yogurt easier .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . no matter what your mood is you 're gon na be able to get your fix . winter wire chocolate is the most amazing flavor , much better than i expected . store is clean and staff is always sweet and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when there 's like a 100 different topping choices , pay per ounce is n't always the best thing . mmmmmmm it 's so good though . worth every cent ! every employee i 've encountered has been friendly . the place is really large with a lot of tables . my only recommendation is to set up a few tables outside . on a lovely phoenix evening , enjoying froyo outside would be heavenly . yummmmmmmm ... . i 'm going to have to go there tomorrow .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "claudia has sold my husband and i our last 2 homes here in las vegas ! love her professionalism and knowledge of the housing market . she has fought for us on our last house and made it possible to finalize the purchase ! ! i highly recommend her ! she 's got a great bubbly personality , friendly and is willing to go that extra mile for you ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "claudia is an amazing realtor and always takes the time to make her clients feel like royalty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i used claudia from a recommendation from a friend . we met with her and she helped us with our complex situation of buying a gen smart house for my wife and i , our three kids and my wife 's grandpa . she had a very positive attitude from the get go . she listened to our wishes and pulled houses that only fit our criteria . we found a new home and claudia was able to get us in the house for 15k less than asking plus a bunch of incentives like blinds , a water softener and a few other goodies . she was at our walk through and pointed out a few items that we did n't catch . if you 're looking to buy the perfect house start with claudia !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "claudia is the ultimate professional . absolutely looks out for her clients best interests . before the purchase or sell , during and even after , claudia and her team go above and beyond ! buying my first home was exciting yet frightening . claudia helped the entire process run smoother than i thought . after closing i ran into a snag and claudia helped me fix it without hesitation . wish i could give her more stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used a few realtors here in las vegas . claudia by far is the most professional , helpful , efficient and knowledgeable . she always responds promptly and goes above and beyond to help you though things . i highly recommend her and will never use anyone else here in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "claudia was recommended to me through a friend from work . she recently helped me with the purchase of my new home .she is great ! very attentive , reliable and flexible . she made it a point to make it to all inspections and walk-throughs . i have referred her to a few of my friends and they were all very happy with her as well . if i ever purchase another home i will definitely see claudia again . she has become like family to us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called 10 days ago to refill a prescription . it took forever to get the rx processed so i was told i 'd get a call back . that was 9 6 . on 9 10 i got a voicemail saying my rx had been sent . ok , i thought , that 's good . well , they sent the wrong rx . i called back on friday , 9 13 , to get this sorted out and their entire system was down . i was told they 'd call me back . no thanks , i said , i 'll call back myself . well i called back today and the system was still down . now i 'm out of a rx and seriously annoyed . what 's the point of using a mail-order pharmacy that saves you absolutely no time ? ! back to walgreens i go !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rightsource sucks . stay away ! ... ... .or , get ready for `` claim under review '' the 800 number is an answering service based throughout the world . you will get put on hold . and you finally give up . and then `` claim denied `` and then ( drum roll please ) it will be dumped in your lap . it 's your problem . stay away !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give them 1 10000000 of a star , i would . all i can say is run , run away , fast before they screw something up as bad as they did with me . right source a huge part of the problem in healthcare today . humana is to blame too . one hand does not talk to the other . and we want the government to get in the middle ? heaven help us all . r u n ! n o w !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sept 3 , called to refill rx , sept 13 called to check on status , told it is in the mail..called sept 14 , 15 , 16..same answer ! spent a total of `` 3 hours '' with numerous csrs . they told me that once they ship the rx , their responsability is finished . they gave me a tracking # ... invalid ! called my doc for a refill ( per their request ) local pharmacy was told by insurance it was too soon to refill ( due to the rx in the `` lost '' mail ! ) now this is my `` attitude adjustment med '' ... paxil ... my family will back me up when i say i need my drugs ! ! ! here it is the 17th of sept and i am still getting promises ... and no rx ! ! tomorrow i may be on `` suicide watch '' ! ! humana and rightsource , you are not my friends !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have had nothing but problems with this company ever since i sent in the orders for my second round of prescriptions . they said the orders were n't filled out right then they said they did n't have the prescriptions . i sent them myself . they were able to fill one out and ship it . the other two i cancelled . my doctor is getting up in age and his memory is n't so sharp so trying to get him to handle it is n't so easy . unfortunately humana sucks so my options are limited . i will be going back to the old fashioned way ... ..walgreens .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "right source rx has messed my order up for the last time . repeatedly they have not sent out my prescriptions because they say i have a balance . even the letters they send me say the balance is $ 0 ! ! ! how can i pay my bill when everything i receive states i do n't owe anything but they ca n't send my prescription until i pay ? ! so frustrating . this last time was the 4th time i 've had to deal with the same exact scenario so no , i sure as heck will not transfer my other prescriptions . back to walgreens i go !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unfortunately rightsource is part of a huge insurance conglomeration with glitzy brochures and snappy patient ads . it 's about marketing , not healthcare , not true patient care . rightsource lost my prescription and agreed to contact my doctor to get a new one . it never happened . the medication is one where you ca n't stop it without gradual withdrawal and it was a bad experience . if you 're considering humana or rightsource , please check for other insurance options .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i called humana pharmacy to get a quote for my husband 's prescription medicine . after spending 15 minutes going through phone system and identification , etc . the representative said that my husband would have to call in and verbal consent would be adequate to share info with me . when he called at his convenience , he spent 15 minutes going through the system and discussing with representative to find out that he would have to give verbal consent and then pass the phone to me.fd of course , i was not there . too time consuming just to get price information ... ..however , it reminded me that i should check to see if my humana medicare part d coverage was still the best choice for me in 2017 given changes in medication usage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this mail order pharmacy pulls the old `` bait & switch . '' they called me to ask if i had any other medicines i use . i told them yes but did not need any for 6 months . without my authorization , they sent me $ 130 of these meds and refused to admit their error ( they record all phone calls ) or take back these meds . be careful . do business elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lighting fast prescription delivery . asked humana pharmacy to contact dr for brand name drug prescription . upon receipt , website and interactive voice response system kept asking for approval to mail out medicine ( $ $ high copay ) . asked for representative who manually made sure rx made it to filling queue . received prescription in 3 days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "run . run fast and run far . stay away from humana pharmacy and their insurance plan . their customer service is absolutely the worst i have ever experienced . their website is an absolute disaster . if you chat online or speak with them on the phone they will almost always claim you need to speak with a specialist and give you an 800 number to call . do n't be surprised when that 800 number is not in service . and do n't base your prescription insurance choice on what they charged you last year . my copay , for very common generic drugs , went from zero to $ 125 a month with no warning . i pissed away over half a day trying to get prices on two different eye drops for upcoming cataract surgery . when i finally got their price it was a grand total of $ 10 less ( out of $ 450 ) that walmart 's over the counter price . sure not worth the hassle . i 'll be in someone else 's insurance plan next year .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just terrible ! ! ! horrible customer service , snail-like deliveries , super frustrating . if i could give them zero stars , i would . if you 're taking medication , you need to get it from a pharmacy you can count on to get it to you on a timely basis . you can only count on humana to screw things up , and then not even take responsibility .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my dad has been here for the last three weeks , to get ready for his long term rehab . after spending a month in a half at the hospital and rehab faculty . select has been a very nice change . one good sign is that my dad hates this place ! but i 'll tell you why , they are getting him in and out of bed every day ! which he does n't like , he is doing rehab ! again which he does n't like ! i am glad they are making sure he does what he is suppose to ! that 's the only way he 'll be able to return home ! yes it gets a little loud there , not much you can do about that . over all i have been very happy with this place , wished he could stay here long term rehab ! but that 's not what they do !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "since they sold this dentist has gone down hill . i gave it 5 stars before , now it 's a 1 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff were nice , i went here because i figured it would be different from the big name dental companies where it 's all about doing the expensive services only but it 's the same as the other big names they pretty much refused my cleaning which sucks because i took the day off work . tried to to get me to do a deep cleaning and refused a regular cleaning evening tho my last dentist spot i got a regular cleansing with different dentist . so it 's no different than those big names that try to do the typical money plot : - (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "made an appointment with ats for today 8 12 16..nick was on time , the price was right completed installing my ceiling fan on time.he also recommended changing my light switch because it was rated for incandescent lighting not for led lighting..i was impressed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible experience . bought 2hr deal through angie 's list . they called and set up an appointment . i changed my work schedule to be sure i was home at the scheduled time . they never called as promised so i called them . the electrician called back , said he was delayed but was close by and would be at my house soon . never heard from him and he never showed up . next day the office called to reschedule . i requested a supervisor call me and am still waiting . just want my money back . not reliable or honest !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had not been in to a hustler store in years . i was extremely impressed with this store ! ! the associates were super helpful and selection was terrific ! my new `` toy '' store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place ever ! all of the coworkers are amazing but especially hank ! seriously no judgment and a great selection !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice place with good diverse selection of fun stuff . justin & eusabia are both very sweet , knowledgable and pleasant- they are willing to show items and have quits the knack at demonstrating the suction ability of various product . they have a range of products for various genders . all in all a place where feeling comfortable is simple .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this store . very vanilla for the most part but beautiful and tastefully done . good variety of lingerie and toys . needs more of a men 's section for sure ! and if you 're going to sell bdsm toys- make sure it 's the good stuff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place have a ton of great toys all premium products.. it also have all the classic hustle apparel.. i 'll be headed back for more goodies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incompetently run . i took it in for a tuneup and to replace the pedals and cycle computer . i was n't looking for anything special , so they grabbed a $ 30 pair of pedals for me . i go back to get my bike and discover they 're only charging me for the tuneup . when i go to correct them , i discover they 've put 100 $ pedals on ( that any other place would charge $ 50 for ) . then i get home and the next day , my rear tire is flat : they damaged the valve and it leaks . mistakes happen , but three on one visit is incompetence , not an accident .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've never actually been in this store but i am really impressed with their service . my husband and i were looking to purchase icers for winter hiking . we 'd been to sail and mec and although mec offered kahtoola 's , they were n't available in our size . this led us to do a little research online and we found a canadian company ( hillsound ) that made a comparable product . we call the company directly and they suggested we order them through skiis & biikes . my husband called to have them ordered and we had them within two days . no complaints , no hassle , no issues at all . requested , ordered , purchased . now ... where did all the snow and ice go ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "impeccable service . i could n't ask for service better than this . one of the managers , chris , took a couple hours out of his time , despite it being christmas eve to help me find the perfect ski boot . and even when i tried things back and forth and forth and back , he did n't even mind . needless to say , i 've finally got the perfect ski boot and i 'm ready to rock and roll out in the hills !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i too received the same lacklustre service approach with my son 's new skis . they just have no idea . very badly organized and very poor customer service not just in the tuning dept . too many young kids working the floor too that just seem disinterested and very short on knowledge . i basically had to help the young kid fill in the form for mounting my sons skis . i am not happy or confident at all that they did the job properly . terrible place ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "snowboarding is both sport and fashion . who knew ? i was on the hunt for snow bunny gear at their continuing post-christmas sale and found a store that is equivalent to candy heaven . the super friendly staff really knew their stuff - they 're not on commission here , so their approachability ( in fact , in all cases , each sales staff approached me first ! ) was a pleasant surprise . they have an incredible selection of technical gear that my fashion forward friends would approve of . beyond simply retail , they also tune skis and boards . as their name suggests , they 're also experts in bikes , but since i was n't on the look out for that area , i did n't pay too much attention . for great service and large selections of technical snow sport gear , definitely check out this store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst customer service ever . i would never shop here . boyfriend and i were clearly looking at bikes but no one said one word to us even when we walked past them ( multiple times ) . they were all hanging out behind the counter chit-chatting . my boyfriend called them a bunch of teenage punks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took my bike in for service and they did a great job . lots of options and they called to discuss what i needed before they did the work . i liked them and i did n't feel too bad because i know next to nothing about bikes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have ceviche and all kind of mariscos ( seafood ) . tacos as well ( duh ) . we got asada and tripe tacos ... yum ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good , ive only tried the shrimp tacos so far but they were worth coming back for . they do not accept debit credit ... dont forget your cash . if its after dark either dont go alone , or eat in your car !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let me start off by saying how much i love this place . i do n't know how many of y'all have gone to nayarit and had real authentic mariscos , but this place legit meets all that and more . tejuino ! aguachile ! empanadas de camaron ! oh man , they have it all . the tacos : made with fresh masa tortillas to the order . ca n't get a better burrito in las vegas then right here . i constantly take spontaneous drives out here all the way from los angeles ! worth it every time . 10 10 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
